public_descripti
test ly, please dt create a notificati
Test Only - Please close
4000 block  copeland just before you get   freeway- POTHOLES
LARGE P/H CAUSED VEHICLE DAMAGE
This is a test.  Please close when you receive.
Caller reports cracks and potholes in alley
Pothole in left turn lane going toward school
Test
POTHOLE
Road damage that needsTo be repaired
test close 




Substantial pothole  westbound Grand Ave, in  norrnmost lane.
Pothole in street
 corner  applet and genesee
Pothole
Buckled pavement
Numerous potholes in pavement both westbound and eastbound  Poway Road between I-15 and western cy lims  Poway. Really beat up westbound, worsened significantly recently.
Numerous potholes in pavement both westbound and eastbound  Poway Road between I-15 and western cy lims  Poway. Really beat up westbound, worsened significantly recently.
many bad potholes SB Sabre Springs between Poway Rd. and Ted Williams Pkwy
There are three large potholes at  intersecti  Lowry Terrace and El Paseo Grande whin 10 yards  each or
Lg linear pothole that is a hazard to bicycles.   is   southbound side.
pothole
Pothole
POTHOLE
Pothole
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
4 POTHOLES
POTHOLE/ DAMAGED ASPHALT
pothole
POTHOLES
pothole
POTHOLES & DAMAGED ASPHALT AT THE INTERSECTION
9th & G st pothole @ intersecti
SE corner  Ave  Industry & Innovati Dr.; apr to intersecti; ccrete cracked and subsiding
Poway Rd from I15 to Glen Oak is horrible and has been for a couple  years. Many many potholes, uneven, patches -- 's a be-rattling, suspensi-destroying ride. Please, please re-pave . This is what we pay taxes for.
 intersecti  grape and 31st St.
Deep pothole in frt  4863 & 4847 Chateau Dr. near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4833 & 4821 Chateau Dr. near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4789 & 4781 Chateau Dr. near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4727 Chateau Dr. near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4797 Chateau Dr. near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4809 Chateau Dr. near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4821 Chateau Dr. near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4670 & 4662 Chateau Dr. near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4702 Chateau Dr. & Chateau Court near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4772 Chateau Dr. near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4772 Chateau Dr. near very middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4772 & 4752 Chateau Dr. near middle   street (in frt telephe pole area)
Deep pothole in frt  4752 & 4762 Chateau Dr. near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4822 Chateau Dr. near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4824 Chateau Dr. driveway area
Deep pothole in frt  4846 Chateau Dr. near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4858 Chateau Dr. near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4870 Chateau Dr. near middle  street (in frt  tree by curb)
Deep pothole in frt  4902 Chateau Dr. near middle   street (in frt  home frt door area)
Deep pothole in frt  4910 & 4918 Chateau Dr. near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4918 Chateau Dr. near middle   street
Deep pothole in frt  4934 Chateau Dr. near middle   street (in frt  home's driveway area)
Pothole  WB Mira Mesa BLVD. Near  Mira Mesa sign.
The corner  Cvoy and Ostrow St going South  Cvoy right lane is totally hacked up and in need  repair.  The right lane is a menace for bikes.  In fact most all  Cvoy is in need  a resurface.
5 potholes at  locati
Large amount  asphalt missing from seam at  beginning  bridge  EB Washingt.
Potholes  Divisi Street located between Valencia Pkwy and Heysuckle Lane.  These potholes are dangerous requiring drivers to swerve to avoid hting m messing up car alignments resulting in costs to repair/adjust alignments.   These pothole are lg standing and need repair.
Intersecti  Shoal Creek & Stey Gate Place & also e intersecti west  re, many pot holes, again!!
LARGE POT HOLE , CONSUMER FELL AND BROKE ANKLE
fairly large growing pothole  Via Capri
3-5 POTHOLES IN THE RADIUS OF THE ADDRESS
There is a pothole at  entrance to  alley that is difficult to avoid.   is right in  path   handicap accessible sidewalk as well.  Locati is at juncti  Camino de la Costa and La Jolla Hermosa where  jogs East.
There is a pothole in  #1 Northbound lane  Torrey Pines Road at Exchange.   is pretty deep already.
2 LARGE POTHOLES
pothole
3in deep pothole about 2ft round- been re since last rain in middle lane lane going towards Twin Peaks road
Street has several big potholes and edges   road are deteriorating
Growing potholes in  westbound lanes  Rancho Bernardo Road just before    Pomerado - Rancho Bernardo Rd Intersecti
This pothole is deep. H  ce and I'm sure  shortened  life  my car.
Pted asphalt at edge  driveway located at 1162 Bollenbacher Street resulting in ADA  complicatis for resident.  Specifically, tearing up  wheels   wheelchair used for mobily.  Also, dangerous pothole at corner  Bollenbacher and Swaner Streets creating auto alignment and tire damage.
Big pothole

Multiple cracks/potholes  Southbound La Jolla Blvd between Belvedere and Nautilus Streets
This entire e way street has pot holes, please note  is not for  main street but for  street to  north right infrt from  hillside apartments. Please repair.
The road cdis  Rancho Carmel Drive between Carmel Mountain Road and Ted Williams Parkway are horrific. The roads are bumpy and filled wh potholes as  make  hazardous to drive . When driving   street, in order to avoid significant potholes, I will need to veer into  or lane. This is not a safe cdi for drivers, passengers, bikers, or pedestrians. In addi, driving  se roads is damaging to vehicles. As a major communy road which cnects to freeways, businesses, schools, and residences,  problem should be addressed promptly. Please ctact me via email wh any questis and  status   issue.
There are several potholes  Cstuti Road. For  most part y are   side   street closest to  houses wh even addresses, but re are a few ors. Many are near  intersecti  Cstuti and Frink Ave. One is near 5174 Cstuti Road and ors are in frt  neighboring houses as  address numbers get smaller (south, toward Lehrer Drive).
MULTIPLE potholes both  Camino de la Siesta and Camino del Rio N. in both  east and west bound lanes.  This area is ALWAYS a problem and needs to be not just filled, but repaved.
pothole
Recent sewer line work dug a hole in  center   cul-de-sac, re is an asphalt patch that is breaking up. Are re any plans to repave or resurface  entire cul-de-sac?The cdi   entire cul-de-sac is poor.
POTHOLE W/B
POTHOLES 3965-3999 BLOCK
There is an area in  intersecti  Moraga and Ogalala Ave where re was patch work de a few years ago but now  area is sunken in and is a low area in  intersecti.  s near  south-east corner   intersecti
FOUR TO FIVE POTHOLES
POTHOLES
various potholes and big dips in  road
Various pot holes throughout.
Pothole at entrance to alley  east side  Gresham between Missouri & Chalcedy
There is a need to repair  streets at  intersecti  Pinecrest Ave and Cabrillo Mesa Dr. There is a big pot hole   north side   intersecti and a chunk  asphalt missing   south side   intersecti.
Severe displaced cracking/potholes in frt  residences  West side  street.
There are lots  potholes   entirety  Limerick Court which is a short cul-de-sac street.  They need to be filled for safety reas ASAP.
The whole street needs to be repaved. 's dangerous for kids to bicycle and skateboard. Mainly,  bottom   incline secti.
There is a huge pothole in  road. s at least 6 ft lg and 2 ft wide. I believe s a result   garage truck picking up  trashcans next to  curb.
Minor asphalt repair needed for sunken asphalt in  westbound #1 lane in  6500-6899 block  Balboa Ave.
Pothole alg  gutter at  driveway entrance to 6137 Balboa Ave.
Potholes in  northbound lane in  6200 block  Vandever Ave.
Pothole in  westbound #2 lane in  500 block  Washingt St.
hole in bottom  foot bridge just east  intersecti.
Several potholes in  westbound lanes.
Multiple potholes  Winnett Street between Federal and Tooley
Entire street has potholes from  corner  Meadowlark till  end   street. Vehicles can not park correctly.
Several potholes in entire street from Meadowlark Lane to  end  Hummingbird lane. Please have somee come and inspect. Is really bad.
There is a large pothole at  center   intersecti. Many cars have left gouge marks in  pavement because   hazard!
E/B POTHOLE
Going southbound  College Ave, re is a pothole that was left from a recent paving project.  I've h  almost every time I drive through  intersecti. Very annoying and dangerous!
Pothole in frt  handicap ramp.
There are potholes for three blocks starting in  7400 block and going to  7700 block or beyd. The entire street is rutted.
There are plenty  potholes  our street, so many that I think  entire street needs to be repaved.  I've reported  mths ago, but nothing has happened.  As  is a culdesac, wh many homes that have short driveways, we have many residents that park ir car in  driveway and blocking  sidewalk. This results in people walking in  street vs   sidewalk.  We have two homes that are seniors, e in ir 80's and anor who uses a walker.  While I'm able to walk   street and not trip, I have to play close attenti to where I'm walking. And, I'm fearful a senior, a guest, or a child is going to trip   poorly maintained street, and get hurt.
POTHOLE
potholes  and near  intersecti  escdido and harjoan
Large damage/pothole in  street area directly outside  driveway to Via Frtera Business Park. The top and bottom   street have multiple potholes, but  e that I am reporting is potentially hazardous and will cause auto damage.
Across 3 left lanes
3 big holes and big bumps
Big pot hole needs fixing
"POTHOLE ACROSS THREE LANES"
"POTHOLE ACROSS THREE LANES"
Pothole
Big pot hole at  Transi from bridge to road needs to be patched again 5 sb framp/elm
Pot holes southbound missi  bay
POTHOLES SOUTHBOUND LANE
BAD POTHOLE
POTHOLES.
3700-3800 LOTS OF POTHOLES, E/B
There is a large and deep pothole   left turning lane into  5 North
Potholes in both directis in  1850-2099 block  West Washingt St.
Potholes in both directis in  2200 block  West Washingt St.
Couple  potholes growing in #1 S/B lane  Smy Avenue jno Ay Avenue intersecti
#1 -  street is sinking at  curb, so  curb has become exceptially high. #2 -  middle   street is crumbling from water drainage.   street re are huge potholes and chunks  road coming up.
  entrance to Trade Business Park, re is a large pothole, and several or cracks in  asphalt.
The road surface  San Dieguo Road, which gets hundreds  cyclists each week, is extremely dangerous and in dire need  repair.  I've seen riders go down twice now, and d't want to see anything more serious happen.  Thanks!
PER THE CONSUMER, THERE ARE SEVERAL POTHOLES ALONG EL CAJON BL BTWN COPELAND & I-15
e hole in street in frt  house
e hole in frt  house
e hole in frt  house. our street has many holes!
Pot hole in middle  street
2 holes
2 holes at  address
2 holes downhill in frt  house.  same street as Cadden way reports  potholes. 9 in total.
Pothole left turn lane to 163 south
pothole in alley behind address near Doliva
FOUR POTHOLES ACROSS FROM ADDRESS IFO BANK
multiple potholes
Large Pothole in gutter near planter

Pot hole
Regents Road near Eastgate Mall heading north towards Health Sciences Dr. needs repair. There are potholes and  street is in need  much repair.
DEEP POTHOLE
Potholes in  4700 and 4800 blocks  Bancrt St.
POTHOLES
7 POTHOLES.
Pothole going across 3 lanes  traffic
Pot holes and asphalt missing  Market street. cross street 18th and 19th street. missing asphalt  both side East and West.
Left lane, potholes
Eastbound lane just past Albi
SE CORNER OF GUY & COUTS ST
Dip in street
multiple potholes between Pablo Dr. and Rodada Rd.
I live in Carmel Valley, where not lg ago many roads were covered wh a new layer  tar an  became even more beautiful. But  wasn't crical.In  stretch  Regents road between Genesee  and La Jolla Village Drive,  road surface is ruined and  full  potholes. Besides residential structures,   road is located Country Day School. Also re are shopping mall, medical fices and an entrance to Marriott Hotel.  would help to millis  people to fix  road
PER CONS LARGE P/H ON LA JOLLA VILLAGE JUST NORTH OF GILMAN. P/H CAUSED VEHICLE DAMAGE
POTHOLES IN INTERSECTION.
Several potholes
pothole
pothole
pothole
pothole @ intersecti
31st & upas   north side   intersecti. Several bicyclists and motor scooters have fallen or nearly fallen
Deep sharp pothole in ccrete at  intersecti  Hancock and Sherman St, 92110
Red Cedar Drive was resurfaced  Thursday and we have our first pothole  Friday. The crew worked just down  street  Friday and drove over  hole throughout  day but didn't fix 
The pothole is about a foot and a half wide and at least 6 inches deep.  is  a steep hill and at a tight turn.
numerous potholes between Galewood, and Mound
POTHOLES ON BOTH SATURN AND CANTAMAR
Left lane to southbound Hwy 163
Multiple potholes alg Kearny Mesa Rd. southbound.
Pothole
Pothole in frt  reported address
In  southbound right turn lane prior to Townsgate Dr., several potholes and ruts in  road.
We have many potholes and a very degraded street   west end  Forestview Lane.  is  oldest part   street (35 years) and has been dug up many times and needs to be resurfaced. The east end   street has been de but  looks like y have no plans to do  west end that needs  most  all.
There are multiple potholes at  locati.  So bad that at times my wheels get stuck when backing out   driveway.
Small and Large Potholes/Street Damage up and down Calle Dario from Teresa to Santa Arminta.
Near curb
Near main entrance  to Rosecrans cemetery
Pothole near curb
Street is rough and uneven in multiple patches North and South bound  Scripps Ranch road. Addinal re are pot holes and  metal sewer plates are not even wh  road surface. This road is highly travelled and a key route to a high school. Addially  is a fairly steep incline which necessates that  be smooth for braking
Street is rough and uneven in multiple patches West and East bound  Scripps Poway road. Addinal re are pot holes and  metal sewer plates are not even wh  road surface. This road is highly travelled.
Pothole at  dip  Mallard St. wh  cross  Lacia  St.
Pothole about 1 foot wide in middle  road
Sunken asphalt adjacent to manhole in middle  street at intersecti  castle hills drive and vue du bay ct.
POTHOLES
There are several potholes whin 150 feet   street.
The alley between Utah and Kansas Streets needs to be paved. The pavement is broken up and down  alley. I reported  before and  # is 500000135729. 2 holes had a patch put in m but that is not good enough!!!
Both sides   North-bound and South-Bound  Rancho Carmel Dr. leading to intercepti  Shoal Creek Dr. are infested wh multiple pot holes and lg cracks.
There are several pothole(s) which get larger by  day   south side  Via Capri in frt  our home.This is an extremely busy street, vehicles repeatedly go downhill at speeds in excess   posted 25 mph, creating noise from hting  potholes, asphalt debris is spreading all over  street, and possibly if a vehicle hs  pothole(s) at a particular angle 's very possible  could cause  driver to lose ctrol & go into  coming lane.  Please repair ASAP.  Thank you.There are multiple pothole(s) up & down Via Capri that could be probably be repaired at  same time.
There are pot holes  Colusa Street between Gains & Riley Streets, also which is a detour  June 5, 2016 Marath.
Cracks and potholes in street surface  4700 block  Mansfield 92116, between Adams Ave. and Collier.
POTHOLE
Pothole.



pothole
Pothole
pothole
pothole

The secti between Willow creek rd ( 5 - 100 yards before intersecti  Pomerado and Willow Creek) and Scripps Ranch blvd  Pomerado going South has potholes.
Potholes
Uneven surface / potholes 50 to 75 secti.
large pothole  Del Mar Scenic Parkway, Del Mar, CA 92014. The hole is south   island median going downhill just past Camino Del Canto.  is approximately 1' wide and 4-5" deep. This is hazardous to  vehicles going down  hill. Addially,  asphalt in  area is extremely worn and cracked. Please repair as needed. Thank you.
Manhole pothole and deep street disrepair
SINKHOLE  ON PALM
Dozens  potholes and cracks for about a quarter mile west   intersecti  Camino del Norte and Bernardo Center Drive.  Have mercy  us and please fix se holes!
LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF BURGER KING
pothole
pothole
pothole
ingulf & chicago
potholes in alley behind  address 3761 03rd av
Pothole   west side   intersecti  1st Ave and Washingt St.
Potholes alg  gutter in  eastbound #2 lane in  2800 and 2900 blocks  Midway Dr. and Potholes in  westbound #2 lane in  2700 block  Midway Dr.
Potholes in  westbound #2 lane in  2700 block  Midway Dr.

Pothole in intersecti.
Almost  entire stretch  Rancho Carmel Drive (from Carmel Mountain Road to  transi to Sabre Springs Parkway under  Ted Williams bridge) is filled wh potholes. We have been promised repair for several mths. I've persally seen roads in Mira Mesa that have been currently paved and had few, if any, problems beforehand. One in particular is Black Mountain Road (a 6-lane road) between Mercy Road and Capricorn. I never noticed  damage and problems that we see  Rancho Carmel Drive. Why Rancho Carmel Drive has been neglected is beyd me. Many residents have complained, and we have received nothing except lip service. I have a problem voting "for" when I see such negligence regarding  repaving   road. Please see attached pictures for a small sampling   problems.  I would like to know exactly when  will be repaved. Thank you!
In alley. This is  water meter as  20160204_144215 (reported back n), but for many weeks if not mths up until today,  rim broke apart even more, unable to hold  lid, and 's been a gaping hole, unsafe unless you're looking at  ground where you walk.
The secti  New Salem Street from Barbados Way to Mtgo is in severe disrepair wh 3 potholes exceeding 8" in diameter and over 4" deep. The majory  New Salem Street was recently repaved, skipping e   worst sectis that is most heavily travelled. Over  past 5 years several projects have been completed wh ly patch repairs de. Every rainstorm,  potholes worsen. The entire secti needs to be resurfaced.  should have been de as e project alg wh  rest  New Salem, not overlooked.
Two potholes.
Numerous potholes and cracks  Marlesta Rd from Auburndale to Genesee.
The road from Fogg Street to Culver Way is full  potholes and bumps and needs to be repaved.
This part  Gold Coast Dr, from Three Seass Rd to Westhill Dr is full  potholes, torn up pavement, etc. You should look at repaving most  Gold Coast as  gets lots  commuter traffic. And because  is so horrible  is a hazard for me as a bicyclist.
Pothole
Large pothole in  middle   crosswalk  Rancho Bernardo Road and Pomerado Road. Crossing from  west side   intersecti to reach  bus stop,  large and dangerous pothole.
A cstuent called in to complain about a pothole that has been filled, but  was not filled properly. She has damaged her car.
As you come up  hill  pot holes were filled half way wh nothing good. They are back too fast
Where Balboa and Grand Avenue meet, in Pacific Beach, where Balboa startsto head eastbound, re is a pothole in  right lane near  curb.
S/B  POTHOLE @ THE CROSSWALK
large pothole  southbound side  Clairemt Drive, a couple  hundred yards down from  juncti wh Clairemt Mesa Boulevard.
Several feet  pavement is missing.
Deep pothole west bound Riverwalk Dr., east  Fashi Valley Road. Hazardous to bikes and cars.
Big dip in  middle   intersecti! Several cars have scraped  pavement. Please fix.
major potholes
There are several potholes at  traffic light
When making a left turn from Mesa College Drive to Linda Vista Rd re is a large pothole in  left turn lane close to  center median.   almost always catches your left frt & rear tires.
The alley  north side  building between Grand Ave and Thomas Ave is ripped up and causing multiple hazards including pedestrians falling and injuring mselves, flooding, na trash pileup in  holes. Customers have complained and e has threatened legal acti.
pothole in curb gutter area causing damage to vehicles.
Big pothole in  middle  a busy street lane -  north side  westbound Grand Avenue
The ramp from E/B 94 to N/B I-15 is VERY full  potholes and  road surface is irregular and extraordinarily jarring as a result. Seems unsafe as  ramp is sharp. I d't have a photo but  is readily apparent if you go re.
The whole street  both sides if riddled wh potholes and broken asphalt.  The whole street needs to be repaved, not just repair and potholes filled.   needs to be fixed correctly in s entirety, because every time  Cy tries to fill a pothole,   very next rain storm,  falls apart again.   ain't right!  Get  De San Diego!
The cy recently fixed Erma Road and East   SR Villages sign  SR Blvd.  but didn't fix all  potholes between Scripps Vista way and Mira Mesa Blvd...
Pothole/sinkhole area in #1 lane  n/b dennery rd across from casoliel apartments
Numerous potholes exist alg Genesee Avenue betwwen Marlesta and Balboa Avenue.  Especially between Boyd Avenue and Balboa.   Especially in  West Bound Lane.    Also ATT was allowed to cut a narrow trench to lay fiber optic cable from ir Linda Vista Central Office, to Balboa Avenue alg Genesee.   Compacti and pavement repair was inadeguate. . resulting in cracking and sinking   paved trench alg  roadway . .. . . .Who is holding m respsible for  inial roadway repair  ir work??  Why were y allowed to do such a sloppy job  roadway repair??  Who is going to require m to properly repair  roadway>>>   Cracked and sunken roadway repairs allow water, etc. to weaken  road and lead to more potholes, etc. .. .Where is  follow up and qualy engineering??? or are cy staff just looking he or way when ctractors tear up our roadways and do substandard and inadequate repairs after y dig a trench  . .???   Do y also look  or way when  is a Cy crew doing  work as well????
3400 block  Argyle St, 92111, ctains many potholes making  difficult for  elderly and perss in wheelchairs to cross  street or get to ir cars parked in  street. These potholes were a safety hazard in May 2013 and have become progressively worse. I have seen my elderly neighbor trip and nearly roll her ankle and fall trying to navigate  potholes in frt  her house. Many surrounding streets have recently been completely repaved. Please place 3400 block  Argyle   schedule to be repaved  mth.
Several potholes after CIP job
Potholes between Aldine and Mtezuma in northbound #2 lane
Pothole across  street from Vs Shopping center going east
Major pothole in  alley behind  address. 's been a problem for years and now 's back again. Please hurry to fix .
Really tired   potholes   street.
Potholes (2)
Multiple potholes. Whole street needs to be fixed.
Pothole is in  northbound lane  Andorra Way, just south   intersecti  Andorra and Madrigal.
Very deep pothole in left lane  westbound Clairemt Mesa.
Two huge potholes are getting bigger everyday. Chunks  road and gravel are now hting parked cars as  ctinues to grow. Thes spot has been patched at least 6 times but  areas around  patches ctinue to crumble apart. These holes are so deep a mor cycle will crash if  hs m!
49th and Federal Blvd
Potholes and uneven road  Rancho Carmel, south  Carmel Mountain Road and North  Evening Creek Drive.
Many potholes and large cracks and entire block needs to be resurfaced. Particularly at  corner  Elliott and Chatsworth.
Road needs to be repaired  is full  potholes and crumbling asphalt.
Clairemt Mesa Blvd has pot holes running almost  length   from Santo east to near  end.  Not ly that but work crews dug up parts and ir fill jobs made  worse.  The road is a hazard to motorcyclists especially, if y do not see  ruts.
PAVEMENT DETERIORATING, CREATING POTHOLES.
Pot hole in street , 36 inches x 8 inches.
The entire street is bad. Pot holes everywhere and is sinking in certain areas. Needs to be resurfaced. Plenty  us in  neighborhood has called several times for years wh nothing de.
Pot hole at stop sign   corner  Brooke's ave and park blvd
Pot hole
Pothole in left lane  northbound Carmel Creek Rd (left side   lane). Just south   Del Mar Trails Rd intersecti.
Potholes
After street was re-sealed,  covers were not replaced  Norstad Street, between Arey drive and Palm Ave.I sent an email several weeks ago about  problem. Some   holes are large and deep.Thanks for  re-seal project.
Large potholes
Bad pothole damaged my rim. Been re for mths. Gives me anxiety when I'm in  area. Please fix.
This whole part  Broadway is a scandal.  Street is in dire need  repaving.
Old patch has raised above roadway, like a speed bump in middle  road.
Sunken rectangular pothole area (poor utily access/repair) across La Jolla Mesa Dr southbound lane, just before (north)  intersecti wh Linda Rosa Ave.Thanks!
The Streets need to be repaved or slurry sealed please.
On Rancho Carmel specifically between Shoal Creek Dr and /f ramps to Ted Williams py  road is very bumpy and re are small potholes.
Carmel Mt. Road needs resurfacing BADLY! Potholes all up and down.
I was driving alg San Pasqual Road  5/5/16 and ran into a large pothole   side   road   curve between Vista del Sembrado and Vento Valle
Quickly developing pothole at previous patch se. Westbound Landis at Utah. Doubled in diameter in two weeks.
The whole street   Ingraham street near ski beach to grand Ave.
One foot Pot hole is getting bigger and deeper every day.  Road is wearing away; lots  loose asphalt/gravel.
Damaged asphalt/road/deep pothole.
NUMEROUS I SAY AGAIN NUMEROUS potholes all alg  street-'s tooth rattling
Our street was paved recently, however a large oversized truck drove   while  street cement/tar was still hardening.  has caused large scrapes/dents/pothole like marks   new street.  needs to be repaired as  street should look brand new.
The whole street needs to be repaved. All  surrounding streets already have been repaved so not sure why  e street was not de.
This secti   street has been blocked f for almost 3 weeks wh ces even though no work has been de.  The previous repair was de incorrectly, and instead  fixing ir work y are just cutting a lane  traffic down  that street.Now, Missi Gorge is backing up for miles in  morning wh commuter traffic from  East County.  This is completely unacceptable and  cy needs to fix  street and open all lanes up again.
Clairemt Mesa, East  I-15, to Santo Road is horribly pock-marked wh multiple deep and dangerous potholes which make driving hazardous and damaging to vehicles.If you could fix as so as possible  would be much appreciated.Thank you!
pothole
Three pot holes
The entire street both ways from  56 to Carmel Mt Drive is filled wh pot holes and have been like  as lg as I've work in  area 5+ years.
Aero Drive, On-ramp to I-15 South, uni between -ramp and I-15 S has raised secti across  width   -ramp.  This seems to be taking a toll  several vehicle's suspensi.
The whole street is messed up.  is narrow and uneven. Parked cars   street makes  so worse to drive   street. Dirt has been a issue running f ors  property.
All  Zi Ave. from Missi Gorge road up to Waring road is in terrible shape......very rough!Many potholes, bumps and ruts. Thank you
Asphalt rising up/cracking.
Beyer Blvd between Palm Ave and Chula Vista cy lims full  potholes.
There are 3 potholes near   street in  area.
3 POTHOLES.
S/B LEFT LANE, POTHOLE
San Dieguo Road from El Camino Real to end  San Diego Cy lims needs to be repaved badly.
Just an awful road, wh many pot holes
Pothole in middle  intersecti
Potholes by state college Alvarado Road  reservoir Drive
Shallow circular pothole, ccrete bottom, about 2 ft in diameter. 50 ft or so south, similar but smaller pothole.
Always have to go around , in left lane in frt  hotel
Horrible potholes and road cdis south  Spring Cany Road,  Sunset Ridge Drive.
Gravel  street crumbling, pipe started to show, very dangerous
 is a large pothole right in  middle   street. I'm afraid somee riding a motorcycle at night w't see  and take a header.
This entire street is covered in pot-holes and patchy asphalt. This road is  absolute worst road I've ever driven  in San Diego.
Promesa Dr East  Promesa Ct was recently repaved; however,  cul-de-sac secti West  Promesa Ct is in much worse cdi wh several potholes and torn up pavement.
2 or 3 big potholes  edge  rodeway.  Inside corner if heading NE  San Pasqual Rd.  Had to replace a tire  my wife's car $235.00.
Potholes everywhere! Please repair Genessee
Zi Ave between Missi Gorge and Waring Road is full  potholes and uneven pavement. My car shakes  entire time I'm driving   road due to uneven paving and potholes. Please please please fix!
pothole
Rough road/potholes
Pothole located   at  College Ave entrance to  gas stati/right turn lane
Pothole   RIGHT LANE  Mtezuma Going East, between Fairmount Ave and Collwood Blvd
STREET HAS MULTIPLE POTHOLES.
Pothole  left lane going north
1 pothole  centerline
Heavily damaged road in need  repair
Massive pothole needs repair
400-534 Uni. Place:  Pothole in middle  road; also 431 Universy Pl. Large 2 inch crack running 30 feet down center  road; and 425 Universy Pl. Large crack running down middle  street; 2 inch high
Large crack running down middle  street; 2 inch high
Large 2 inch crack running 30 feet down center  road
Freeway ex going south center lane potholes and uneven pavement.
Pothole directly in frt  my driveway.
Huge pothole  eastbound Ted Williams Pkwy about 50 yards before entering Poway.
Large pothole in right lane  Del Cerro Blvd eastbound at intersecti wh College Ave.
Pot hole cy
Potholes galore both directis from 56/Ted Williams and Carmel Mt Rd. Worst road ever and been that way for years
Large pothole at 494 Dunemere. Dunemere and La Jolla Blvd.
Huge pothole that can eventually cause damage to all  cars that drive daily through  street.
Pothole  street.
The new speed bumps in  left most lane  I-15 South near aero were a much needed addi. Im glad y were added after  cstructi because im sick  people thinking y can use  lane to pass.
PAVING IS BREAKING UP RESULTING IN A POT HOLE
There is a pothole immediately when you turn to paseo Cevera from paseo mtalban.  The road self is in pretty bad shape as well.
The entire Rancho Carmel Drive from intersectis  Carmel Mountain Drive & Sabre Springs Parkway has several deep cracks and potholes for years!
rancho caramel drive. full  potholes. from saber springs pky to caramel mountain rd
Pot holes in street
Two major potholes left from pipe repair just west  chamoune  redwood street, re are also two elevated manhole covers that are also posied high   same street.  These holes and covers require drivers to swerve into -coming traffic to avoid m.   is a street used frequently by emergency .vehicles
Large pothole at  intersecti  la Jolla village dr and villa la Jolla dr. Third Lane westbound  less Jolla village drive just passed  light stop line.
3 lanes  destroyed road that causes  car to lose ctrol.
Large parts  road missing/ cracked. Very dangerous - much   road needs repaving
Cul de sac is in poor cdi and very near a storm drain.  The street needs to be re-slurried to cover up  exposed dirt.
Potholes just past  turn!!! Been re for years!!!
Whin  last year some cstructi/maintenance took place alg Home Avenue where a strip   southbound lane (between 6" to 2' in places) was taken out   roadway and later filled back wh blacktop when  job was complete. The porti that crosses Gateway Drive   north side  Home Ave is still several inches deep causing an uncomfortable and unavoidable crossing each time as well as unnecessary wear and tear  vehicles. I would like to request that  6" wide strip be filled to be level wh  surrounding street. If possible, furr attenti could be given to some potholes  Home avenue to  south. Thank you.
Out  all roads in  Carmel Mountain, RB and PQ parts  San Diego that we drive,  e secti  Ranch Carmel Drive from Ted Williams Pkwy to Carmel Mountain Road is  worst by far.  I see y tried to patch pieces   recently but  *really* needs to be repaved.  I d't know why  cy decided to repave Sabre Springs Parkway first before  secti.  This secti is horrific.  I hope  can be priorized for a complete re-paving above everything else in  area next time.
Pot hole
Big bump in  middle  lane
PER CONS THERE ARE 3 LARGE POTHOLES IFO THIS ADDRESS
The state   5 south freeway just past  805 spl is ridiculous. Potholes and crumbling pavement everywhere. I drive  road every day and worry about  damage  might be doing to my car. I d't know if re is already a plan in  works, but  needs some serious repair. The northbound 5 in  same area has been worked , so hopefully  southbound is next.
In right lane
Lots  potholes in  high traffic street
Multiple potholes created from buses going to Patrick Henry High School and at bottom  hill.
Many potholes and cracks
The highway road exing from 94E to 15N and 805N is loaded wh potholes and  makes driving  curve very dangerous to 15S.
Piping was replaced, left street wh numerous potholes.
POTHOLE
Numerous potholes and cracks all throughout Villa La Jolla Drive. Potholes that have been filled and refilled wh asphalt ctinue to chip and crack.
Some type cover is missing,  ce has been re for over a year.
There is a rar large pothole spanning  entire lane near where elm and Euclid cross.
Pothole larger than 7" and 1" deep but  looks deeper so people are swerving around .
Pot holes in frt   address going all  way down to thorn.
LARGE POT HOLE
There are potholes and unleveled pavement throughout  whole street.E-mailed: wgefrom@sandiego.gov twice last year in regards to  same request to fix road cdis and never got a respse.Why do some streets around Talmadge area have newly repaved roads but not  street I live in?I pay property taxes for maintenance for El Caj Blvd. Why can't  street I live  have a higher priory?
Next to USD, west  USD Main Driveway and east  Josephine St,   north side   road.
Pot hole in  street. All  or streets got new pavement, except our streets.
MULTIPLE POTHOLES PER CONS
Eastbound  North Harbor Drive, just east  Lanning Road, inside lane
I have lived  Guincho Rd. for 23 years and  road has never been repaved.  We have potholes and cracks    entire road.   would be nice to drive  a smooth road.
PER CONS LARGE POTHOLES ON THIS STREET BETWEEN DARVIEW AND ENTREKEN
PER PD MULTIPLE POTHOLES AT THIS ADDRESS
pothole
deep pothole
several potholes in  s/b right turn lane  Carmel Country Rd, about 100 feet prior to Townsgate Dr.
Many large potholes
Around re,   side driving away from  15, in  leftmost lane, re lies a pothole
In  ex to Via de la Valle from I-5 North, a pothole is in  center   street
pothole

East bound RANCHO Bernardo Road before Pomerado; road needs repair; terrible cdi.
RANCHO Bernardo road east bound.  Road is in terrible cdi from Bernardo Oaks Dr to Summerfield Lane.  Please repair.
RANCHO Bernardo road and Cresta Drive, 92128, road breaking apart, terrible for driving.  Please repair.
Severe pothole ridden pavement going west over  Tecolote bridge toward HWY 5  ramp at Morena MorenaBlvd
Several potholes, dips, uneven roadway in frt  or near The Eco Lube and Tune shop.  This entire block  Aero Drive from Linda Vista Rd/Cvoy Street to Kearny Villa Rd, both sides, is in need  new pavement.  Thank you.
Several potholes in  area.
Poway Rd from Poway to I 15
Pothole   ramp to 805 North from Miramar.
Deep pothole.  About 6" in diameter.
Short pothole  right side  street as approaching stop sign.
Large pothole in  intersecti  28th and Harris. Large chunks  asphalt debris spread across road.
Northbound Genesee, right lane, just before  cdos   right/east.
Miramar going east.  Just past Nobel Drive.  Middle or right lane, not counting  rightmost lane that ends so from re.
Deep pot hole
North east corner Genesee and Mount Foraker
Road (josephine street) ends and intersects wh Mildred st is breaking up into a pothole.
Several potholes in  S/B right turn lane 100 feet prior to making right turn to Townsgate Dr
Potholes
We have multiple potholes  Negley Ave but ne  us know if we are   list for slurry. Thank you so much for your csiderati to add us.
Multiple potholes in frt  our property (5652 Taft Ave.).I cannot posi  marker more precisely;  is not que at  correct address, indicated for our home, above.
pothole
Pothole East bound side  Del mar heights just after intersecti  CARMEL cany road.
large pothole intersecti nautilus st and fay avenue la jolla
Pothole gars water
Muddy pothole in frt  walkway.
Pothole in left lane heading west  Claremt Mesa Blvd just before Cvoy where bulb out in center divider is
Pothole in intersecti  cvoy and Claremt Mesa Blvd in left turn (southbound) pathway
Pothole in west side crosswalk at intersecti  dagget and cvoy. Also remaining porti  dagget is in very poor oci pavement cdi. Likely from semi trucks dropping f cars to  car max  corner
Bad pothole, whole street needs repaving
large pothole center  street between cross street Antiqua Blvd.and Hermanos Road.
from rs rd. to opportuny rd.      many, many potholes,  rough surfaces, north & southbound
There is a deep dip  westbound Friars Road just West  Fent Parkway in Missi Valley that affects at least two   westbound lanes  Friars Road. Every week I drive in that area and  dip is getting worse.  was small in  beginning and now  is much deeper. If  does not get fixed so re might be a sink hole in that area  Friars Road.   very least put up a dip sign for people who do not know about  large dip in  road. There is currently no dip sign warning people to slow down.
Trip hazard, crosswalk west side  intersecti
Previously repaired pothole has gotten deep and uneven. The pothole is in  alley next to my house.
Sorrento Valley Rd between Carmel Mtn Rd and  Coaster stati near Sorrento Valley Blvd is ltered wh potholes and bumps, and needs resurfacing (NOT cold patching).  Very dangerous for bicycles dodging se obstacles when cars are passing.
More  a sinkhole than a pothole in frt  my house.  Needs immediate attenti and repair.
Fill seven potholes.
Tesoro Drive 92128
Lots  potholes from  15 in to Camino Del Norte west.    San Diego
Potholes  Olney St  in north bound lane beginning at Oliver Ave.
More potholes! On Olney Street north bound lane approaching Grand avenue.
Potholes across from 4426 and going north about a hundred yards
Huge pothole
Pothole
Huge pothole near 4004 rosecrans
In  intersecti  Avenida Abeja and Avenida de Los Lobos, a giant pothole is present
Home avenue and Euclid between  94 Freeway and Univeriversy Ave. have seen better days. All alg  thoroughfare, re are very rough patches, potholes, and general disrepair. This is a neighborhood wh a lot  milary and associated motorcycles. For motorcycles, bicycles and any low suspensi vehicle,  road is difficult if not dangerous. Please take a look at  secti  road. Thanks.
When are you going to fix Washingt street after digging  up to repair water and sewer mains??  's nothing but potholes from goldfinch all  way to 8th avenue in  east bound lane.   Seriously???  's e pot hole after anor.  I'd ask my cy council pers but he's too busy running fir his next polical fice.
Large pothole in frt  11348 and 11351.
The westbound secti  Genesse after  163 is in very poor shape. Lots  potholes; surface re-grading is required.
The eastbound secti  Clairemt Mesa Blvd (crossing  805) is in very poor shape. Lots  potholes; surface re-grading is required.
Broken asphalt
Broken asphalt and ccrete near a school
Large pothole in intersecti  La Jolla Village Dr and Villa La Jolla Dr.When driving   right-most west-bound lane  La Jolla Village Dr (NOT  right-turn lane that goes towards  VA Hospal/UCSD), as you cross  Villa La Jolla Dr north intersecti, re is a large pothole (about 2-feet in diameter and 2-inches in depth) in  middle   intersecti.Please fix  large pothole and  various or smaller potholes in  intersecti.  Thanks!
Potholes starting to form again where previous potholes started to form when temporary water pipes were removed from road  Florida St. in crosswalk closest to new paint store.
There is a big dip/hole   right lane   I-5 South Washingt Street ex.Calling David wh questis... 619-299-0677 x3
Asphalt repairs are required   entire block although I'm very ccerned for myself. The joint where  asphalt meets  ccrete sidewalk have eroded and now potholes exist. I fell last night and I'm very upset. My parents are vising in e mth and a fall like that to eir  m could result in an immediate trip to  hospal or worse.
ASPHALT LIFTED BY TREE ROOTS N/B NEAR GUTTER BETWEEN SHOEL CREEK AND THE 56 FWY CALLER FELL FROM BICYCLE AND BROKE WRIST. CLINTON ARVIN 858 694-2732
There are some holes and damaged street, driveway curb and gutter from broken asphalt layers   driveway apr. The hole causes damage when  undercarriage  cars to scraps entering and leaving  driveway. The holes a re nuisance for puddles and debris to collect. Can  be repaired, please?Regards,Vovtarantino@gmail.com
Pothole
Pot holes around  round sewer covers in intersecti & also down e street at intersecti  Royal Melbourne & Shoal Creek Road
There is a large pothole in frt  our driveway ( Mound) that ctinues to get worse and worse.
The street has not been repaved in decades. Parts are closer to a gravel road than a paved e.
Recent cstructi wh trucks moving in and out cstantly have developed some deep lesis that are destroying  shocks in my car.  The right lane going south shows to be  worse.   The left lane in  intersecti northbound at Winecreek Rd and Carmel Valley Rd.  Pavement does not appear to be old however  cstructi has left massive divots making for an uncomfortable drive.
BIG POTHOLE.
There are several potholes as you turn  to Handcock from Sports Arena.
Going south  Ingraham, in both lanes at  light right before getting to  east bound 8 freeway and going straight into Point Loma,  road is very uneven and unsafe.  needs to be smood out.
3in pothole in middle lane reported  May 23 going towards Twin Peaks Road Still not fixed. Was told by Councilman Kersey that  should take about a week. This is almost 2 weeks!Been re since last rain!
Sinkhole @ CYPRESS & Florida.
On  ramp where  road asphalt meets  bridge cement road surface, re are dangerous potholes. These are at both  east and west end roadway   bridge cement. They have been re for over a year and are getting worse.
There is a large open hole in  bike lane near  entrance to our building  West Bernardo Drive.  is a define safety hazard and que dangerous should a cyclist h .
Entire south end   block is a massive, suspensi damaging pot hole.  needs to be repaved.
Damaged road
potholes through out  whole alley
SEVERAL POT HOLES IN MY STREET STARTING FROM THE WEST END UP TO THE EAST END OF THIS STREET.  (LARGE HOLES CAUSING DAMAGE TO THE FRONT END OF MY CAR);
Large pothole  Kemper St (Broken Yoke side  street) before Midway Dr.  Thank you!  DCB
12" x 18" pothole approximately 6" deep
pothole
Pothole
Pothole in street intersecti  Ingraham St and Missouri .South bound lanes.
There is a huge pot hole at  enter secti  park blvd.. and lincoln right where  rapid bus lane is. s almost 1 foot deep. Somee is going to cross at night and get hurt.
Eastbound  just pass intersecti.
Pothole
potholes
 seems like an area   alley behind 4069 Marlborough Avenue is beginning to sink.  is about 3x5 feet in size.
A sinkhole appears to be developing.
Rios street full  potholes
Needs repaving
POTHOLE ON E/B ELM AV
Pothole and damaged pavement at alley entrance
This street is full  potholes and cracks.  has got to be e   worse streets I have come across and sadly  is  block that I live .
DEEP POTHOLE 3X2, CLAIMS A SMALL CHILD OR MOTORCYCLE COULD FALL THRU
Alley east  Utah, between Lincoln and Polk. Entire alley is potholed
Pot hole in  middle   intersecti east bound Clairemt Mesa Blvd @ Cvoy st.
Pothole in  #2 lane in  3300-3549 block  Kettner Blvd.
Potholes in  westbound lane in  3500 block  Keny St.
Pothole in  northbound lane at 3191 Kemper St.
Potholes in  northbound lane in  6200-6249 block  Riverdale St.
Potholes at  beginning   transi ramp from southbound Fairmount Ave to Aldine Dr.
kearny mesa rd, between miramar rd and kearny villa road.  large pot holes all alg  road very hazardous, especially in frt  SaveAuto as you enter from Kearny villa road.
pot hole sunken street east bound lane
This pothole is so large and so dangerous that e   marath runners fell and tripped into  and broke her foot. We need  fixed. 's tough to see in  photo but  is 7 inches across and three or 4 feet lg.
Streets whin  milary housing communy and nearby Barnard elementary school is in very bad shape.  Potholes, cracks, faded striping.  All are cy streets not private roads.
Large pothole near 3539
Large holes and cstant standing water.

There is a large open hole in  bike lane near  entrance to 16550 West Bernardo Drive.  is a define safety hazard and que dangerous should a cyclist h .I filed a report yesterday (Tracking Number 00086193) but  address wasn't accurate.
Pot hole
pothole
POTHOLE
POTHOLE.
asphalt repairs
Potholes are coming back again  College SB right before  8 fwy
 entire road deck is destroyed and breaking down.  hasn't even been swept in more than 3 years.
Potholes and deteriorated street all alg Camino Del Norte starting  I-15 going west and ending at San Diego County boundary .
There's a big dip   125-S Freeway right after  fastpass sensor. This can be dangerous and even cause wear  vehicles at highway speeds.
Several Pot holes have been here for weeks
potholes and cracks  both streets
potholes   5300 block  la jolla bl
Upas from Park to Florida is HoRRiBle!!
test
really huge potholes around  tracks and all  way to Miramar roadBeen re for mths and causing lots  damage
Double potholes across from Roosevelt school fields
Entire gutter in very bad shape  east side  street across from Roosevelt school.
Street totally degraded, water will not go into drain. Car doors will h curb when opened b/c  potholes.
Large pothole in lane  traffic
Chunk  street missing far left hand lane going eastbound.
Middle  street pothole
Pot hole near Ada ramp
Potholes up and down  whole street.
Potholes in  pedestrian path across street.
Various pot holes and uneven pavement.
There is a dip in road that makes cars bottom out,  makes loud noises.!please remove ccrete dip.
Next to Ada ramp
Huge horrible pothole  ex from I-15 South to Aero Drive.
Middle lane, westbound Harbor Drive, between Liberator and Winship
CONSUMER CALLED ABOUT A SINKHOLE IN THE WEST BOUND LANE OF BALBOA AFTER THE CHARGER BLVD INTERSECTION.
Chunks  asphalt missing near curb
test
POTHOLES

All 3 pictures from same intersecti  both side  street
chunks  asphalt missing near curb
POTHOLES
asphalt
POTHOLE
18" square missing asphalt
12" square missing asphalt
evaluate street for repaving
Hole in road at I-15S / Main St ex. The pothole is   left before  making  turn to Main St.
The whole scripps poway pkway from Highway 15 intersecti to almost close springbrook lane has potholes. Please help to fix .
Airway Rd & La Media. Please pay attenti to  potential deadly intersecti. The street Airway Rd. is completely destroy  directi west - east and posses a high risk since all vehicles go to  oppose directi in order to not damage your car tires. When  rains,  is chaotic.  PLEASE pay atenti.
POTHOLE S/B
POTHOLE
Pothole is getting bigger each day.
Regarding repairs being made at 7087 and 7123 Camino Degrazia, San Diego, CA 92111. The landscape open  area to see if involves irrigati.  appears to be in Cy Lines respsibily.  Please inspect as so as possible. Thank you
POTHOLE S/B
Really deep pothole   northbound side  Sanyo ave. near  frt side   Panasic fices.
Two large indentatis  Redwood Street that cause drivers to move into -coming traffic to avoid. A well used road for Emergency Vehicles for Nursing home. Needs immediate repair. In addi, 3 elevated manhole covers requiring drivers to swerve again into -coming traffic to avoid.
ON TED WILLIAMS EAST OF INTERSECTION
Southbound lane has many potholes near  I5-S entrance. Addial potholes at  Dunhill St / Roselle St intersecti.
Huge pothole
Deep pothole
Heading westbound or southbound  N. Harbor Drive just before  light before  commuter terminal
On N. Harbor Drive, heading towards downtown, heading eastbound, just past Laning Rd.  Big pothole in  left lane
potholes all over Tommy Dr from Bisby Lake

Bad pot hole
Poorly patched pothole needs to be fixed including compacted.   is not related to any Water nor Sewer Dept work.
Samantha Ct street is falling apart.The whole double cal-de-sac has residence driveways wh holes in street, very poor patch work, & where  court T's into Samantha Ave is like a cobbleste street.
Pot holes getting worse
Pothole   street

Terrible pothole just in frt   bus stop in  bike lane.
We have not previously reported se potholes because we have been patiently waing for all   street/undergrounding work to be finished so  street can be repaved. This pothole is directly in frt  our house (alg wh many ors) and last night my 14 year old daughter tripped in  and broke her leg.  I'm not sure what  soluti is for areas that are csidered "under cstructi" but can we at least put some asphalt in se so no e else gets hurt.
POTHOLE BY DRIVEWAY
Large chunks  pavement breaking loose, side and middle  road.  Can we get an estimate  when  repairs   road will take place?  The rest  RB seems to be getting attenti - wh surfaces that have less damage.  Thank you.
Road is protruding causing a large bump.
Pothole
POTHOLES MID BLOCK
Potholes

Pothole in #1 EB lane.
many potholes in  intersecti
Deep pothole in middle lane EB Scripps Poway just past Sprinbrook Dr
Pothole
NB Santo from Portobelo Dr to SR52 bridge is full  ruts, potholes and e dangerous speed bump for  motorcycles.
Major tire damaging ruts in  street. Reported many times and never fixed. Multiple locatis from 15 freeway east to Poway cy lims.
Pot hole
Del Mar Heights Road going downhill toward Carmel Cany, multiple potholes exist
POTHOLES IN ALLEY BEHIND ADDRESS
ON GENESEE BETWEEN MARLESTA & & BOYD
large pothole in  middle  castle hills drive between cross streets alta bahia court and vue du bay
Massive pothole in  middle   road at alley entrance
West bound Friars road has a huge dip in all 3 lanes. Dip is just east  River Run Drive.
parking lot  rec. center has many deep potholes...very unsafe for seniors. Thanks
Potholes
Many potholes
Several potholes
Potholes!
Pretty deep sinkhole. Picture doesn't do  justice.
There are two large potholes located in  back staff parking lot   Logan Heights library that are about 2 inches deep and need to be repaired asap.  This is a safety hazard, and somee can trip and get hurt wh se holes.
large pothole in middle lane, eastbound, just after Highland Ranch Road
Please repair pot holes and raised areas in  parking lot  Allied Gardens/Benjamin Library.  This is a tripping hazard, and we have received several complaints that patrs have tripped  se areas.
POTHOLE
Parking lot is in terrible cdi, and we would like to have  potholes temporarily repaired to prevent tripping hazard.
Please patch crumbling areas   parking lot, y are a safety hazard.
2 LARGE POTHOLES IN A CONCRETE ALLEY. CONS  STATES COULD BE A HAZARD DUE TO CARS SPEEDING DOWN ALLEY
MULTIPLE POTHOLES IN FRONT OF ADDRESS
Giant pothole in frt  15175 Andorra Way SD 92129
Freeway road surface has holes that need immediate attenti. I just blew up a tire 2 days ago driving at night when  is almost impossible to see  holes in  road surface and avoid m! See attached photo.This is at  beginning  I-5 Local Bypass San Diego Fwy, San Diego, CA 92121 driving northbound shortly after  Sorento Valley ex, north  Genesee Ave.
Potholes in  eastbound #2 lane at 3495 Sports Arena Blvd.
SANYO Avenue (potholes in  intersecti  Airway and Sanyo Avenue and big pothole just north   intersecti in frt   Panasic entrance.
Cactus Road ( entire road, particularly south  Airway/Cactus) is full  potholes
POTHOLES
POTHOLES WEST BOUND
Potholes  both sides   road (northbound and southbound).
Pothole

Pothole at intersecti crosswalk.
Ctractor working  project  left lane  Aero Drive did not patch holes correctly some dt have enough asphalt  m please address wh ctractor to patch m appropriately and to avoid hazards
Ctractor working  project  left lane  Aero Drive going eastbound did not patch holes correctly some dt have enough asphalt  m   left lane. please address wh ctractor to patch m appropriately and to avoid hazards
Northbound and southbound lanes  santo rd at portobello drive have multiple potholes, major cracks and heaves, and generally very rough asphalt.
This pothole just sprung up today in  street oppose my house.
Pothole in crosswalk, tripping hazard.  NW corner  intersecti.
Huge crater middle  Crad (west side ) at Frank intersecti.
There is  large secti   road maybe 5' x 5' which I believe is turning into a sink hole. Over time  has been getting deeper and deeper. You cannot avoid  in  road as 's hard to see because 's large and if you do n you are   wrg side   road
The holes in Norstad St., that I have reported twice in  past several weeks still exist.These may be ctrol valves or whatever, but y are holes in  St.They are located between Palm Ave and Arrey Dr.  The covers were not replaced after  street sealing.If Cy  crews can not see m, please ctact me and I will point m out.
Multiple pot holes in  intersecti
Large pot holes at intersecti
Numerous potholes in street
s really deep! PLEASE FIX ASAP!
Pothole
Many potholes & uneven pavement   secti  Sports Arena in frt  Target.
Several potholes  westbound SY Blvd from 76 stati to library.
Pothole in intersecti in eastbound lanes.
Large pothole (~2ft diameter) in  intersecti  villa la jolla drive and la jolla village drive. Extremely hard to avoid when turning left to la jolla village drive from southbound villa la jolla.
pothole
pothole at entrance to driveway
Street buckling and cracking
Sewage hole causes axel damages
Pothole at intersecti  Townsgate Dr & Pell Pl. N/B lane  Townsgate
POTHOLE CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE
Pothole
pothole
POTHOLES ON ALLEY
cy or ctractor made hole was not repaired correctly.  There is significant subsidence due, perhaps, inadequate fill, compacting, surface repair . .leaving an approximate 2ft+ by 2ft+ depressi in  roadway.  is locate in  left northbound lane  Linda Vista Road,  Just south  Fult.   as indicated   map
There are two sizable potholes in  middle   street and y are getting larger.
My shock broke because  pot hole
The whole entire street, potholes all  way until youMerge   94 east, isReally bad.
Wheel-breaker at intersecti  Mesa Madera Drive & Red Cedar Drive
In  alley behind  building re is a pothole, cracks, and asphalt repair that has been uplifted.  This creates a hazard and liabily for  cy  San Diego.
5 X 8 SINKHOLE 10' DEEP
Downhill Bicycle Route Pothole 1
Downhill Bicycle Route Pothole 2
Badd Pothole
Parking spot
Small pothole in crosswalk. I'm pregnant and have fallen twice- both times in  particular intersecti.
The cstructi surrounding  Del Mar Highlands Plaza is creating an enormous amount  uneven asphalt, pavement and potholes  Townsgate Drive that have never properly been repaired.  Multiple times throughout  day re are large cstructi trucks driving   road which is resulting in many cracks.  In addi, y are cutting a lot  holes in  roadway that are also not properly repaired which results in more issues wh uneven asphalt.  Lastly, re has been a lot  pile driving which is also creating a lot  damage.  I'm very tired  hting all  bumps and potholes each day to/from work.  I am hoping  Cy or  Owner   Del Mar Highlands will be respsible for fixing  road which have ge to hell in  last 12-15 mths.Thank you very much!
POTHOLE
Ingraham street, both directis, between La Playa and  Crown Point Drive.   Pavement coming apart.  Numerous  chucks  pavement have separated from  roadway, exposing  underling roadway that was laid down before  last repaving   street.   There are hundreds  small potholes   both sides   street from La Playa avenue to Crown Point drive  /  Ingraham Street bridge.    is as if  roadway was not properly prepared prior to laying down a new layer  pavement material, i.e.  overlay was not properly bded to   pavement / roadway underneath.
Potholes up and down  street.
There are numerous places   road where  road has washed away and re is no shoulder at all.  The surface   road is generally in very poor cdi.  This road is an extreme danger--cars are being damaged and  likelihood  a rollover is high wh se uneven surfaces.  This is a major road for getting to  Safari Park from I-15.  This road can be very difficult to traverse in a motorcycle.
There are several pot holes/missing asphalt areas directly in frt my driveway. The area is directly cnected to  gutter. The issue is so severe,  is causing suspensi issues wh my vehicles. Please Please Please help me get  repaired! Thank You Very Much. Darren Stratt
Pot hole in rapid bus lane in  middle  Park Blvd.,   north crosswalk at intersecti wh Lincoln.
Hole in  street 1 foot wide at least 2 foot deep. This is at  se  previous cstructi and road work.
There are potholes that run across  street, from e side to  or.  There are a few  se pothole strips, separate by about 30 feet.In addi, re are some potholes alg side  gutter.
 intersecti  Rancho Bernardo Rd and Pomerado: On Rancho Bernardo Rd heading east, in left turn lane. There are dips in  pavement that feel like potholes. The asphalt sunk or caved in  a hot day perhaps.
Heading north  Paseo Lucido, just past Avenida Venusto: In  left lane, re are pot holes   left side, near  island.
Asphalt where  street meets  gutter is missing/destroyed and is causing damage to my car as I enter my driveway.
STREET SUNKEN.
Uneven transi from ccrete hillside road to Torrey Pines Rd, several pot holes at  end where STOP sign is posted making  difficult to make a right turn from Hillside Dr to Torrey Pines Rd whout scraping bottom  vehicle.  Have seen a large trailer truck get stuck re ce.
Large new pothole  SE corner  intersecti
The pothole   left has an open report #00087402. The e   right appeared today, about 25 feet to  south  . PLEASE fix our street!
2 POTHOLES
Pothole in center  Universy at cross road Brant
MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON THE 6800 BLOCK OF QUBEC.
All alg Camino Del Rio North between Missi Cy Pkwy and Rancho Missi Rd, both east and westbound lanes are ltered wh potholes and uneven asphalt. I have attached a single photo but I have a dozen more from  stretch  road mentied.  is unsafe for cyclist like myself that commute through in  early morning and late evening hours. Cars attempting to avoid  potholes swerve close to commuting cyclist  some occasis. Even wh a proper frt light,  road is still too uneven to ride through safely. My lights have been ejected from  bike multiple times. I have damaged my wheel, received numerous flats, and  will be a matter  time before somee is seriously injured. I am recommending  stretch  road be repaved or resurfaced to cover all   potholes and uneven sectis.
The whole stretch  road between Rancho Missi Road and Missi Cy Parkway has been deteriorating for que a while.   is a main thorough fair for commuting cyclists through Missi Valley.  There already isn't adequate room for a bike lane, and  surface   road is dangerous.
Large pothole in  crosswalk area.
POTHOLE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE STREET NEW SEWER MANHOLE.
POTHOLES MADE DIRECTLY AFTER RESURFACING.
Pothole - intersecti  28th and Harris, middle  street.
Pothole in  southbound lane.
Pothole   transi from westbound West Laurel St to westbound North Harbor Dr.
Pothole in  #1 lane in  400 block  Elm St.
Potholes   west side   intersecti  Fifth Ave and Cedar St.
Potholes   north and south sides   intersecti  1st Ave and Elm St.
Pothole in frt   Mobil gas stati at 9790 Miramar Road
Potholes in  1840-2140 blocks  Smy Ave.
Alley pothole
Potholes   north side   intersecti  Adams Ave and Mansfield St.
Pothole alg  gutter   norast corner   intersecti  Adams Ave and Bancrt St.
San Pasqual Rd is shared between Escdido, San Diego County and San Diego Cy. All  sectis  San Diego Cy are in very poor shape. Lots  potholes are showing up daily here. You can feel and here  sectis  San Diego Cy vs Escdido or San Diego Cy. This is very sad for a main road heading to  Safari Park
The pothole is in  east bound lane  Lister Street
The pothole is in  eastbound lane  Ingulf Street just east   intersecti wh Chicago Street.
There is a large hole after some road work was de.  If  road work is not finished, possibly  hole will be repaired when  is finished.  If not,  needs to be repaired.   is at  north  east corner.
Poor street repair job after water maintenance
Pothole ruts dangerous for motorcycles.
Pothole left turn lane  rancho bernardo Rd  turning left to pomerado. Difficult to avoid car needs alignment now
Potholes  Ollie and Venus street
On Rios Rd, heading east, just after crossing Bernardo Oaks Drive: There is a pothole in  middle   road.
The turn lane from Clairemt Drive to Burgener has a hole that has been re for over a week and is damaging my rims.  Also  turn lane from Field Street to Bergner has a pothole also from repairs to  street recently
Road has multiple potholes, sinkholes.  One area you can see under ccrete slab.
Pothole and lots  cracks   street
POTHOLES
The cy has been repaving streets all around us but y have not paved Summerdale Road which has a good size pothole and y have not paved Westmore Road between Westhill and Camino Ruiz.
Plenty  potholes  both sides  street
POTHOLE ON CLAIREMONT MESA, JUST WEST OF SANTOS, E/B.
Subsidence around earlier repair
Multiple
When, Oh When is College Ave going to be repaired from all  damage that TC CONSTRUCTION has de to College from Universy to El Caj Blvd. The north bound lanes are a DISASTER!!!. Is anye overseeing  mess  behalf   residents??
Potholes in  4450-4599 blocks  Pacific Highway.
potholes,  especially eastbound
Several potholes and uneven paving
Pot hole where pavement changes
Pothole in  middle   street and my own drive way
HUGE dip in  street can cause car damage super busy street
re is a  big pothole in frt  5585 Via Bello that was caused a year ago from  Cy Trucks working in  area.   has gotten worse and starting to deepen and spread.
POTHOLES ALL UP & DOWN THE STREET
 whole street is covered in potholes and right in frt  612 Forward re is a root or something going across  street and has a bump that can knock you f your bicycle. The whole street need to be repaved, not just pothole repair. I have turned  in before y filled about 1/10   hole in  street.This is a busy street and needs to be fixed.
On  north bound side   street in  bicycle lane re are many bumps in  road caused by Torrey Pine tree roots. They are very dangerous especially when y are in  shade   tree. There is an especially bad e near  bottom   road by  last tree   right. 2 or 3 weeks ago came across a guy who h that root and ended up laying in  right lane  traffic  his back. luckily re was no traffic coming by right n or he would have been killed.
I am requesting  2 big pot holes  behind my house be fixed
POTHOLE
2100 brant
Potholes  much  Kansas St.
Looks like soil under is subsiding.
re 's a manhole cover so deep from street surface, 's like a pothole every time my left wheels go over . locati is approximately where Rue Dorleans street  t-bes W. Point Loma Blvd. Please fix.
Road crumbling and leaving large chunks and debris as well as deep grooves where  car's wheels travel.  Seems to be a historically "squishy" spot as  pavement has been fixed numerous times previously (as evidenced by older sealed cracks alg deep grooves).
Cracks all over street. Skateboards, razors and rollerblades catch causing frequent falls.
Actually,  oppose  a pothole. This is a Massive bump in  middle   road, and impossible to see at night. I just bottomed out my Tesla...hopefully not too much battery damage...
pothole is located before stop sign  andorra way and madrigal st.
Street hazard in  middle   intersecti. Please add asphalt to  hazard.
potholes east bound  stalmer
Improperly filled pothole sunk in a few feet north  seven eleven.
Deep pothole  west-bound Laurel St. just before  merges wh N. Harbor Blvd. next to  San Diego Airport.
Pothole wh a sinkhole underneath  in  southbound right lane  Sports Arena Blvd. at Ollie St.
A few mths ago you repaired a water main break and have came out 5 times to re asphalt and compact  area.Unfortunately whin a week  sinks again.This is a safety hazard as  cars pull into  bike lane in frt   daycare to avoid .

POTHOLES
Potholes and uneven road topHad been  way for more than 5 years. You have doing road work in  neighborhood But totally skipped  intersecti  la Jolla village and Villa la Jolla corner in frt   Mobil ststi
Potholes in  northbound #2 & #3 lanes in  4100-4299 block  Pacific Highway.
Potholes in  northbound #2 lane at 3729 Rosecrans St.
Potholes in  westbound #2 and #3 lanes between 3146 and 3220 Sports Arena Blvd.
Multiple potholes in street where people walk a lot. Senior communy and some seniors walk   side   road to avoid  sidewalk/driveway dips.
This sizable pothole is just east   intersecti  La Media Road and Airway Road, right as you're turning into  driveway   right side  Airway Road, you cannot miss . We have tried repeatedly to get  pothole filled and have not had any success.
Large pothole in SW corner  intersecti
Huge deep pothole inside  intersecti as you turn from La Jolla Village Dr to Villa La Jolla Dr. In  right   2 left turn lanes. Been re almost 2 years. Help! Please fix  e! Thank you !
Recently at  locati, trench work was completed by ctractors and y did not fill in  trench after completing  work.  The trench is a narrow e, like for electrical cdu or something similar, but when you drive over ,  feels like a big pothole.  You can see e secti y filled in wh asphalt but  looks like y stopped and never filled  remaining portis that take up about 3 lanes.  There's a lot  work  CMB right now in our communy  Tierrasanta, but I d't think  should be left like .  Thank you for your time and attenti to  matter.
Potholes middle  street
Several potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Cracks
Crack


Cracks in road
Large cracks
Crack


Pothole
Large, streetwide cracks in  asphalt up and down Cloudesly Drive.
pothole
POT HOLE
POT HOLE

Pothole and adjoining cracks
Huge pothole
Cracks in  road wh pothole
Cracks and pothole


POTHOLE
POTHOLE

Large pothole at  west end   west-bound Trolley platform at 35 and Commercial Streets.
In  westbound lane  Corado Ave just east   Saturn Blvd intersecti
Pothole
Sunset Ridge/ Frank Daniel's  pot holes
Sink hole growing. Was just an indent but street has been crumbling  last few days and  street has opened up.
Pothole in  middle  intersecti  Villa La Jolla Drive and La Jolla Village Drive. 3 foot diameter and about 4 inches deep.
1011 camino del Rio s and cross st. Glosae
1 foot diameter pothole that has a large opening and  soil below is being undermined.  Approximately 2 feet deep below  opening.  The edges   asphalt are spalling and sinking.   is at  edge  and existing 20 square foot repair.
Looks like a sink hole.  5 feet from storm drain.
Westbound all three lanes about 2/10  a mile west  Paseo Mtanoso re is a dip/slash sinkhole becoming worse for vehicular traffic.
POT HOLE IN FRONT OF SCHOOL
Lots  potholes!
Entrance to alley is completely worn away and gravelly. Makes turning in  a bike hazardous.
Elevated pothole, warped asphalt. Feels like a violent speedbump
Large pothole at entrance to sports arena.  Anor e farr east in right lane in  frt  Dixieline.
Multiple potholes
Major Potholes at  Corner  Sarturn Blvd turning right and going east  Palm Ave. Please fix because 's really hard   car.
Large piece  broken asphalt   100 block  29th S St
POT HOLE BY #11 BUS STATION AND MOTEL
POTHOLE
Large pot hole
POTHOLES NORTH OF THE INTERSECTION OF 2ND AND BEECH.
Several potholes
pothole @ intersecti




Pothole

Sinkhole in  street
There is a sinkhole forming in  middle   street, and is making  dangerous for cars to drive. ITS HUGE. Please help,  street is narrow enough as  is.
POTHOLES
Straight up deep pothole in middle  street in frt  home.  Part  previous street repair.
MULTIPLE POTHOLES
Dip in street  Friars Road (heading SouthWest about 1/8 mile west  Fent Pkwy intersecti) - dip is getting deeper (maybe future se  sinkhole?) - especially, but not ly, in right hand lane (1  3 lanes) - going 40 mph, you can really feel .
Pothole immediately following left turn from Fay Avenue to Nautilus Street.
Potholes in left turn lane between Islands and Shell.
Rise in seam causing a speed bump and potholes

POTHOLE
pothole @ intersecti

POTHOLE


32nd & f street


several potholes
Pothole  Camino Del Norte in middle lane eastbound approximately 200 feet before  Route 15 overpass
In intersecti
Two large depressis.
pothole
Not closed
College Ave between San Diego State Universy (Alvarado Rd) and Del Cerro (I8 ex ramp north) is in poor cdi in BOTH directis. The street needs to be eir repaired wh several potholes or resurfaced. Please address problem. This is a main street wh access to 2 neighborhoods and a universy campus. Thank you
Pot hole has been filled a few times  or day vehicles were causing  pot hole to degrade and pieces  asphalt were thrown from tires near 20 feet in to my driveway luckily had missed my vehicles. I'm hoping re is a better fix  time than in  previous attempts. Thank you!
Pothole in frt  3551 Garris St.
TONS OF POTHOLES.
Pot Hole
Norast bound Carmel Valley road is a 45 mph road from Camino Del Sur to  intersecti and n 50 mph after  intersecti but  right hand lane,  "through" lane, dips down so badly as  crosses Black Mountain Road that at full speed cars' suspensi bottoms out going through  intersecti.  People who drive through  intersecti  at full speed risk suspensi damage or loss  ctrol.  People familiar wh that area slow down to 15-20 mph below  speed lim to avoid bottoming out.  This isn't a pothole, but  is an unmarked "dip" in  roadway.  I recommend to level out Carmel Valley Road eastbound, or put "dip" signs up to warn drivers.
Where you come out  our driveway,   street, re is a spider web  cracks all radiating out  a hole in  street that needs filling. Our driveway is located just before  intersecti  Soderblom Ave. and Bloch Str. We are a school, a district se Missi Bay Mtessori Academy ( but  is   street)
POTHOLE IN THE ROAD
Pothole in frt  my home and is getting larger as traffic travel's over  daily.
Please fix  whole steel  recuerdo.
Potholes    right and center lanes  when going West/South  Pomerado ( sectis between Kearny Villa Road and Carroll Rd)
Potholes    right  lane  right after you pass  freeway before  traffic light   when going West/South  Pomerado
Hello,I would like to request a pothole repair, which is 3 X 2 in  center   street. Chunks  debris are being kicked about as vehicles go by and striking parked cars.Thank you,Angel Casas619-318-8651
Pothole going SOUTH alg College Ave right across from  new SDSU cstructi complex.
LEFT lane going east  Mtezuma Rd (right pass Collwood Blvd)
LARGE POTHOLE
POTHOLES
multiple potholes  left lanes
Bulging pavement almost broken apart, probably from tree roots.
Couple large potholes. Could be damaging to a rim.

Cracked and potholed streets alg  entire east side   street  30th between Beech & Cedar. Please repair.
Pothole at beginning  left turn lane  Pomerado Road going north, to Nacido Dr.  The roadway was just resurfaced but y left  pothole whout marking 's locati.   least before  resurfacing  pothole had a yellow circle painted around  so motorists could see .
Pothole in  ccrete dip   west side   intersecti  Scott St and Shelter Island Dr.
Bluebird Lane (Alley) between  East Ivanhoe and High Street has several pot holes.  The largest e being near 1245.
This secti  Divisi Street between S 58th Street and Valencia Parkway has several potholes.  The eastbound side   street is in desperate need  repair.  Many people now drive partly inside   center turn lane to avoid  rough strip  road.
I live  Home Ave. since 2002  is very high traffic street, never been fixed, holestreet wh potholes even ramp ex  freeway, I was wdering where our tax mey go?, around  corner no busy street was fixed already couple times, what about main street?
Various potholes,  e is about 2 feet lg and 6 inches wide.  Some   potholes have wires sticking out   ground.
broken ccrete sidewalk
Pothole and pavement issues
Large pothole whin  intersecti
Pomerado Rd from Rancho Bernardo Rd, North until Oaks North Drive
8710, 8711, 8730 Polland, near  polland and alleyway entrances, all have potholes due to AC/PC joint failures
2762, 2805, 2821, 2835, , 2838 Kobe Dr. all have potholes near ir address, as well as  norast and souast corners  kobe drive and kobe place.
potholes  gowdy avenue between russmar and chauncey
potholes  Wandermere between park ridge and golf crest
There are two potholes in  right--way in line wh my driveway.  One has become rubble wh  street base exposed.  The or will be in  same cdi very so.  Really,  whole secti  street in frt  my house needs to be rede.
Throughout  adjacent street  south  sea World Drive  entire corridor has dangerous potholes and cracks.  Pavement cdi is in very poor cdi from Sunset Cliffs bridge to Friars Road.    Please make safer cdis.
Deep pot hole in frt  driveway next to curb s damaging  foundati looks like a bricks under and always wet.
There are several in frt  my house.
In  stretch  road alg Rosecrans between Sports Arena and Kurtz re are several potholes and just overall major damage in  street. I have noticed that  is very rough for  suspensi  a good majory   vehicles that drive alg that road.
Pothole
2 large potholes for a lg time
DEEP POTHOLE
The ctractor that did  resurfacing   road  Old Meadow road did not completely resurfaced  road after y scraped  damaged cemented portis   road.  They just left road in such a very poor cdi that when  rains, were going to have potholes again.   is a very bad/poor job de by  ctractor.  D't hire that same ctract again.  I might say as a taxpayer.
Divisi st.  Natial cy line to 61st street
Pot holes in every edge
Pot holes center   street
Pothole edge  curb
Large pothole from corner to corner
Pothole in frt  driveway
Pothole in frt  driveway
Pothole center  street
Pothole in frt  driveway
Large Pothole in frt  driveway
Pothole in frt  driveway
Pothole in frt  driveway
Pothole in frt  driveway
Pothole in frt  driveway
Pothole in frt  driveway
Pothole in frt  driveway
7920 -7926 address Pothole in frt  driveway
large pothole just before intersecti  westview at compass pt dr
3X6 POTHOLE
Pothole
Regarding  previously reported pothole  incident # 00086188 ,  was closed today June 22, 2016. The pothole has NOT been fixed!!  is   ramp, N/B Ingraham to W/B West Missi Bay Dr.  is where  asphalt   ramp road meets  cement road   bridge over Ingraham. There are bad potholes  both  east and west ends   cement bridge road surface.
Many potholes.  Major tripping hazard alg curb.  Wreaks havoc  right wheel and alignment when two cars are travelling   street.
In  first block  Dunemere Drive west  La Jolla Boulevard re is a huge and growing pothole. In  secd block  Dunemere Drive west  Olivetas Street re are several large disintegrated areas   street where previous patches are failing. Narrow Dunemere is heavily traveled by trucks and cstructi equipmentand is falling apart.
Cy-hired ctractors recently completed a sidewalk job  35th street between Adams Ave and Collier Ave. While  sidewalks look great,  tie-in to  existing asphalt in  roadway fails to meet cy standards, so much so that my neighbor, who shares a comm driveway wh me, cannot pull into his driveway anymore whout damaging  bottom  his car. Per  Cy  San Diego's Street Design Manual, "All streets not superelevated shall be crowned at 2 percent" (p. 115). While I do not have  technical equipment to measure  cross slope at  aforementied area,  cross-slope is undoubtedly greater than 2 percent. During sidewalk cstructi, I requested wh  ctractors to speak to  RE. I was told that  RE was not available and that  issue wh  grade break would be resolved in  coming weeks wh a full roadway rehabilati. This discussi took place weeks ago, and I do not see signs  a pavement project. My request is to take measures to bring  street to standard cdi, at  very least as close to standard as possible. There is roadway work -going   streets nearby, though I do not know if y are AC projects. Perhaps AC work  my street can be added as an addendum em. Best regards,Amanda
Potholes! Potholes! Potholes! :)
Left turn lane going South  Ruffin Rd and Spectrum Center Blvd
Two large potholes at  NE corner /stop sign, 37th & Dwight, 92105
Pot hole   corner  fox and moraga
Pot holes
Pot holes
Pot holes
SINKHOLE SPREADING. MARKED WITH CONES
Many potholes  whole block
Alcacer Del Sol was slurried and sealed last week.  However, re are holes  missing pavement about 3 by 5 inches in frt  house numbers 12519 and 12527  Alcacer Del Sol.  If se are not filled properly, water will get underneath  pavement causing  to deteriorate prematurely.  The area around  hole in frt  12519 shows some fracturing and sinking already.
southbound lane.
Right out from  curb re is a pothole, and  is going to get bigger, as  is a heavily-traveled street.  East bound lane closest to  curb, just 10 feet or so east  10th Ave.
Balboa ave  from Mt. Culebra  to Clairemt Dr  - both westbound lanes
Subject: asphalt holes - W. Missi Bay Dr. Sea World Dr South to  Bridge - all lanes both directis !
POTHOLES, WHOLE STREET
multiple potholes throughout street
Pot hole in middle  Lomica Dr

PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE BEING FORMED ON THE STREET OUTSIDE OF HER HOME.
Numerous potholes
Pothole in alley between beryl and Wilbur
Very large pothole in frt   home. About a foot and a half lg. Few inches deep.
The parking lot has no striping any lger and many unsafe potholes which have caused some pedestrians to trip. The lack  striping has made parking very unsafe as well.
There is a rar large pothole where Abra Drive and Cresta Drive intersect in Rancho Bernardo
Pot  Balboa heading east between Morena and Missi Bay drive busted tire
Since  stretch  Morena Blvd is a major thoroughfare that take vehicles to access Interstate 5 North & South (f Tecolote Rd), while pothole repair maybe a temporary fix for  major stretch  Morena Blvd,  stretch  street area really needs a complete asphalt re-paving ASAP.   is used by tourists (Sea World & Missi Bay, Pacific Beach, etc), businesses & residents.  Thank you.
POTHOLE
depressi in street
Huge pot hole at  intersecti  La Jolla Village and Via La Jolla.
Pothole in  northbound lane in  4500-4549 block  Ruffner St.
Potholes in  westbound lane at 7597 Ray Rd.
Pothole in  northbound #2 lane at 3794 Rosecrans St.
Big pot hole
Pothole in  northbound #3 lane in  3700 block  Camino Del Rio West.
Deep cut, very hard to see coming from uphill. Could be damaging or fatal to an unsuspecting cyclist. On Southbound Linda Vista road almost directly across from Goshen
"THIS IS TEST ONLYAbily for users to select ctacts in salesforce to add as CC or BCC:1.	Currently  Standard Salesforce service cloud, when users try to add ctacts in CC field system will show up ly uses in Salesforce look up.2.	Users will be able to type in  email address for CC."
The street in frt  our house has been cracked for some time and today a pothole has formed wh large chunks  asphalt actually flying out   hole every time a car drives over . Several  se chunks h my car as  was parked   street.
pothole - entire street needs work as well
Several potholes  westbound SY Blvd from 76 stati to library.
San pasqual valley rd (road past orfila winery, used to get to sd zoo safari park) has numerous potholes and damage to  road self. We live in RSP  Eagle Crest golf course. Dangerous. Please coordinate cy & county parts   road for csistent repairs before more accidents occur.
several small to medium size holes  westbound San Ysidro Blvd from  westernmost driveway   76 gas stati to about  level   building next door.  s   lane nearest  sidewalk.
  edge   left hand turning lane from eastbound San Ysidro Blvd to E. Park Ave re is anor e.
 entire cul de sac is damaged wh rocks and cuts everywhere.  This is a hazard and que frankly an eyesore.  I previously submted a report   wh pictures, case 00089182.   received a respse saying  case was closed because no e could find  damage.  Please have m call me when y come out and I will show m  problem.  Crews are still working in  Scripps Ranch Area.   street is listed as bad   cy streets.
Roadway disintegrating
Two pot holes
 appears a hole was filled wh fresh asphalt but had sunken to deep somee's car will be imminently damaged.
Sewage pipe above ground mid-intersecti Florida & Howard
Large pothole at La Jolla Village Drive and Villa La Jolla drive as you start to go up  hill to Villa La Jolla Drive to  VA.  Pothole is located in  middle at  bottom   hill and you need to go into  next lane to avoid .
POTHOLE
Pothole
cracked street and potholes
The pothole is in  street in frt  and about two feet south  6368 Boulder Lake Ave. just a few feet north   e that was recently patched.
pothole  intersecti  Friars Rd. & Ulric St.
in  alley behind 4337 Idaho St
Sink hole is developing. Not sure how deep.  six inch circle at surface.  Southbound Black Mountain Rd. Next to bike lane.
pothole that blew my tire  June 21, 2016, ~9pmintersecti  La Jolla Village Dr. and Villa La Jolla dr
2 P/HS  IN WB #1 LANE. ASPHALT SINKING
Right before  dips  each side  pavement is coming up and creating pot holes. The width   dips   road.
Paseo Lucido from Bernardo Heights Parkway to Camino Del Norte is in terrible cdi, could be csidered unsafe for driving, especially when children are leaving school and cars are trying to dodge  potholes, torn up sectis   street.
MASSIVE and sudden drop. This is beyd a pothole  looks to be   verge  becoming a sinkhole.
pothole in frt  6320 Eider St.
South and north bounds lanes are riddled wh potholes  Regents Rd
Two giant potholes in  intersecti villa La Jolla Dr. and  is a lLa Jolla Village Drive
Pothole
Pothole
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
POTHOLE






souast corner


near train tracks.


The streets were just repaved and  access hole cover has come f and was broken. There is now a hole in  middle   street. The broken cover pieces are by  cub so that people d't drive over m.
Ever deepening pothole has been here for mths. Wrecks my car suspensi
Sink hole
This secti  Redland Rd is an embarrasment. You have a ccrete street wh a very poor layer  Asphalt patching what was ce a lift due to tree roots. This should be properly fixed.
Major potholes
POT HOLE ON W. CEDER ST IN THE EAST BOUND LAND COMING FROM THE PACIFIC HWY INTERSECTION.
ENTRANCE TO ALLEY
pothole at entrance to alley
(Pomerado Road, going North, left turn lane to Nacido Dr.).
tire damaging ruts in  street. Reported many times and never fixed. Multiple locatis from 15 freeway east to Poway cy lims.
CUSTOMER STATES THERE IS A LARGE POTHOLE ON THE STREET OUTSIDE OF HIS DRIVEWAY.


POTHOLES IN FRONT OF 6320 EIDER ST
Pothole transi ramp from 52 West to 5 South
two large potholes traveling westbound el caj bl 4800  block

On  westbound side (inside lane)  El Caj Blvd, a ltle before cross-street Estrella Ave,  lane is dangerously uneven and dips very low in 2-3 locatis.   looks like a repair job was de in  street and  repair to  road was not de correctly.  Please have  secti repaved and corrected.
Reference incidents #s 00086188 & 00089464 which have been closed or crews were unable to locate. Problem still not fixed. On  RAMP N/B Ingraham to W/B West Missi Bay Dr. Where  asphalt road   ramp meets  ccrete roadway   bridge (over Ingraham) re are lg potholes. These are at both  east and west ends   ccrete bridge roadway. Because   danger I am unable to provide pictures but have included a grab from Google Earth wh  area circled.
Recurring pothole/ resurfacing issue at  intersecti in Mira Mesa communy.  (Camino Ruiz & Westmore Road) When raining/or near by irrigati runf occurs - causes large puddle to pool at intersecti and across lane.
POTHOLES
Utily company recently dug trenches at  intersecti and left  pavement severely uneven in several places.   is a safety hazard because  area  work covers a large part   three way stop intersecti where drivers trying to avoid potholes will not be able to stay in ir lane safely.
Pothole located at  western end  Bougainville Road
Damaged ccrete alley was temporarily repaired wh asphalt in 2015, wh statement that  ccrete would be de at a later date.  As  is now getting worse than  was before due to trash trucks etc driving over  repair numerous times a day, request  permanent repair be expeded.  My tenants are ccerned that  is damaging ir cars.
Pothole
10 inch wide and 6 inch deep pothole
Pothole 12" wide and 5" deep
Multiple pot hole located  street.
Crossing at Hickman Field and Copley cover in potholes.
Potholes up entire street
Alamo Dr. meets Vigo Dr. to Universy Ave, has major decay from heavy flooding. Every or street in  area has been resurfaced. Some houses have a 3 foot gap between driveway and street pavement from decay.
The asphalt repair across Kristen Glen just south  Old Stefield Chase has sunk creating a dangerous cdi for vehicles and bicycles.
POTHOLE AREA SINKING ON BIKE LANE
 asphalt is very uneven and VERY hazardous to motorcycles. I've almost wrecked a number  times, even when going slow. - 's  ram from Friars W from 163 N
Pot hole in frt  prop
Pot hole in frt   address
Big hole outside our house  Mabel lane (our address is Eads....but house faces Mabel bell lane. Hole has been re for years. Ltle kids and older people always in danger walking by or leaving our house.Please fix!!!!!!!!
POT HOLE
Pot hole in frt  kindergarden and school
Very deep pothole running across (North/South) B Street in between 19th Street and 20th Street.   has been re for over e year, is inches deep, and impossible to avoid.
I submted a request before and I did notice yesterday morning that half   dozen potholes were filled but what about  or half? On my return home last evening I h e big e and flatted both  my tires at  same time, n flatted again shortly after not too far down  road because  anor pothole. The first impact nearly threw me f my bicycle, I thought I was h by a vehicle. Please complete  request by resurfacing or filling up  rest   potholes.
New pothole in SB La Jolla Shores, between s intersectis wh Naga Way and Ruette Mte Carlo
POTHOLES
Multiple potholes and asphalt degrading  Sunset Cliffs Blvd. southbound lane between Maco St. and Ladera St.
POTHOLES
pothole near adjacent to crosswalk
All  28th Street underneath  Highway 94 overpass is a rutted, potholed, teeth-rattling mess.  There are huge potholes everywhere, impossible to avoid.
street repair
street repair
Numerous pot holes alg  street, many 3-4" deep.  Loose pieces  asphalt chunks are projectiles when cars drive over m. We walk re every day and do feel safe wh all  huge chunks  asphalt in  road.
Potholes  bridge
Several large potholes  Flanders Drive between Westhill Drive and Greenford Drive.


Pothole



pothole @ intersecti
many potholes
pothole
POTHOLE
pothole @ southwest corner
A large pothole in  westbound right lane  Sports Arena Blvd in frt  Pier 1 Imports
major cstructi  rosecrans for more n 1 mile
Multiple potholes.
Pot hole adjacent to newly installed manhole cover
Growing pothole middle  northbound el Camino real at East San Raphael
Cracked street wh several potholes.
Pothole near stop sign.

Uneven street. Please repair.
Large pothole in frt   driveway.
Multiple potholes.
Pothole in  number 3 lane  EB Mira Mesa BLVD. Just past Parkdale Ave.
In  intersecti, many potholes

POTHOLE, LEFT TURN LANE.
POTHOLE ON THE EAST BOUND LANE OF W. MISSION BAY DR PAST THE QUIVIRA ACCESS RD.
Referred from waste water says sink hole forming

The new slurry seal is great in most places.  However, in several places in  bike lane,  has ripples like a washboard, especially between spindletop and ragweed streets  Park Village eastbound.  This will cause cyclists to avoid  bike lane and move into  travel lanes, which is not safe.
Bad spots  Alvarado Rd near college ave

Middle lane  Balboa Ave going EAST, bump   lane were  meets wh Viewridge Ave. Please repair, re should not be a BUMP re. Thank you
Many potholes  28th, under  94 bridge.
Fairmount Ave going SOUTH is NOT in good cdi. All 3 lanes are very roughed, wh cracks and bumps. Please repair. Thank you
re is a small triangular manhole cover in  middle  Weller Street (about 2/3   way up  hill from Robbins St. (approximate address locati is 7057 Weller St, San Diego, CA 92122 )The ccrete surrounding  has broken loose. Cars are always dodging  protruding chunks  ccrete, and I've seen ors do  same
Sharp edge pothole left from cstructi after speed bump
94 east to 15 north  ramp bridge is peppered wh potholes
Leftmost lane
Three potholes in  viciny   e need filling
Two large potholes near zoo hospal
Pothole at crown point dr and Lamt that popped both my bike tires leaving me stranded

In left turn lane
West bound El Caj Blvd at Texas street intersecti.The pavement is buckled by heavy buses! And also pot holes are forming.  's a cause to car damages. Needs to be fixed !
Potholes in intersecti  3rd & redwood
Lg open hole alg west edge  3rd avenue between redwood and quince in bankers hill. Que rough for cars.
The original order that I put in had  incorrect address. I replied to  email after  was marked closed but  order was never moved back to in progress.From Original"There is  large secti   road maybe 5' x 5' which I believe is turning into a sink hole. Over time  has been getting deeper and deeper. You cannot avoid  in  road as 's hard to see because 's large and if you do n you are   wrg side   road"UpdatesThis secti has now turned into a reverse speed bump. Basically s kinda like a launching ramp.
Whole stretch  Taylor St. from 4300 to east is in bad cdi.  Previous report  4/7/2016 Respse # 500000135879 was ignored.  This is e   worst stretches  cy street wh many tourists travelling.  What kind  impressi does  leave about San Diego.  Next step is to ctact councilman as to your lack  respse.
Potholes in right hand turn lane and beyd
There's a huge pothole in middle  road.
The street is being re-surfaced in my area.  The repair crew said that  problem area @ 4365 & 4361 Argos Dr. has not designated for repair by  Cy Inspector. 's a low spot that's been eroded by moisture & standing water from  entire neighborhood, since re is no drainage in  immediate area.  The street level is approx 2-3 inches below curb level.  Even at 10a.m.  a sunny day like today, re's an inch  standing water ( gets higher.)  Throughout  year 's a problem &  breeds mosquoes in  summer.  A slurry seal ale, will not fix .  I ask that  Cy inspects  problem for repair prior to applying  slurry so that Cy mey is not being wasted.  Feel free to ctact me in pers or by phe & please leave a call-back number if I am not available to speak wh somee "in pers."  Thank you.
lareg potholes infrt  5167  and  5145  hilda rd
Pothole in  northbound #1 lane in  3100 block  Broadway.
This block is a ctinuous series  potholes and bad repairs
Not necessarily potholes, but pavement is broken and deeply rutted.  Potentially dangerous for cyclists and motorcycle riders.
large pothole in southbound side.  left side  right lane if I recall correctly.
In  alley between Illinois and Ohio, near  north end where  alley forms a T wh Madis, your crew did patchwork several weeks ago near  first and secd phe poles going south but stopped short   area around  third pole where re are deep ruts and potholes. Also,  patches missed 2 potholes previously that were directly adjacent to  patches. Please finish  repairs needed in se parts   alley.  Thank you.
New pothole in SB La Jolla Shores Dr., near intersecti wh Biological Grade.
Pothole  Morena north, at  intersecti  Gesner West, towards right side if coming from Gesner.Also, a whole string  potholes  Gesner East between Morena and Chicago, and e, I think  west directi in re somewhere.  Probably at least a half dozen.
Growing larger pothole in intersecti  La Jolla Village Dr and Villa La Jolla Dr. When driving   right-most west-bound lane  La Jolla Village Dr (NOT  right-turn lane that goes towards  VA Hospal/UCSD), as you cross  Villa La Jolla Dr north intersecti, re is a large pothole (now about 3-feet in diameter and 2-inches in depth) in  middle   intersecti. Please fix  large pothole.  This was last reported  06/06/2016  Service Report 0085906 which was closed  06/17/2016 wh no reported resoluti.  Thanks!
large pothole  Zi at Clara Lee.  nearly caused my vehicle to loose ctrol.  Multiple potholes  whole stretch  Zi between Waring Rd and Missi Gorge.  multiple areas  poor repairs from under grounding causing pot holes.
Asphalt probably buckled due to root intrusi, terrible for n-mountain bikes.
This pothole is  highway 5 south in  far left lane just to  right   solid yellow shoulder line, under  Missi Bay Drive overpass.
This pothole is  highway 5 south in  far left lane just to  right   solid yellow shoulder line, just after  sign that first notifies  upcoming Balboa and Garnet ex.  is about a quarter to a half mile north   actual Balboa & Garnet ex. The ic   map may be a b f because re are no landmarks   map to help pinpoint furr.
beat up A.C. wh POT hole
we have had a ctinuing issue   street directly in frt   storm drain in frt  my property.  We have had a persistent pothole that has been filled many times.  Recently  street was resurfaces.  The hole has again emerged through  new surface and cracks are forming outward to a distance  about three feet.  In addi  are appears to be areas  dampness around  hole although no pooling  water appears.  I am ccerned that some form  underground leak is occurring in  viciny, not actually from  storm drain as  is dry but perhaps some or underground water line that is creating  going issue.
Entire secti  street has decomposed.
Pothole  north west turning lane.
Two massive potholes in  middle   road. Unsafe for cars and pedestrians (no sidewalk available)
Multiple pots holes alg Colusa
This is to let you know that re is a large, dangerous pot hole in frt  my home, which gets larger and deeper everyday.  We live in  +55 Oaks North Senior Cizen Communy in  Rancho Bernardo area  San Diego.  Somee may trip or turn an ankle due to .Our address is:12886 Camino de la BrecciaSan Diego, CA 92118phe:  760-532-0924cell:  760-532-1212There are eight senior villas (2 buildings.  4 uns) that live  eir side   street where  pot hole is located.Anything that can be de about  street repair would be greatly appreciated!SincerelyCarole and Gary Fultz
Potholes   Southwestern side   intersecti  Le/Hollister
There is a large pothole between  driveways  5611 and 5623 Brunswick Ave.  The residents cars bottom out going into and out   driveways due to  large pothole between   homes.  Please repair as so as possible.
The entire block  Antrim Way is in need  maintenance.  Cracked pavement and pot holes.  This has been an issue for some time and I have been told by or residents that ir requests are being ignored.  The ware and tear  our vehicles is becoming apparent.
Giant pothole middle lane going toward  15
Pothole  Scripps st at  Governor intersecti
 abuts  crosswalk  Avenida Abeja when coming  from Bernardo Center Dr.  is just before  leftmost lane that goes up  hill
In  eastern side   intersecti  Navajo Rd and Lake Murray, in  east bound #1 lane (closest to  median)  Navajo Rd re is a deepening depressi which is becoming a pothole
Pothole at Lamas Street intersecti
This is e  several pot holes needing repair  our street.  On June 9th re were many potholes filled but several were left unfilled.  Our entire communy has  new slurry seal except our small segment  street.  This is very upsetting.  Our street is  original cstructi.  I am requesting our street be overlaid ASAP!!
Alg Macaulay street to Plum st to Lowell re are so many potholes. I drive  route daily and  is severely damaging to cars. I would much appreciate  cy fixing se up.  almost seems like  street would need a whole repair as  is so bad.Thank you.
A couple  very bad dip/depressi/potholes in  road right before you turn left, enough to make your car lose ctrol. Very dangerous.
Many potholes in left hand turning lanes from clairemt Mesa Blvd to Ruffin Rd
Not sure if  classifies as a pothole issue, but  round metal sewer cap (?) in  middle   street is loose/doesn't f properly and bangs loudly when cars run over .   is in  middle   street at Warden Lane and South Chevy Chase, San Diego, 92127.
New pothole  CLairemt Dr  south side first block past Balboa.
The entire stretch  Rancho Carmel Dr is in a terrible cdi.
POTHOLE IN SOUTH BOUND LANE ACROSS FROM JACK IN THE BOX.
Pothole in  N/B lanes  3919 Townsgate adjacent to  library
Recent unfinished road work left 4 inch wide 3 inch deep gutter in cross walk running north south entire width  Universy. Hazard to bicycles, pedestrians, motorcycles.
Open street
Cracked street
Potholes and crumbling street. The entire block  Elliott street starting at 3602 Elliott.
Pothole
entire street tretch filled wh potholes
raised bulging asphalt infrt  address
Manhole cover badly exposed corner  B and 19th.
Multiple bumps and potholes. Very dangerous for cyclists in particular
Pothole is  Morena northbound, just at  place where ccrete  bridge over Balboa changes to asphalt.
8inch high break in ccrete..  twilight last ne running through  alley i tripped and broke my arm... Calling lawyers to see if res a lawsu or not
Several potholes
There are four or five large potholes in  southbound lane  La Jolla Shores Drive just south  Shellback Way. They are growing daily wh all   summer traffic.
A large vehicle transporter just came into our cul de sac and did a very sharp turn, tearing up  slurry seal very badly.
Street is sinking in  hole  Mtezuma going East.
2 inch deep, 3 foot lg.
2 inch deep. 2 foot lg.
4-5 inch deep, 18 inch lg tire eating mster.
Bike eating asphalt failure in bike lane.
If we catch m early, y d't grow.
Not que a pothole but  steel plate over  intersecti  Universy and Park Blvd is working self loose.  Placed re, I believe by your ctracted water pipe replacement company
Collapsed pavement in very center  intersecti  Robins & Vermt, likely due to water pipe replacement project. The actual pothole is walled f by 4 UNLIT barriers, creating a hazardous suati at night.  has been  way since Friday.
potholes are really bad and y keep patching m up and y keep opening up
Our cul--sac has had a recurring pothole. The current e (see photos) has been here for mths.  is right behind several driveways. About 3 mths ago  was repaired, but  did not hold. After just a few days  pothole reappeared. Interestingly, around  same time, most   streets in our neighborhood were repaved, but not ours. Somehow our cul--sac was skipped, while we desperately need ! The asphalt  our ltle street is a mess.
The alley between Ariza St and Hamilt, running from Meade to El Caj Blvd, needs to be graded and repaved.  The cdi requires more work than just filling pot holes.

POTHOLE, STREET SUNKEN
Broken pavement, I believe re are utily wires under re
Going south  Santo Road, in s intersecti wh Clairemt Mesa Boulevard, is a group  three utily-type covers that keep sinking deeper and deeper into  pavement, threatening to break  axle  any vehicle that drives over m.
On  bike lanes  Scripps Ranch Blvd from  intersecti  Affiny Ct to Mira Mesa Blvd,  asphalt is very chipped wh ruts that make  stretch  road surface very dangerous for cyclists to use; I use frequently and are very afraid that my tires will catch in  ruts and toss me f  bike and as a result I could suffer grave injuries.  Over  past few mths I've noticed that  cy has resurfaced Scripps Ranch Blvd up to south  Mira Mesa Blvd as well as resurfaced Erma Rd.  This secti  road has not been touched and since  falls below  SRV North boundary  associati stops resealing just north  that intersecti.  A zoom in  google maps using  "earth" clearly shows where  boundary lies for SRV North and where  cy respsibily resumes.  Request your assistance.  If needed I can subm pictures.
POTHOLE IN STREET
Truly huge, deep pothole that has been re well over a year, maybe lger.  's almost unavoidable when turning from  right   two left-turn lanes from La Jolla Village Dr to Villa La Jolla Dr.  PLEASE, please fix .  Huge danger, causing cars to swerve in  effort to miss .
The is  secd request for  service.  A couple weeks back, a cstructi crew did work  Clairemt Mesa Boulevard adjacent to  Tierrasanta Rec Center and Luran Church.  They left an open trench through  bike lane and travel lanes.  Part   trench was filled but most   was not.  's a large hole to travel over wh a car and could cause damage over a period  time.  Plus 's just bad workmanship to leave  unfinished.  Please have  crew finish  trench fill wh asphalt.
There is are 2 asphalt patches that sunk in when a trash truck drove over m  morning. This has created a large mound  asphalt and sand. (see attached picture).
Frtage street is riddled wh potholes. These are just few shots. Lots  seniors walking/driving  street. Thank you for helping wh se.
Several medium sized potholes  Mtezuma Rd going EAST towards Collwood Blvd. Please repair thank you!
Via del Norte (east  La Jolla Boulevard) is an absolute disaster and embarrassment.  There is not just e pothole, but entire "channels"  potholes.  You have to see  to believe !  Via del Norte (east  La Jolla Boulevard) needs to be re-paved in s entirety.  All   neighbors (for whom I speak) would be very grateful for your attenti to  lgstanding problem.
Both east and west lanes  Howard between 30th and 805 freeway are heavily potholed.  This is a hazard to bicyclists.  This is my secd report.   has not been repaired.  Please ctact me to discuss .
There is a pothole which is a hazard at  locati.
Center lane, westbound N Harbor Dr, 30-40 yds west   Coast Guard base entrance.2 foot wide hole, 8 inches deep - a real tire-smasher - PLEASE FIX THIS ASAP!!THXX!
Lower end  Gesner St cracking wh several potholes
Pothole in  middle   street in frt  Lopez & Ss  64th street.
There is a pothole  Ltlefield in  middle   road. Just next to my house. My house is   corner or Ltlefield  and Goldfield.
Pothole
Pothole in alley
The cdi   road from Enrico Fermi Drive to SR54 is riddled wh holes, uneven, and severely damaged surfaces that are causing damage to my suspensi.
Ck status  Report # 00083076
Large pothole in right lane  La Jolla Village Drive at Villa La Jolla entrance to UCSD.  Has been fixed and is now back and much larger.  Danger caused by cars swerving to avoid .
La Jolla:  Neptune Place, corner  Gravilla St:Chric water draining to street into large pothole, undermining asphalt at storm drain, covering sidewalk w/ water.  Daily problem for drivers & pedestrians.Neighbors, drivers, walkers & visors request a fix ASAP -- THANK YOU
POTHOLE, PER UNIT 689A
Alley between Niagra and NewportAnd between Sunset Cliffs Blvd and Cable prevent speeds in excess  a "crawl" due to multiple potholes and vastly uneven surfaces.
Pothole growing in size  WB Zi Ave. Between estrella ave. And clara lee ave.
Multiple potholes just as e gets   ex
Missing Gaslamp street plaque.

Camino delRio between Ward and Qualcomm/texas needs work ASAP
On north side  Madis in right lane near curb a few car lengths east  Texas Street.
SDG&E HAS A MANHOLE ON THE SIDE OF HILLSIDE DR THAT BADLY NEEDS THE ASPHALT SURROUNDING IT TO BE FIXED.  WE COULD FIX A PATCH AROUND THE MANHOLE, HOWEVER, THE REST OF THE STRETT IS STILL AN ISSUE AND WE THOUGHT WE WOULD GET THE CITY INVOLVED AND HAVE A JOINT EFFORT IN FIXING IT.  WE FEEL IT'S BECOMING A SAFETY HAZARD.
Addreaaia 16753 Meandro Drive, wh potholes all up  street edge.
About a 3" depressi located in just  right place to cause a bicycle rider or walker to fall.Located in  Park Blvd roadway at Spalding Place.
Unavoidable and large pothole that really messed up  frt end  my car   way to work  morning! Middle lane westbound, approx. 2' square pothole.
Missing asphalt  street alg norrn curb  A St from 7th to 8th
On side going toward Bernardo Center Dr., just after sewer and shortly before crosswalk
On side going toward Avenida de Los Lobos, many lg narrow potholes
pothole at curb. spider web breaks in blacktop
hole in street in frt  house
pavement a web  broken street. e hole
hole in street in frt  house
2 holes in street in frt  house. This street is used by so many cars,  is worn out!
in frt  house
Deep pothole in center lane going. West down  hill between Frankfort and Erie Sts.
SEVERAL POTHOLES THROUGHOUT STREET
 is a pothole 30"30" .  is about 15' west   street sign
Pothole in intersecti
Potholes and SUNKEN asphalt sectis  Catoctin Dr near  school and park
Potholes and SUNKEN asphalt sectis  Catoctin Dr near  school and park
Going EAST On Mtezuma Rd, several sectis   late lane have NOT been appropiately filled and are uneven asphalt. Thank you
Over 50 potholes between Veterans Village and Spawar  Pac Highway
This is what my street looks like. Please help
In left lane
Large pothol  Zi ave east  Clara Lee in westbound lane near turn lane
Street needs repair














On  freeway entrance to  5 south  Bost ave re is a very large pole hs both tires can't really get around .
One  three near intersecti. Please repair.
Two  three near intersecti. Please repair. Dale & Beech.
Please repair.
Rancho Bernardo Dr. from Hwy. 15 eastward to 12800 Aldra is in terrible disrepair. From Bernardo Oaks to 12500 Rancho Bernardo Rd.thre are lg ctinuous deep cracks and potholes that need some prompt attenti.Bernardo Heights north and south at Rancho Bernardo Dr. has been resurfaced, but nothing has been de  Rancho Bernardo Ddr., which is in much worse cdi. Please csider doing  very large task. The street handles a huge amount  traffic every day.
Multiple potholes in frt  house
Pot holes north directi side  road
Sink hole forming around man hole
The 7200 block  Mohawk has a huge pothole as you are approaching  stop sign traveling east.   is dangerous because people speed down  hill and h  dip which has sent some cars through  stop sign.  If you turn right to 73rd from Mohawk re ss anor pothole that is deep.
The entire length  Poway road from I-15 going east to  Poway cy boundary line is a terrible stretch  road in both directis.  is full  potholes. Maintenance is obviously overdue for  main thoroughfare into, and out  Poway. Please assess  roadway and come up wh a plan to repair/replace  damage. Thank you
All 4 spots in  picture
Sharp edge lengthwise spl in East bound lane, unsafe for motorcycle
Whole line  potholes before  driveway
Pothole and cracking   street in frt  3582 Garris
Several bad pot holes at Santo Road and Portobelo.  Can be dangerous in places.
Severe pothole in southbound lane near double yellow line.
There is a large pothole in  street.  has caused several people to trip.   is directly in frt  my business. One  my guests fell and injured his knee.
Large pothole  Mansfield at entrance to alley. Still present after or potholes   street were filled.
Potholes
Multiple potholes  Bost ave before freeway  ramp
Large pothole in middle  intersecti. Norast quadrant.
There is a huge hole in  middle   road that is hard to see until you're almost  top  .
Pothole at  entrance  Park Mesa Way, not too big should be easy to repair before  gets bigger.
When entering Playmor development f  Bernardo Center Drive.  The cross streets  Timaru Way and Fairlie have a build-up  asphalt that has created a very large bump in  road.  Also all  roads and parking spaces need to be repaved.  This is a 30 year old development and needs new asphalt.
Huge pothole that has  potent i to damage my vehicle.
Our street needs to be resurfaced.    has not been resurfaced in all  time that we have owned our home (since 1992).  The streets cnecting to  have ALL been resurfaced (numerous times) and  people  those streets use our street as a through fare.    Torrell Way is scheduled for resurfacing  coming week and Santa Arminta was de last mth.
Pothole 2 lane

Pot hole  brige
Large pothole   edge   street in frt   driveway at 4810 Marlborough Drive
Area  street that was apparently dug up was not adequately repaired wh asphalt, leaving ruts in that area.
Large holes and dips in  eastbound lane  Broadway starting near  intersecti and ctinuing down  hill to  94 entrances.
Potholes and uneven asphalt.
Potholes and uneven asphalt.
LARGE POTHOLE ON  S/B TEXAS

Ts  potholes. Re-paving is probably  ly soluti
POTHOLE

You win, I will stop asking to have  holes  Norstad St. wh  missing metal covers that were not re-installed after  street paving.  I have been asking for over two mths, via email and  "solve all problems" app. Apparently no e can  find Norstad St. are  holes.I w't bor you again.
There are several bad potholes alg Airway road in frt   address.
Fill some   larger holes in  alley.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Pothole & uneven road
There are several potholes at  traffic signal at 55th and Remingt Rd.
W/B ON GENESEE, JUST BEFORE I-5. POTHOLE
Pothole near curb/driveway makes  difficult to wheel down garbage/recycling bins. Can  potholes be filled in?
This street has very deep potholes that need to be fixed ASAP. Thanks!
smaller potholes still need to be filled
POTHOLE
In  middle   road,   right side   road when approaching missi gorge from Zi.
This pothole is about 15" X 7". The pothole is right next to a round metal access plate and  is located   South-West bound side  Dennery Rd. when traveling towards Palm ave. intersecti.  The locati is between Regatta Lane and Sand Star (street sign), which marks a newer street going into  fairly new cdo complex.    Note: For a more proximate locati, between Regatta Ln. and Sand Star re is a service driveway.  This pothole is located closest between  service driveway and Sand Star (St., Ave., Ln., not sure what  is).  Thank you, Alicia
POTHOLE E/B
The entire street needs to be paved, but in  meantime re are potholes   street that need to be filled
eastbound land  Aero Drive and aero Court right at  traffic signal stop, re is what looks to be unfinished cstructi   road that when driven over, feels like a deep pothole.
Recurring pothole. 's never repaired correctly. 's damaged my rim. Please  correctly so next year you d't need to repair  again and waste our mey. Thank you
in #1 lane, next to car pool lane, large pothole, south bound Missi Bay Drive -ramp to South Bound I-5
Right lanes going east have potholes

Large pothole spanning across  entire street. Dangerous for pedestrians and cyclists. About 5 inches across, 2 inches deep, 20 feet lg. Left re by cstructi crew.
Please repair SUNKEN part   asphalt driving south  54th St. Every time you h that secti   street s a loop down and up feeling. Thank you
Please have a cy inspector review  "finish work" by Ori Ctracting following a 2-mth job at  intersecti  Pringle and Washingt Place, and west  Pringle. The work involved replacing water lines and discharge lines centered at  intersecti  Washingt Place. Ori left cstructi debris and a very poor "patch job"   street when y left. I expect more from my tax dollars than shoddy work by cy ctractors who leave an area worse-f than  was before y w ir ctract. The same thing is happening  Washingt Street in Missi Hills by Burtec Pipeline.
East side  St. Vincent de Paul . South 16th Street . headed 16th Street North. Just north  Commercial is a huge pothole and unleveled street pavement. There are holes and cracks in street. This has been here for over a year. ++++   south side  16th going into Barrio Logan has been paved. But why not  part  16th North   Trolley Tracks.
The pavement in frt  my house is raised.   is a safety hazard plus I am ccerned that re might be a bigger problem underneath.

West. Middle lane. Adjacent to Coast Guard stati.
Potholes created by cstructi   eastbound side  aero drive and corner  aero court. There is a huge divot in  road that can pop a tire if cars go to fast or could ruin a wheel rim.
There is substantial bump in  road   north side  Forward that runs  length   west bound lane. Forward street from Linda Rosa to Beaumt needs to be repaved. There are too many potholes and cracks to photograph whout using video.
need street repair  Catoctin drive, just south  stop sign at corner  Saranac and Catoctin
4.5 feet x 3 feet pothole at  entrance to  alley way. In frt  address.
Large, deep pothole Rancho Bernardo Road eastbound, just under  15 freeway overpass.
POTHOLES ALONG HARBOR  IFO NASCO
Secti  Paseo Lucido between Avenida Venusto and Camino Corriente has several potholes and eroded gaps lines (wh grass growing!) in middle  lanes and general deteriorati in  pavement. This secti frts RBHS and gets heavy traffic so  summer is  time to try to repair or repave. Nearby Bernardo Heights Parkway was just resurfaced a mth ago when  didn't need  but Paseo Lucido really needs attenti.
Sinking pothole that keeps recurring after numerous repairs. Needs to have a permanent fix.
Large pothole  Zi between Clara Lee and Estrella
West bound Harbor Dr., middle  #2 lane, just before right turn to Cell Phe Lot.Pothole 2' in diameter, 3" deep..... really says, "Welcome to San Diego."
numerous potholes  Paseo Lucido between Bernardo Heights parkway and Camino del Norte
This is to let you know that re is a large, dangerous pot hole, wh a protruding rock in  middle ready to puncture tires,  Paseo del Verano Norte,   north side   street between Camino Emparrado and Via Acantilada. We live in  +55 Oaks North Senior Cizen Communy in  Rancho Bernardo area  San Diego and  road is a major entrance for over 2000 residents each day. Anything that can be de about  street repair would be greatly appreciated! Sincerely Carole and Gary Fultz
While driving  La Jolla Mesa Dr at  6022 mark my car suddenly whout warning bounced and sounded like  bottomed out!  I returned to find a significant road hazard that wasn't identified at all. My ccern is for or drives safety and possible damage to my vehicle, which will need to be inspected. Please advise
Asphalt is sinking after being dug up for water pipes and repaved.
Pothole heading west
The pot hole is east bound  Rancho Bernardo Road  in  left lane towards Bernardo Center Drive.   Approximately, 15-30 feet after you go under  15 freeway.  The size appears to be a circle  approximately 2 feet in diameter,   came up suddenly so my percepti   size may be bigger than 's actually size.  definively was not good for my tires and shocks  my car when I h  pot hole!
SINKHOLE IN STREET GROWING/SAWHORSE PLACED OVER HOLE
Two potholes (e larger and e smaller) located approximately 75-100 yards east  intersecti  Maturin Dr and Turtleback Rd.
Pot hole exing  commercial parking lot just in frt   Ltle Ceasars pizza place  Bernardo Center Dr.
Pothole is   SW corner   intersecti (southbound lanes)   intersecti where Sunset Cliffs Blvd crosses wh Nimz Blvd (south  intersecti).
Hello, Your department previously indicated a fy13 resurfacing schedule to include Camino Del Norte, west   15 freeway wh work to begin August, 2013? This road has yet to be resurfaced and is in terrible cdi.  What is  new ETA for  to be completed?Thank you, Jay
Multiple potholes/scars starting  Scrant  North  Mira Sorrento extending  length  Barnes Cany Rd.
There are lots  potholes located right at  intersecti  Auburndale Street and Salizar Street that needs to be filled as so as possible.
Warped asphalt. Picture does not do a justice. Cars dangerously swerve into right lane to avoid 
Pothole  Pomerado Rd
POTHOLE
Orozco Road (and Robusto Road) from Antigua Blvd to Amaro Drive is heavily pot-holed and is showing excessive wear.  Original asphalt has disappeared and ly base-layer rocks and dirt remain in significant quanties (+50% in some areas).This is a heavily driven road that shares traffic wh  elementary school and park.
Potholes in intersecti
PER WATER DEPARTMENT THERE IS A 2X2 SINKHOLE AT THE LOCATION.
Pot hole at intersecti before  Tulley
In  alley   property alley has numerous pot holes.
POTHOLE E/B IN LEFT LANE BY SIGNAL
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A DANGEROUSLY LARGE POTHOLE LOCATED IN THE LEFT LANE OF BERNARDO CENTER DR, IMMEDIATELY EAST OF HIGHWAY 15.
Please repair  road
POTHOLE
POTHOLE NEAR TROLLEY TRACKS
An approximately 6 inch wide trench runs across W. Universy Ave at  intersecti  Goldfinch St.  The trench looks to have ly been partially filled after old cstructi re.  This is a hazard for  vehicles and bicycles that frequent  intersecti.  A prior ticket #500000136339 was submted in April wh no resoluti.
West bound  la jolla village dr right beforebintersecti  Villa labjolla dr, giant pothole gave me flatbtire tight
Pot holes in  left-turn Lanes  Genesee Avenue turning  to Linda Vista  have been re for over a year. Addially re are potholes  Linda Vista heading north east towards Genesee which also have been re over a year. I would like to know why se have not been repaired and would like m repaired immediately as I ctinually have to get my car aligned when I h m.
SURVEYOR CAME OUT AND LEFT 2 P/HS IN STREET
Fill potholes in intersecti alg cross street (bike path) please. I got a flat  my bike  or day at  locati.
By I-5 North, just past  "Mark 30" and just after Genessee Ave ex before  merge  I-5 and  805 freeways, rocks have been flying up to my windshield and cracking my window. Every time I drive   I-5 North at  area, rocks fly up and h my car damaging . This is due to  poor cdi   road/freeway and  various holes and cracks in  road/highway at  locati. Please work hard to fix  highway. The cdi is so poor and  is ruining my car!
Pot holes. On ramp from Regents to 52 east
Secd most lane from  left has big pothole. The pothole is 10-20 yards before  overhead cell phe parking lot sign.
Pothole going south  Pomerado
The road next to a Manhole cover in  800 block  Pacific Beach Drive is sinking and getting deeper each week.  The asphalt is cracking as  is sinking.   appears re is a underground leak and  roadbed is being slowly washed out.
Why hasn't Mira Mesa Blvd just east  Westview Parkway been resurfaced in years?  Much  Mira Mesa east and west   patch have been.
Many potholes   street


Bike lane

Just south   house located at 4426 Morrell Street, where Morrell Street meets Balboa Avenue,  ccrete alley is crumbling (numerous potholes in asphalt patch).
E/B & W/B POTHOLES AND CRACKS.
Pothole in street in frt  my house  5312 Cardeno Drive  San Diego, Ca. 92109
Large pothole, several feet lg and 3-5 inches deep, about a foot or so wide. On eastbound #1 lane   far left side. Car swerve to not h  as  could pop tires or damage suspensi.
On eastbound RB Rd between I-15 & Bernardo Center Dr., near  median
Degraded asphalt located  west lane  Sunset Cliffs Blvd. between Carmelo and Ladera streets. Needs to be scraped and reasphalted. Approx. 30-60 ft  ...
Asphalt at norast corner universy and Arag ( in frt  Aztec rental) is severely buckled.
The road is sunken in   corner  Waco and Dakota street a big dip in  road  waco street.
Several Potholes
Several Potholes
Souast corner   Oliver and Morrell.
I have lived here for almost 2 years and  pothole is just growing bigger every day 's to  point where somebody could trip and fall
On ramp from 94E to 15N has a very rough surface at  apex   turn, when re is ly e lane.
Deep rut / pothole
This road has lots  broken road, if not fixed  will turn into a pothole
Deep pothole filled wh sinking sand. ~8" deep.


pothole @ intersecti






Pothole was created, likely due to trenching tha was going bin  area. When turning right to Clairemt Mesa Blvd. From NB Moraga.

Bus surf...asphalt pushed up by buses to resemble surf wave
Pothole  31st and G st.   stop sign
Westbound Washingt street - more than e tire-crunching potholes have formed   ce-smooth secti  ccrete - between Falc & Eagle.  Please ride westward and look for ors alg  stretch  Washingt and not just repair  es I have noted here.  This stretch  Washingt is really starting to fall apart wh multiple deep, & chunky potholes...  THANKS!!
Asphalt at  intersecti  Limerick Ave. and Clairemt Mesa Blvd. intersecti is falling apart. I see somee in a wheel chair that has trouble every day getting across Limerick   North side  Clairemt Mesa Blvd.

Transverse ridge in Eastbound left lane.
This pothole is substantial and needs to be filled.  is in  southbound lane  Olney at  intersecti  Olney and Balboa.
Huge pothole   ramp from  5 freeway south to  94 freeway which caused a huge dent in my frt left rim ruining 
There is a new fire stati at  address. The fire engine is breaking up  asphalt by going in and out  stati causing a lot  damage to  street.  There is about a 10' x 5' area now that is crumbling and  is expanding  a daily basis.
Very rough ccrete surface wh numerous potholes.  On both sides   intersecti.
Large pothole near median in southbound lane  Cvoy.  While block is very rough and needs repaving.
More than 3 weeks
The Scripps Poway Parkway is in a very bad state,  and now re was anor dig making  very dangerous for cyclist.  The picture was taken at Scripps Poway Rd and Angelique and shows how  bike path.
A pothole in  roadway is a hazard for bicycles and peds and a big annoyance to motorists and general roadway users.  Observed July 8 2016.  Thanks.
pothole southbound  Rosecrans St, in fast lane, just south  Sports Arena Blvd intersecti
Several potholes in  viciny  3551 and 3559 Garris Street, Point Loma. They are rapidly getting larger due to vehicle traffic.
several pot holes in  middle  Jellett between Erie and Galvest
The two right turn lanes  Mercury St, turning west to Balboa Avenue, have cracks and missing chunks  asphalts causing very rough driving cdis.
Potholes all threw  streets tire damage people have tripped twisted re ankles res to many you keep coving m two weeks later s  same
 my streets re are a lot  pot holes and y cover m up  last about a mth and  pot holes are back please help  suati  bad
There are 3 large pot holes at  south west corner  Old Town Ave and Moore Street.
Both east and west lanes  Howard between 30th and 805 freeway are heavily potholed. This is a hazard to bicyclists.
The entire street is riddled wh street damage. I sprained my ankle because   holes   street. Please have  repaired as so as possible. If not, am I allowed to hire a ctractor and fix just in frt  my house?
This is to let you know that re is a large, dangerous pot hole in frt  my home, which gets larger and deeper everyday.  We live in  +55 Oaks North Senior Cizen Communy in  Rancho Bernardo area  San Diego.  Somee may trip or turn an ankle due to .There are eight senior villas (2 buildings.  4 uns) that live  eir side   street where  pot hole is located.
south east past intersecti near bus stop pothole.
CUSTOMER SAYS PORTIONS OF STREET  ARE SINKING AND THERE ARE CRACKS IN THE ASPHALT
Pothole and incomplete work alg center divide going West  Balboa Ave.'Orange cstructi area markers' have been re for almost 8 mths !   ( Really...see Google Earth photo from last December 2015    Compare how much  trees have grown. )The pothole has gotten compacted and deeper wh time.Appears that  work to that area near  water valve for  landscaping in  center median was never completed properly, or cleaned up.
Square pothole in south bound lane.
Pothole just north   driveway. Getting larger

Big pothole in  middle   lanes, almost looks like beginning  sinkhole
Potholes and uneven street pavement at  northwest corner  Broadway and 13th
About two weeks ago driving between Via Sepulveda and Torrey Pines road, re was a pothole that was rougher than most and h hard. Today I took my car to Mossy Nissan and y had to adjust  alignment. Cost was $89. My car has 15,575 mileage today and had been adjusted at 10,000 mileage.
Pothole in frt  Ocean Beach Rec. Center, south side  street east bound.
College Ave between El Caj Blvd and Universy is all torn up. When is  being repaved?
Tuxedo Road is in bad cdi.  Not sure why all  side streets have been resurfaced but  main street  Tuxedo Road was ignored.  Please pave Tuxedo Road from Jacks Drive to Golfcrest Road.
We have had a pothole for approx e year and  ctinues to grow and damage vehicles
 entire street is a ctinuing disaster.  to many tire shredding potholes to list.  would be easier to list  portis that are flat and smooth as re are so few
There is a pothole around  ring   manhole  Mallard st. The manhole is located in frt  6532 Mallard St. The manhole number is MH215.
Pothole in intersecti
  left turn f  fairmt to Aldine transi re is a pretty deep pothole that rattles  bes when you h .
Asphalt pavement, N/O cross gutter at San Carlos Dr. badly worn wh numerous small potholes/fissures needing patching.
large 2 potholes in  alley   apartment complex
The entire length  road   southbound side  46th St between Norwood St. and El Caj Blvd is in dire need  repair.  There are pot holes and degraded asphalt that are dangerous.  Thank you for your help.
Pothole alg  gutter in frt  8949 Clairemt Mesa Blvd.
Very bad pothole in Jewell St just as you ex  Vs parking area
The entire alley way behind  locati  Clairemt Mesa Blvd is damaging vehicles. The potholes are so bad. Can you guys please repave  area.
LARGE POTHOLE HAS BEEN AT THIS LOCATION FOR OVER A WEEK. EXTREMELY DANGEROUS
small Potholes
small pothole
Lot  potholes  Clairemt Mesa blvd, particularly sectis between Cvoy and Shawline st.   both directis.
Multiple pot  holes
DEEP POTHOLES AT THE CUL DE SAC
Huge pot hole in  middle   road.
POTHOLE
The entire Mohawk Street from 70th to  library called a sack is full  potholes and cracks. Because proposed  pipe lines Will end at 69th St., so I would hope  cy can at least pave  street west  69th St. where  pipeline will end. When Marti Emerald first came to fice, she said y were going to take care  those streets that was seven or eight years ago
A number  potholes  Santo Rd near  intersecti  Santo Rd and Antigua Blvd.
Huge pothole/chunks  ccrete around sewer cap/sewer line. Very dangerous. 4-5 inch chunks  cement coming f around sewer pipe/cap/line. Needs to be filled around sewer line/cap.  is in  middle  road  Missi Center Ct and Camino Gabald 92108.
cracked street
There are 6 between Burgener Blvd. and Denver St.
extremely large dangerous  a curve. across from qualcomm stadium near  enterance to Kinder Morgan (refueling facily).
Lots  pot holes prior to  freeway cnector.
When   cnector from I-15S to 56-W, at least e pothole
Pothole In  middle  Clairemt Dr. I h  every single day and 's a very deep pothole. Please get  fixed asap
There are several potholes  Dorcas St. between Morena Blvd. and Savannah.
There are multiple potholes  Wirby St. and excessive potholes   entrance to Pacific Highway from Wirby St.  These ctinue  Pacific Highway.
Pot hole right lane
Cement surrounding man hole is ge
PER SDPD 2X2' POTHOLE ON EL CAJON BLVD, E BOUND IN THE 3RD LANE NEAR THE 42ND ST INTERSECTION.
Terrible pot hole approaching  stop sign area.   4 way stop in frt   Marriott
POTHOLE
The whole alley needs to be repaved--broken ccrete, large potholes and uneven surfaces broken wh lg stretches  sand and gravel--very unsafe to drive in!!
Large pothole,  70th, southbd, #2 lane
Pothole in center lane
Potholes next to yellow lines
Pothole  Upas and 30th st in North Park next to bus stop.
Potholes near bus stop going south  30th near C street.
Large pothole in bus ly lane in frt  NBC building.
southbound Genesee, just south  Mt. Alifan.
3 PM 21JULY16- Deep potholes at  area   roadwork where re is ly e north lane  S Camino Del Mar. Caused immediate damage to right frt tire. Needed to be towed and car is now at dealer for repair
Deep pothole
There is a large pothole at  intersecti  Balboa and Olney in Pacific Beach. 's right before  light  Olney before you cross Balboa heading towards Grand Ave.
Potholes and larger sectis  road are crumbling.  There are many areas  San Pasqual Rd. between Bear Valley Pkwy and San Pasqual Valley Rd. that are in need  repairs.
Pot Hole in east  bound lane  El Caj Blvd at Marlborough

Corado ave eastbound turn right to oceanfrt street 5x5 pot hole.
Big pothole,  deep enough to do damage or cause accident
Poorly repaired road,  deep pothole

I was born (1968) and raised in San Diego and  street looks and feels horrible.  I now work here and  looks  same as when my far worked   street in  1970's.  Disaster.
I own 9 un apt. bldg. 3135 Ivy St.  Several properties use an alley to gain entrance to back  property.  The cement paved alley seems to have a sinkhole appearing behind 3119 Ivy St.   may get larger.  Please inspect ASAP.  Thank you.

Med pothole in centerlane before Sassafras St.  Thank you, DavidP.S.  Love your new pothole request webpage!  Easy to use!!!  Thank you!!!
Several potholes in both lanes near  frt   Uni 76 Gas Stati.  Thank you, David
Pothole  La Jolla village Drive eastbound at  intersecti  Torrey Pines Road near UCSD
Bad pot holes
Area  street that was apparently dug up was not adequately repaired wh asphalt, leaving ruts in that area.

The whole stretch  road  Broadway between 65th St and Madera, north and south sides, needs to be repaved. The road is full  ruts and grooves and crumbling asphalt.The closest category is potholes, but filling a few potholes will not fix  problem.
Large pothole in middle area   street.
2x2 pothole at  intersecti.
Several very large, very deep, potholes going both directis   road.  A very dangerous hazard  an already compromised road.
Huge 'pothole" in street
Alamo way in  cy  San Diego was paved less than a year ago yet  pavement is already coming up.
Large pothole in center  Cadden way, just north  Paducah way
Heading West  Balboa Ave., before Clairemt Dr.,  in  #2 lane at  bottom   cany before  dirt road to your right: There is a large pot hole.
Original Service Request #500000126107 which was requested back in Sept 2015 and no repairs have been made. Street needs to be re-paved, especially at  end   cul-de-sac. Several parts   street are ripped and uneven.
Potholes

Potholes across  street from 5111-5127 Chollas Pkwy. Nearest cross street is Collura. 4 holes.
Multiple potholes alg north and southbound Kearny Mesa Rd.
Multiple potholes at  intersecti  Cvoy St. and Kearny Mesa Rd.
Large pothole turning right  to Richmd from Universy. Pothole wh sharp ccrete edges and water covering part  hole. Popped my tire immediately and was uncovered/unmarked.
PER SDPD THERE IS A LARGE POT HOLE AT THE INTERSECTION NEAR THE CROSSWALK AT THE NE CORNER OF RICHMOND.
Multiple potholes  ex to Camino Del Norte left lane
The street in frt  my driveway is e bug pothole.  Eight years ago my company, SAIC, moved me to  Washingt D.C. area.  I kept my house here though because I knew I wanted to come home to retire.  When I left San Diego, my driveway was barely accessible.  Now, I can't pull my car into my garage whout damaging  due to  cdi   pothole in frt  my house.I have owned  house since 1987.  In all that time, nothing has ever been de to repair our street.Thank you.
On ramp from 94E to 15N is like  surface   mo. Who is respsible for maintenance?
There is a high point in  road that sucks to drive over and to not get air you have to slow down almost to a stop.
Large pothole westbound lane.
Visible Dip in road causes cars to bottom out making repeated excessive noise.
Descripti: Badly damaged asphalt, potholes and ruts in both directis.Nearest Address: Cabrillo Fwy,
in  center lane area and ly  larger holes.  The actual lanes, and especially  area to  right half   lane where a bicycle travels is still very bad.
Pothole
Road has a large indentati/pothole
Several pot holes
The alley between Pershing and 28th St is really broken.  Our church members have to walk across from  parking lot to get to  church and  is a tripping hazard.
Strip  asphalt from a pervious repair is missing and is a tripping hazard.
A large secti  blacktop alg  edge  my driveway is severely eroded away.   is like driving over a pothole everye I enter or leave my driveway.
Not a pothole, but a giant dip in  right lane approaching  intersecti

many deep potholes in frt  driveway
W/B POTHOLE ON CLAIREMONT DR.
Pothole
very dangerous potholes heading northbound  san pasqual rd in frt  three c growers and all  way to highway 78 just past Old Milky Way
Please repair ripples in  asphalt   northbound lanes  Fairmount and  traffic signal wh  8 east ex. Every time you drive by m s a bump you are going over.
There are two Pot Holes at  light  Eklet, and Jamacha Rd. My car has ge down in those holes twice because e is unable to see m in  night.
There are potholes where  street meets  bridge  W Missi Bay Drive heading westbound toward  beaches.
There are potholes alg  entire seem  sports arena blvd where  meets Hancock St by  Red Lobster,
We have serveral potholes in  back alley presenting potential trip hazards for our assisted living communy residents an visors. We have many residents in wheel chairs and walkers.
Pothole in westbound lane  Grand Ave (by Ace Hardware).
Recent utily work to already old surfaces have resulted in poor cdi  road and sidewalk  west side  Pelt Court; surrounding areas are slightly better, but Polaris would benef also.
deep pothole  moraga av just before reaching balboa ave
Raised asphalt area a few inches above street level.
several potholes starting to increase in size. need more than a patching job.
Large piece  loose ccrete surrounding sewer man hole in street. Truth #824-017 was at se @ 5:15  7/26/2016 so I am sure  was reported. This ccrete has been jarred loose many times by vehicular traffic.  has been reported to  garbage collectors and cy parking enforcement in  past. Thanks
Pothole at  corner  6th avenue/grape street
Sewer drain asphalt surround sunk wh metal edge exposed. Tire and wheel damage likely.
Pothole in  pavement. Westbound  Carmel Mountain Road in Sundevil Way intersecti. Thank you.
Pothole in  pavement. Westbound  Camino San  Bernardo before   4S Ranch Pkwy intersecti. Thank you.
The road need re-pave, 's not flat, re are multiple potholes!
POTHOLES
POTHOLE
Numerous potholes in  far right lane  westbound Sports Arena Blvd. from  driveway into Red Lobster all  way down to at least Channel Way,
Pothole in frt  manhole cover at 8977 Gold Coast Drive
Pothole located at 8993 Gold Coast Drive
Pothole hereFor 6 weeks
Pothole
The westbound lanes  Balboa avenue between Mt. Everest and Clairemt Drive  have a large amount  potholes. Some  se are que wide and deep.
Missing metal triangle lid. Trip hazard and bike hazard.
Pothole   N/W side   street.





pothole @ intersecti
potholes  westbound side
Pot hole  Richmd and universy in Hillcrest

pothole @ intersecti
Northbd lane, curb lane, hole is right at  entrance   Sports Arena parking lot.
Northbd lane, curb lane
Northbd lane, curb lane, at Hancock street, near  gutter in  middle  intersecti
Large pothole wh chunks  road in  street.
There are lots  large potholes  Vickers St between Cvoy and Mercury.
  "O" lot next to Naval Medical Center San Diego, re are multiple GIGANTIC pot holes   road leading from  base to  parking lot.  The base has received multiple complaints regarding , but can do nothing as  is a cy owned property and USG appropriated funds cannot be used to fix  issue.  The people that use  lot are generally milary or USG civilian or ctract workers, but y live and pay significant taxes in  Cy, County, and State.  So although NMCSD generally has exclusive use   lot, you would think  Cy would have some interest in equably attending to s maintenance and not let if fall into  huge state  disrepair that  currently finds self.  Even filling in  potholes wh gravel would be huge improvement.  I can follow up later wh images if necessary.  But  is a significant problem for  hundred plus vehicles that must use  road every day.
The street was repaved a few weeks ago and re is now a sinkhole about 15 inch diameter.  The mailman said  hole happened not too lg after  paving and I just noticed today.
 seems re's water sub terrain, and  street is sagging   width   street's definely sinking. The photos d't show much, but when looking at   , re's something going .'s  between Andasol and Acama
Large pothole in middle  crosswalk, west bound cable street at Voltaire,
 is not just 1 pot hole, Hollister street starting from Ingrid Ave to Tocayo Ave is damaged real bad  for driving, I take that street to work every day. When is something going to be de   street.On  Hollister street re is heavy traffic but  needs to be fixed!
There are a few potholes/damaged areas in  road   right side  Airway Road when heading east, past La Media Road that need to be filled in and repaired. As you can see in  attached pictures,  damaged areas are about 10 to 12 feet apart from each or, and are located in between 'Express Auto Aucti' and '95 Parking'.
Entire major damage cracked pot holes especially in frt  12492 escala Lane
Two large pot holes near Carthage and Barclay.
pothole
Nasty pothole  corner  Universy Ave and Richmd where  Mc Dalds is at. I thought I blew a tire  was so loud when I h  at 5mph turning  corner. Sorry I didnt get a picture  .
Near morena,
Heading north, right after la Jolla shores. Trees pushing Rd up
Deep pothole in center  Street just south   address.
6 inch deep pot hole , car hazard
 entire street  Forward in La Jolla is a massive pothole.  There are too many potholes   street to count.   looks like a costa rican highway.
Very large pothole at in frt   alley entrance.
When are  street repairs here scheduled to be made? The cy painted marks all over  street awhile ago, and everye is wdering how lg we have to have our street marked up. Thanks.
Multiple potholes!
Pothole in right turn lane to paseo mtalban in frt  7-11
@ intersection
PER CONSUMER THERE IS A LARGE POTHOLE AT THE ADDRESS.
Alley thar runs north to south on  east side   building, and n, behind building  turns east and runs to la jolla blvd.This alley is used by many residents, workers and trash trucks, daily.There are numerous potholes that have become dangerous.
Pothole around  whe, metal, water cover across from  fire hydrant. Asphalt is missing.

In middle lane going away from I-15, giant pothole on right side
Ingraham St Bridge north  Perez Cove Way going northbound in  fast lane. The end   first bridge where  cement meets  asphalt. Very deep large pothole. So head north on Ingraham St, pass through Perez Cove Way intersection onto  bridge. Will be in  fast lane at  end   first bridge. thank
Pothole on southbound College Ave just south  median.



A pothole in  rightmost lane closest to  K-rail on  downhill/north/west bound direction on Genesee Ave between Campus Point Drive and I-5 caused a number  cyclists to crash yesterday.
Two large steps in  street.
This is a reverse pothole that was repaired a few months ago, but whatever is causing  to buckle up, is returning. Please repair  because 's a hazard.
Thank you!!! for filling  Potholes in Cy Heights on Redwood Street between Central and 39th.  After 14 months  HEAVY equipment and broken concrete, etc. materials on  street in order to repair 40th street (and alley) north and south  Redwood,  street became riddled wh holes to  degree that my car suspension completely collapsed!  I would like to know WHY Central Street at Redwood received a completely new asphalt surface, and Redwood ( area where heavy equip worked and materials were stored) received only potholes filled, and only after I finally called  in.  Please help me understand  plan. Thank you.  sandiegopalms@yahoo.com
Multiple potholes in front  6012 Adobe Falls Rd
 intersection 39th and El Cajon Blvd in front  crosswalk and stop sign
3 foot wide asphalt hole in st
Southbound Cactus Road at intersection  Siempre Viva Road, re are huge humps at  stop sign line. The frame  my Toyota hs  humps. This is  second time I've reported  problem. This is a dangerous issue. I have to cross into oncoming traffic to avoid hting se humps.
test
CONSUMER STATES THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE STREET IMMEDIATELY SOUTH OF HER ADDRESS.
Pothole at Cable St and Voltaire St
1475 Bay Blvd. San Diego, CA 92154  The cy has verified  address IS in  cy  San Diego and NOT Chula Vista as far as who owns  part   road by  Salt Mine. Also San Diego public records verifies  fact. There are HUGE Dangerous Potholes in  road. There is a Bike RACE Triathlon going over  road NEXT WEEKEND and  needs to be FIXED as an emergency Action em!
LARGE POTHOLE IN ALLEY BEHIND ADDRESS
Significant potholes in Sports Arena street when making left hand turn from Sports Arena onto Hancock Street.  Especially dangerous for motorcycles, could cause loss  control.
Significant potholes and broken asphalt in NB roadway on Golfcrest, north  Monte Verde Dr. intersection.  Potholes and debris are especially dangerous to motorcycles, and could cause a loss  control.
Broken asphalt and potholes in NB roadway along Golfcrest Dr from Navajo Rd to Tuxedo Rd.  Potholes are dangerous to motorcycles and could cause loss  control.
 junction has many potholes at  traffic lights. also,  potholes continues north until bernardo middle school. can  cy PLEASE resurface paseo lucido. thank-you very much.
More  a depression.Looks harmless, but feels like car is totaled if you drive through .East bound Upas at corner  30th, right lane by bus stop.
Large dipping pothole in front  driveway at 1754 Redondo Street.
Pothole
Large pothole on  SW corner  Upas and 30th near  stop sign.
Numerous pot holes and uneven pavement
Potholes on Kettner Blvd 75 yards before intersection  Sassafras St, 20 yards from intersection  W Palm St.
Potholes all along  section  Miramar Rd west. Request to drive mile and half starting at Kearny Villa Rd and you will find lots  potholes.
Pothole at  intersection  Alsacia St and Woodman St.  Southbound lane.
2x2 pothole in middle  street
Very large pothole on Sports Arena Blvd. From Hancock St. to Sports Arena Blvd. to  East 8 freeway on ramp. Some holes are about 3 ft. wide and 2-3 inches deep.
Road starting to collapse. Potholes
Street starting to crater; potholes
Pothole
Numerous potholes on northbound Morena between Balboa and Avati.
There has been a pothole for a long time.Alta View Drive, right lane west  Briarwood about 200 feet.  even has a whe outline.
Potholes galore in front  Phill's BBQ.  When you swerve to  right to miss  ones on  left, you h  ones on  right. Right lane.
Village Glen Dr. Has several potholes closer to  Serra Mesa Communy Park. The road way is causing damage to my suspension and tires.
Big pothole right in  middle   street between 9572 and 9579 Benavente St.
s not a pothole, but a dip in  middle that's more intense than  looks. Catches people f guard
Survey monument missing and  left  hole open. Please replace  survey monument .
chuckhole on Ingraham SB  - Sea World dr  ex ramp - under  W  Mission Bay Dr overpass
Trench-Needs proper pavement Several weeks ago a private contract crew dug a trench in  eastbound lane  Aero Dr @ Kearny Vila Rd continuing east past Sandrock Rd. They only half refilled  wh concrete causing numerous potholes for several blocks. The company that did  needs to properly repave and restripe  roadway.
This pothole in  street in front   7-11 has been filled in twice in  past few months, but is now again sinking into a pretty good size pothole (maybe 14"-16" in diameter).    needs anor fill-in.
Deteriorated asphalt, pothole at foot  driveway around  corner on Carling Dr.
Potholes along intersection  Berryknoll and Tyrolean.
Sinkholes in road.
Multiple potholes in  area  Plum Street
In right lane
There's a pothole that is que hazardous while driving.
Large pothole.
Large pothole usually covered wh slabs  wood

on  Eastbound Sea World dr  / framp to W. Mission Bay Dr.  -as soon as    framp begins  & exactly  where   'concrete turns to asphalt'
SUNKEN SDGE VALVE IN INTERSECTION
POTHOLE IN RIGHT LANE
The street is sinking. The water meter lids (4  m) are loose and creating a hazard and noise.
Test report
There are several road hazards and potholes needing repairs on  North park way (alley) between Boundary and Landis. This is caused by trash trucks using  as a main pickup point.

navajo road, between park ridge blvd to college avenue has various large potholes that need to be patched
patch potholes in cul de sac
There is a nasty pothole at  convergence  Friedrick Drive & Whaley Ave., 92104 - just as you are making  turn coming down  hill.  You do have to avoid .
Large chuck  asphalt missing , car bumper by  btwn muir colleg and almahurst row on torrey pines
POTHOLE BY WHEEL CHAIR RAMP, POSS HAZARD
In rightmost ex lane
Several big chunks have come out presenting que a hole
Pothole in  southbound lane near  intersection  Chatsworth and Tennyson.
Numerous pot holes in  alley between Ohio St. and Illinois St. From universy Ave thru Lincoln Ave
Potholes in  northbound #1 lane in  2900-3299 block  Park Blvd.
Pothole eastbound near  double yellow lines as you approach  stop sign
LARGE POTHOLES ON PARK BL
There is pothole on  driveway which is getting wider and wider
Pot hole
There are a number  small potholes in  west bound lane  Universy Avenue
There is what looks to be eir a pot hole or sink hole starting in front  my driveway entrance and  is starting to get deeper everyday
Westbound. One long deep pot hole surrounded by several ors.  Theses pot holes  in combination wh parked cars force bicyclist into  heavy Mesa College traffic creating a potentially hazardous suation.
Potholes and very rough asphalt surface in left hand turn pocket on Rosecrans crossing Sports Arena.

DAMAGED ASPHALT
Per constuent two pot holes.
large pothole northbound clairemont dr
Large hazardous pot hole
There is a pretty deep pothole in  middle   street here. Sewer work was done about a year ago along 60th St. and  potholes nd streets were not repaired after  work was done. There is also a smaller one that  you can really  feel as you drive over  at  beginning   College way. 60th Street really needs repaving.
Big pothole in northbound lane on Alabama, just south  El Cajon Blvd.
  end  our residential street is a pothole about 3 feet by 3 feet wide.  THis is at Missouri and everts -- near  sewer manhole cover.   This has been re for a VERY long time and certainly rattles many a car shock system.   I will include 2 photos wh  email note.   I believe that  would be que simple to come by wh  truck and put that black asphalt repair into  hole.
Several potholes  across  railways
Repairs were made to  water or sewer pipes in  intersection. The resurfacing work was done in a shoddy manner and  asphalt is crumbling, causing skid hazard for cars and bicycles and trip hazard for pedestrians.Please have  contractor return to resurface  streets properly.
large pothole in street
Large pothole in southbound lane in front  3346 Clairemont Drive.  The entire length  Clmt Dr. from Balboa south to I-5 really needs repaving.
LARGE pothole, at least 2 inches deep by 12-15" diameter in front  3827 Clairemont Drive, going northbound.


















  right corner  kaplan dr and Ainsley Road.
Multiple potholes in Street
5720 miramar rd
Multiple very deep potholes
large pothole, 3 attempts to repair in 2014/2015 but  is just getting worse
Right lane

Potholes in northbound lane  31st at Grape St.
Pothole near sidewalk in alley north  2020 31st St.
Going NE on Clairemont Drive, pothole in in front  3829 Clairemont Drive, between right and left lanes
Large bumps/holes from previous work span  width   street.  Very rough.
Large dips around storm drain, sharp edges on concrete, torn up street, cars scraping and swerving
Street damage
Multiple potholes merged Into one
caused my driver side front tire to be damaged beyond repair
Heavy traffic from public bus has warped  pavement. Have wnessed several wipeouts from skateboarders and bicyclists from my fice window.
Right lane has multiple holes
Potholes and street needs resurfaced
Corner at Felice &Roca is all broken up and needs patching
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Hello, guys, This is not really a pothole but a triangular shaped cover on our street.  ('s near  circular shaped WATER cover.)  Sometime in  last 24 hours,  cover and  surrounding street were completed crushed (including breaking   iron outline around  cover.)   is f Mercy Road (near Rancho Penasquos Preserve), in front  12163 Branicole Lane, San Diego, CA 92129.  I have attached a photo.  Thanks!  Chris Hendrickson
Minor asphalt repair needed for sunken asphalt on  east side   intersection  Washington St and 1st Ave.
Potholes in  northbound #2 lane in  5600 block  Fairmount Ave.
deep holes in  inner lane when making turn into  Aero Dr fron Kearny Villa Rd.
Pothole
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE SOUTH BOUND LANE.
Entire spare nave street requires resurfacing. Especially on sourn half  sparren south  Carmel mountain road. Spartan to  north  Carmel Mtn road has no problems.
There was a sinkhole in  street by  curb.  I did put a request here wh a picture.   The mailman asked a lady  working in  street to come  over to take a look and she put a cone over.  Then somebody filled .  Now  hole sinks again.  And  is getting bigger.   keeps on sinking.
Several potholes before bridge
Large, raised up slabs  asphalt creating 1-2" ledges in  middle  2600 Jacaranda Pl.  Needs to be smood out.
 7400 block  golfcrest drive has numerous potholes.
Bike lane on Harbor Drive dangerous. Belt to Schley. Streets
Pothole at  center   intersection  La Jolla Village Drive and Villa la jolla dr
8 foot long narrow Pothole right after you pass  over bridge going West
Entire street full  pot holes. Cy has neglected to repair.
Cul de sac end  Street in terrible state....potholes, asphalt missing in several areas down to gravel.  Dangerous for children.  This is 3rd request for  area  street (part  street was repaved last year but not completed on  end).  Please repave!
Pot holes near  northwest corner where  asphalt meets  concrete curb. In line where we ride our bicycles south on Santo
Where we ride our bikes north on Ruffin where  asphalt meet  concrete for  curb.
There are multiple pot holes near  intersection  Solymar and Muirlands Dr. as re is lots  street damage due to water erosion from  homes in  areaThis makes for a very bumpy road and a dangerous condion as  damage to  road is near  intersection.
Truck drove through resurfacing effort in Sorrento valley creating large tracks / pot holes. So sad to see effort to make our streets better refined.  Furr  overall resurfacing effort looks like a really poor job.   Not sure if  is a stopgap for major repairs later but  looks like a bad job given many   pot holes and previously dug trenches are still visible.
The road at  intersection  Muirlands Dr, and La Cumbre Dr. has numerous potholes due to wear and erosion and  is creating a dangerous suation as  is right at  intersection.
Large pothole at  souast corner  Broadway Ave and Broadway Cir right in front  a curb ramp.
Pothole
Broken (black) street concrete around a manhole cover in  middlle   street. The concrete is tilted partially up and cars can h . My wife h  wh her car least night.   is very difficult to see at night.
POTHOLES
 red marker is in  alley between Marine Street and Sea Lane.  There are five LARGE potholes and sink holes in  block long alley.

The street is in a very bad shape, potholes, cracked especially in front   fire station.   is a busy street for  Fire Station and Boone Elem. School, not counting  people living in that area.  Please fix  road.  Thank you.
The location is Deep Dell Rd., between Paradise Valley Rd. & Brookhaven Rd.  Problem:  Cracked, like pop-corn, potholes, badly need resurfacing.  This road is heavily used.  MTS buses use  road, and  Meadowbrook Apt. residents and residents in  neighborhood use  road.  There is a small retail store, pizza place, and now  new Skyline Hills Library in  area.  Please have  road resurfaced.  Thank you.
deep sunken trench on blanche st and anor furr down  street.
STREET DAMAGED, POTHOLES AND CRACKS.
POTHOLES ON NEPTUNE, IN BETWEEN GRAVILLA & BONAIR
Promesa Court and  western terminus  Promesa Drive have been passed over when  eastern portion  Promesa Drive was repaved twice over  past 5 or 6 years. Promesa Court now has ltle to no paving left.
Several new potholes whole length  two block street.
Pothole in traveled portion   street.
Street surface has deteriorated to  point that  surface doesn't resemble asphalt anymore,  is like ltle ball bearings as  granules are released. The telecom utily tranches are failing and exacerbating  condion   street too.   patches are coming out in chunks along  trench lines.
This is an indentation in  pavement 's a foot deep and 's very hard on  suspension  cars.
On  corner  Innovation Drive and Avenue  Industry,  street is sunken in at  intersection causing  street to be un-level on that intersection.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A LARGE POTHOLE IN THE INTERSECTION OF LARK AND FT STOCKTON.
Large pothole about 18 inches wide, 6 inches long and 4 inches deep in  right east bound lane in front   valley meadows north condominiums.
Pothole is on  south or west-bound side   street, right on  curve from Andorra Way to Del Diablo Way.
Left lane
Broken asphalt
Large pothole eastbound toward brow  hill in left hand eastbound lane.  Also several smaller potholes westbound including larger one in right hand lane.
Potholes on westbound La Jolla parkway
pothole by intersection and crosswalk
P/H IN WB #2 LANE
There is a major pot hole in  center   Concrete street.  This street is on a hill and  road is in concrete not asphalt.  Water is soaking through  opening.  is so bad that I twisted my ankle
Water flowing downhill in gutter ponded here and eroded street surface due to stoppage downstream.  foot  driveway.Street Sweeper has to go around  hole because  is so large.
Dusty Rhodes Dog Parking Lot - Lots  pot holes
Multiple potholes on  street
Both spots

Several potholes in northbound Fairmount Avenue. Both lanes, but more in  right lane.
Trash truck is damaging  street..
Pothole at  entrance   high-traffic alleyway.
Sink hole developing over  last 9 months. Cars almost catching air in  number 3 lane. Bring chips and beer for a good time.
There are various pothols and concrete spl suations in  alley, between sea lane and marine street on  south/north side and draper and lj blvd on  east/west side.  You were kind enough to respond to  or section   alley, now  portion would like help.
Pothole on brow  hill eastbound
Asphalt and drain gutter creating sinkhole at  corner  Innovation Dr and Avenue  Industry in Rancho Bernardo 92128. Very dangerous driving condions. Once rain comes  will become a disaster.
numerous potholes and uneven areas trip hazards
Road has major damage and all along Miramar Rd going west from I15.  Major issue at turning onto Camino Ruiz f Mirmar comming from  east to west.  Next to  gas station.  Miramar rd  manhole covers are sinking deepeer and deeper.
The length  Forward St. between La Jolla Hermosa and Linda Rosa has had a crumbling surface for over five years. Calls to Ms. Lightner's fice and submting requests on you webse have had no effect. If a member  your fice could just drive  potential for liabily to  Cty would be apparent.
Tracking Number: 00099075 Problem Type: PotholeProblem Description: Asphalt and drain gutter creating sinkhole at  corner  Innovation Dr and Avenue  Industry in Rancho Bernardo 92128. Very dangerous driving condions. Once rain comes  will become a disaster.Problem Location: 15122 Innovation Drive, San Diego, CA 92128, Uned States
Large and deep pothole on 3000 block alley  Valle Ave, between Valle and Ocean View Blvd. Se close to S 31st St.
Pothole
The asphalt running  length  my property along  street cement gutter is deteriorating causing a two inch deep type  a pothole. They did some great repairs  past week (08/11/2016) around  neighbors homes but missed my area. Thank you. Guy Stacy
Previous work from  Water Dept in years prior has left a trench in  middle   road. Over  years  asphalt has worn away and  trench needs to be refilled. Hot patch is recommended.
Asphalt needs patching between 9536 to 9554 La Jolla Farms Road, s/b lane.
Large pothole in Street directly across  street from address
The street has several sinkholes or sunked asphalt portions. Please repair.  is several  m along Catoctin Dr from Montezuma Rd up to  elementary school
The street has several sinkholes or sunked asphalt portions. Please repair.  is several  m along Catoctin Dr from Montezuma Rd up to  elementary school
The street has several sinkholes or sunked asphalt portions. Also sections   street near  Crosswalk wh 64th St is in bad condion. Please repair.  is several  m along Catoctin Dr from Montezuma Rd up to  elementary school
POTHOLE, SOUTH OF MARKET
Pothole on curve. People swerve to miss  pothole, causing a dangerous suation.
Big bump in street from tree roots.
Alley damaged by trash truck behind school
Pothole has recently appeared at  location and is getting bigger sending debris everywhere. Also Cox cable recently dug a trench along  street for cable internet for  local school -  road surface is now a complete mess and I'm concerned  road will furr degrade as a result. See attached photos. Several blocks  Orchard Av have been slurried in  last year or two however  4200 block has NOT BEEN TOUCHED and is now in very poor shape.
A large line  potholes has formed at in  asphalt in front  our driveway.  There are chunks as large as 12 inches in diameter that are loose and re are areas that are at least 6-8 inches deep (1st image below).  Part   problem appears to be poor drainage along  curb downstream/downhill from our driveway (2nd image below).
Pothole in westbound lane
Two on eastbound suffer
Several pot holes in  intersection
Left lane

3deep potholes westbound in  left lane
The whole length  garnet is a pothole, uneven,nightmare, full  bumps and cracks,please re pave .
On Scripps poway parkway west bound from village Ridge Rd to  15 fwy, re are 30 manhole covers that are about 1 to 2 inches below  street surface. Ca using people to dodge m,  damage ir suspension, please tar over m or attach a spacer over m.
Uneven pavement, many cracks, potholes, and overall damage.
Southbound Cactus Road between Airway Road and Siempre Viva Road, I counted 15 potholes. Addionally,  pavement surface   southbound lane (Cactus Road) is rough. Cactus Road is an excellent candidate for resurfacing.
Multiple deep potholes on street, just f  sidewalks.
Multiple potholes on street in front  house.
Large dip in Friars Rd West between Fenton Parkway and River Run. Right lane is worst.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
CUSTOMER STATES THAT THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE LEFT LANE NEAR THE 52 HWY ENTERENCE.
Potholes   street
Large potholes at intersection  Cuca st and Rancho Penasquos Blvd.
Description: Pothole in EB Lane
dangerous dip all across Hornblend on   W side   intersection  Jewel
Description: Badly damaged asphalt and potholes
Description: Badly damaged asphalt and potholes
POTHOLE
A pothole in  East bound lane
There are potholes in  yellow crosswalk paint north  Benchley-Weinberger school at 6269 Twin Lakes Drive.
Pothole.
There are a LOT  cracks and potholes in  alley behind  Summer Hill property at 3575 Ruffin Road. The alley is rough to drive on and impossible to bike. Cracks and holes create tripping hazards. Please fill se cracks. Thank you
There is a very large asphalt hole when traveling E bound Grand & Ingraham in  intersection.
A medium size asphalt sink hole in front   address. In  south east bound lane. A fairly deep hole.
PER OFFICE OF THE COUNCEL PRESIDENT. THERE IS A LARGE POTHOLE NEAR THE GRAND AND INGRAHM INTERSECTION ON THE EAST BOUND LANE OF GRAND.
There are 3 growing pot holes on La Jolla Parkway. Two are near  I-5 and  third is about halfway down  parkway. They are larger every time I drive  parkway.
potholes and fractured asphalt at intersection  Curie Street and Curie Way
E/B LANE, LARGE POTHOLE
west bound on W. Point Loma Blvd., right lane, outside Starbucks, several potholes need to be patched please.
east bound on W. Point Loma Blvd., right turn lane, in front  Genie Car Wash, several potholes need to be patched please.
east bound on W. Point Loma Blvd. left lane, a manhole cover is suated too deep from street surface, like a big pothole when drive over .  please fix. Thx.
The street is badly damaged through  area in  eastbound lanes. Many drivers swerve, sometimes into oncoming traffic lanes, during  commute hours to avoid  area   road.
POTHOLES IN ALLEY
Road damaged and uneven.
Entire street needs to be replaced really bad. 's  bumpiest ride ever.
The alley between Niagara and Narragansett Avenue has been a bumpy mess for two months.  Work was done to replace  Sewer line but  alley was never repaved.  Blacktop was sloppily added to fill  trench, but  was never smood and does damage to my car's suspension and alignment everytime I come home from work.  The alley is virtually undrivable unless you have a truck or SUV.  Many   residents have parking spaces on  alley.
Multiple pot holes
Approx 6 potholes on Morena Blvd North between Balboa Ave and Avati Dr,  East side  Morena
Large pothole
Pothole in westbound left lane  Sea World Dr. 75 yds. before Sea World Way.
Pot hole
We have  America's Finest Cy Half Marathon running through here  Sunday, August 21 and are wondering if se potholes on Liberator Way can be filled before n for  safety   runners. Thank you!
We have  America's Finest Cy Half Marathon running through here  Sunday, August 21 and are wondering if se potholes on Liberator Way can be filled before n for  safety   runners. Thank you!
We have  America's Finest Cy Half Marathon running through here  Sunday, August 21 and are wondering if se potholes on Liberator Way can be filled before n for  safety   runners. Thank you!
We have  America's Finest Cy Half Marathon running through here  Sunday, August 21 and are wondering if se potholes on Liberator Way can be filled before n for  safety   runners. Thank you! They will only be using  bayside lane.
We have  America's Finest Cy Half Marathon running through here  Sunday, August 21 and are wondering if se potholes on Liberator Way can be filled before n for  safety   runners. Thank you! They will only be using  bayside lane.
We have  America's Finest Cy Half Marathon running through here  Sunday, August 21 and are wondering if se potholes on Liberator Way can be filled before n for  safety   runners. Thank you! They will only be using  bayside lane.
We have  America's Finest Cy Half Marathon running through here  Sunday, August 21 and are wondering if se potholes on Liberator Way can be filled before n for  safety   runners. Thank you! They will only be using  bayside lane.
Various potholes at  intersection  Skyline Drive and Greenlawn Drive, San Diego 92114
2 potholes in LJ Shores Dr. near  location (intersections wh Biol. Grade and Shellback Way), one each in SB and NB lanes  LJ Shores.1 more pothole in roadway center  LJ Shores, south   location, by intersection wh Naga Way
cross street Idaho street and Polk Ave.  re is a huge pothole next to  sidewalk approx. 6'x8' really dangerous.
POT HOLE
large pothole at  location. Please fix .
There are three to four large potholes on La Jolla Shores Drive in and around  location.  Asphalt is crumbling and sting in  street.  Please fix all  m.  Just drive up La Jolla Shores Drive from El Paseo Grande and you can't miss all   potholes.  Thanks.
10-15 extremely large and deep potholes West  South Shores Parkway intersection on Old Sea World Dr. 2 large potholes East   intersection.This is 1 mile  a primary bikeway into Mission Valley also used on a daily basis by Park & Rec service vehicles to haul and remove waste bins from a Western waste collection station. Frequented also by Lifeguards as a rapid access to Mission Bay areas.
Pothole
Deep pothole about 10"
3 potholes on  street outside  7760 Nightingale

Pothole Wh chunks  concrete
Long string  potholes on fifth avenue.
Pothole in eastbound lane  Monroe Ave., just before Utah St.
I think  cy was doing some digging here and last night I discovered a lot  big cracks on  part   road.  I don't know if 's always been re but  looks like an earthquake happened here.  Could you fill in those cracks please.
Consumer states 3-4 potholes up and down Madrone from 63rd to 65th
STREET SINKING,SOUTHBOUND, NEXT TO NO U TURN SIGN, ON STREET SIDE, CLOSE TO CONDO DRIVEWAY
Pot hole in center  Lomica Dr. Needs fillong.
POTHOLE
Deep pothole
please send someone to fix . not only is  bad for tires going over ,  makes a loud banging noise wh every car that goes over  all day long. i work from home and hear  constantly while i am on  phone etc.  noise is unbearable anymore. please fix . thank you!
There's a big pothole in  alley by  supermarket.  has caused damage to my vehicle and now 's a total loss. Please have  taken care  asap before I ruin my or car. I will report  again if 's still re and file a claim.
Large pothole in  left west bound lane  Sea World Dr.
There was recent construction in  area wh Cy Trucks, after y cut up  street y left a large pot  hole in front   building.-Steven 619-253-1066
Large (greater than a foot) and fairly deep pothole on La Jolla Parkway into La Jolla from  52 (right lane) directly in  line  tires. Driving over  at 45 mph made me concerned that  caused damage to my vehicle, and now I have to come very close to moving into  or lane to avoid . Some small potholes are understandable;  one is a hazard.
Big hole in #1 fast lane 5 south
More new potholes on Montezuma Rd going East from Fairmount Ave all  way to Collwood Blvd
Various potholes on  entire block. Uneven pavement in several areas.
Various potholes on  entire block. Uneven pavement in several areas.
Huge pothole in road. No sidewalks for pedestrians, trip hazard!
Road hazard for cars and pedestrians
There are many various deep potholes at  entrance  La Jolla Parkway, where  52 and I-5 converge. Most potholes are located in  right lane, and continue down for a few blocks in both lanes until you reach  intersection. Most potholes are small, but deep enough to cause damage if you drive over m too fast. This morning I also saw a tire rim in  right lane, I do not know if 's removed by now.
Several potholes on Highwood Drive in need  repair - issue has been getting much worse.
When contractors rebuild both lanes  Juan and poured new concrete for  street, y left a huge bump/pothole on Taylor where  meets Juan Street. The east bound right hand lane  Taylor needs to be ground down to make  level wh Juan.I find  to be especially noticeable since  is right in front  CALTRANS entrance to ir headquarters for District 11!
Heading west as you go over  hill from  52 just before you descend into La Jolla
Pothole - bad for bikes and skates!

Very annoying. Utily cover has sunk
on Groveland between 53rd and 54th 's full  potholes very poor road condions
Pothole formed due to cracked street.  Size is approximately 18" x 18".
Series  large potholes in  southbound lane spanning a long distance.
Going west before San Bernardo ramp stretch  broken pavement.
2 large potholes , 1 in  middle   road between 10308 and 10307 Orozco. 1 near  curb between 10308 and 10316 Orozco Road
long narrow pothone
NUMEROUS POTHOLES ON THE STREET
Please can you have someone fix  section   street properly in between Hutton ave and Parkside  keep breaking  chunks  asphalt and hting cars parked on  street
On  road re are several giant car damaging pot holes. There have been attempts to fill  holes in wh sand or dirt and rocks but a week or so later after all  dirt blows away  holes are still re. A more permanent solution would be nice.
Map will not list proper location.  Very rough surface full  potholes on  15 North ramp from 94 East.
Street is crumbling
Multiple dangerous potholes have surfaced on both north and southbound lanes on San Pasqual Rd. between Via Sol Arriba and HIghway 78.  This is  main access road to  San Diego Wild Animal Park.
Multiple small pot holes in  middle   street on  8700 block  Dunaway Dr, La Jolla, CA.
POTHOLES AT 13750 AND 13700. TOTAL OF 3 LARGE POTHOLES.
Long deep pothole in center  street at start  Cuca Street f Penasquos Drive.  Anyone turning left on to Cuca hs  hole cause jarring damage to steering  car. Please fix and/or fill asap.Thank you.
Pothole is in middle  street between 6641 and 6632 delfern street. 's getting bigger by  week.
1 ft x 3ft and getting bigger
Many potholes. Too many to count.
Pothole southbound right lane.
Large pothole on 94-E framp to Euclid going northbound.  Located just under Euclid bridge over ex.
Pothole
 street has potholes..
Several potholes across whole lane.
Entire Asphalted alley deteriorated severely
Many many pot holes along  whole street
From  west end   5 ramp Till  turn f for la Jolla Shores Beach, many deep pot holes

Pot hole undermining street surface  Euclid Ave on west side  street, north  cy gate to Olivia Avenue
Pothole getting very bad on  corner  Mt Harris and Mt Herbert.
Large pothole on right hand lane going North on Fairmount Ave
Pothole in westbound lane  Clairemont Drive, just east  Clairemont Ct.
Pothole
Pot hole in  middle   street
Pothole
Pothole
Multiple potholes along Kearny Mesa Rd. in both directions.
Potholes at  intersection  Kearny Mesa Rd. and Convoy St.
Across from 4281 Avati Drive in  downhill lane is a 2 foot by 3 foot oblong hole about 4 inches deep wh anor smaller hole beside .
Pot hole on North bound  pomerado road just past rancho Bernardo road
I had put in a complaint a couple  months ago about potholes in front my house and you responded very quickly but not all holes were patched. I thought you would return but not yet so I thought I would put in anor request. Areas are in  street all along our property to include next to  curb where our tires get stuck.
Pothole westbound lane, lots  asphalt chunks in street.
Pothole needs filling, please. Going east on Del Mar Heights Rd in  left ( fast ) lane-- just past  intersection.
There are potholes going east through  intersection  Carmel Country Road and Del Mar Heights Rd.  Covers seem to be que deep.
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Street has big bump where  shouldn't.
Fucking up my suspension every time
Damaged street.
Potholes on  entire section spanning 500 yards
Pothole reported multiple times and street division closes case as completed, but pothole is still re attaching photos taken few days ago.
Potholes in alley. Very bumpy.
Asphalt missing ( clumps  asphalt out from  street)  from 17416 to 17448 Francisco Dr.  The missing asphalt runs perpendicular to  street.Varying sizes range from 4 inches x 10 inches  to 3x5 inches, etc.
several potholes in  parking lot
East bound lanes very large pothole
pothole right to curb and feels up wh water that never drains might have mosquoes not sure need to be drain and new blacktop
Large pothole is in  right lane on southbound Genesee about 50 yards south   intersection  Mt Alifan
Pothole - Located in  center turn lane, hidden by some pine needles. Directly in front   Northmost driveway entrance to 16885 W Bernardo Drive. (Is a circular driveway. Pothole is in front   driveway closest to  new construction for Scripps where Hooters used to be)
PER CUSTOMER THER IS A POTHOLE THAT IS COVERED BY ON CONE ON HUDSON DR EAST OF THE INTERSECTION.
Deep pothole
Pothole
About Behind 948 Diamond Street, From bind block to Cass Street  concrete alley has several broken concrete  and potholes
Horrible Road condions on Carmel Mountain Road, between Penasquos Drive & Rancho Penasquos Blvd.  There are multiple pot holes in  road, travelling in both directions.  In addion,  bike lane - in both directions are also uneven, have potholes, cracks and are dangerous to ride a bike on.  I think  entire section   road, including bike lanes, in BOTH DIRECTIONS, needs to be re-paved.  When we drive and/or bike on se roads re are potholes, cracks, bumps, etc everywhere.   is not safe.  Can you please fix?
Three large potholes in  area  La Jolla Parkway heading west
There was a water leak from an underground pipe in front  my driveway. The Cy fixed  water leak but left a massive pot hole directly in front  my driveway. Juniper street was recently resurfaced wh new asphalt, however,  resurfacing took place after  start   damage.
Potholes in  south lane- westbound
On ramp to W Mission Dr. has a number  potholes
Southbound lanes on W Mission Dr have a number  potholes before getting to  on ramp I-8 freeway
Potholes in  westbound lanes
Per consumer:  Pothole
Wondering when  stretch  road in front  Torrey Pines High School will be upgraded? Wh  exception on one block that was replaced last year,  road is getting really bumpy from Del Mar Heights between Signature Point and Carmel Canyon Road. Thanks!
Large elongated pothole.
Pothole at entrance to driveway
The street has no stripping left, and  surface is just gravel.
Alleyway full  potholes and dirt between Grim and 31st, South  Landis.
 entire 400 block  Briarwood Rd is in terrible need  resurfacing.   has broken and rough pavement and potholes.
Entire block  Seminole between Art Street and Stanley Avenue is pockmarked wh potholes and broken up pavement.  Wasn't owner  Blvd 63 supposed to pay  Cy extra for maintenance issues related to  development?
This keeps coming back?I've reported  and 's been fixed several times. 's on  main route to  freeway for many people.
Crumbling street forming two potholes.
Crumbling pavement.
Cy street adjacent to Barra Barra Saloon is pretty busted up.  Customers have tripped.
Worsening pothole.N/B #1 lane Appears previous repair work "strip" is failing
Huge pothole in right merge lane
There is a small sink hole that has been growing in front  our address next to  sewage.
Large depression has been created in  asphalt in front  2900 4th ave appears to be caused by  Bus stop and a former repair by  water department last year . This dip continues to sink and is causing a Dangerous condion to traffic heading south in  west lane . estimate that  pavement has sunk 8 to 10 inches from  surface   street
Great deal  Damage to  street including  curb, gutter, and surfaces   street caused by  construction next door , street and surfaces have deterioratedto  extent that re is a dangerous condions existing  for traffic and pedestrians
POTHOLE IN ALLEY

Directly in front   gas station in  northbound bike lane at  Gas Station at 2305 Sunset Cliffs Blvd. re is a roughly 3 ft long pothole extending from  curb. This is very dangerous to cyclists and I'm worried may cause someone to fall f ir bike or have to swerve into traffic.
There are some potholes in  area, re's gap in  road and 's very dangerous!Thanks!
There's a pot hole on Dove Canyon Rd to  North!
Pot hole 7 inches deep 12 inches diameter
Multiple potholes if front  my house
Pothole in left lane next to median.
There are growing potholes on both sides  Sea World Drive.  Very near  ex   park.
Eastbound Carmel Valley Road at Winecreek There are 2 huge settlements at manhole covers causing very unsafe suation as cars try to swirl around  last minute or at night.
There is a large pot hole directly in front  building 3123 at Canyon Ridge Apartments. (on  street) Feel free to contact  fice 619-276-1400
Intersection  Aero Dr and Aero Ct not patched appropriately by contractor. Bumpy and uneven patches  asphalt
Market Street eastbound, right lane.  Between 29th and 30th street.  Pothole damaged my tire and wheel and alignment.
POT HOLE
Pothole near  bus stop going north on 30th st just before reaching North Park Way.
Pothole
Pothole
Numerous potholes on Seminole Dr between a Estelle Street and Art St
This sinkhole has been growing and is currently 1 ft W, 2.5 ft L , >1ft D
Pot hole near pine tree in front  12241 Rios Rd
chuckhole on Ingraham SB - Sea World dr ex ramp - under W Mission Bay Dr overpassProblem Location:     249 SEA WORLD DR, 92109'
Multiple (at least 5 potholes) in various location along  decaying road. NB Fairmount just south  Montezuma. I am constantly putting in requests for pothole repairs along  same section  road
This manhole cover is hazardous. Way too deep - needs to be fixed. In front  4025 Pacific Highway.
Located in  left driving lane, east side  El Camino Real, approximately 300 feet south  Derby Downs road. The street pavement is in fact lifting in  area from an underground source possibly a tree root/limb, causing a lifting   road surface (very uneven).   creates a road hazard to vehicles driving southbound in  left lane and is at risk  causing people to swerve into  or lane causing dangerous driving/vehicle condions.
Theta are several large breaks/humps in  road surface in  bicycle lane in  stretch   road. This is particularly dangerous since  bike lane is in  shade   trees so  makes  difficult to see  severely broken surface. I've personally had several near accidents due to . 's urgent to take care  .BRHans
Pot holes east  pomerado on highland valley trail staging area.
pothole @ intersection
pothole @ intersection southwest corner


Major potholes in crosswalk
Pothole at least 6-8 inches deep in  right hand lane at  intersection.
Several large/deep potholes on  northbound side  fairmont.
POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION
Pothole on southbound lane near  double yellow line.

Series  deep potholes in  north/east lanes  1100 Rosecrans.

Description: Potholes and raised asphalt on WB El Cajon Blvd, just before Oregen.
Description: Badly damaged asphalt at  intersection
Description: Numerous potholes at  location.
Traveling south on Mission Blvd and taking a right onto N Jetty Rd re is a pothole right after  concrete drainage divot.  See image attached for exact location.  The image is a screenshot from google maps.  The actual pothole is much larger than what is shown in  image.
Hi,On sat 08/27 around 6pm I h  pothole on 4th and A street,  caused my tire to pop right away. I had to get my car towed out  next day and have  tire replaced. I also need to get  alignment done as well. When I went to get my car towed, I saw that a cone had been placed by  hole,  cone was not re on sat around 6pm. I need to know how to get reimbursed by  cy for  damage that was done to my car.Thanks,Tiffany Kerwin949-584-8293Miss.tiffany.kerwin@gmail.com
Large raised asphalt area in North bound lane causing traffic to routinely and dangerously cross to South bound lane to avoid  raised area.  This is a dangerous suation and can lead to collision wh oncoming traffic.
located on westbound La Jolla Parkway between  5/52 freeway f-ramps
The opening  Summ, from Avalon, has many potholes. Can you flatten  please?  (Sorry  red dot wouldn't land on summ, which is a dead end road and has no house addresses.)
Pot hole
The bridge between Sports Arena Blvd. and Sea World is in MAJOR disrepair.   is loaded wh potholes and big cracks.  One light earthquake and that bridge and everyone on  is history.  Scary!
Several potholes south  Montezuma. One   potholes is VERY BIG,  ors are just big - y are all big enough that y need to be dodged and not driven over.
POTHOLE
Pothole in Right Hand lane. Please repair.
There is a large pothole or sewer divet in  street.  's located right in front   bus stop just south  Rigel St.
HUGE POTHOLE AT 4TH & A ST
Pothole just south  Del Cerro Bl in southbound lane.
There is a new pothole in front  my home,@3646 Curlew St  is in  center   street.  is small now, but  will be bigger by  evening
Potholes and ruts in alley between Illinois St. and Ohio St.  3900 block
There are several large potholes on La Jolla Parkway both near  52 and on  eastbound and westbound side.  They are really big!!
POTHOLE at #3 lane in intersection
Pothole - large depression in road; dirt coming through
The whole stretch  Westmore Road in MIra Mesa is riddled wh wholes. Can  please get fixed?
Very old, very large pothole, left lane
Due to  striping changes on Voltaire St  Manhole Cover is now directly in  path  travel. The manhole cover is not secured properly and rattles when cars drive over .
Reported about 5 months ago. Result- 15 inch whe circle painted around .  is more like a sinkhole. 08-29-16  measures 5 inches deep by 13 inches diameter and  probes to about 12" deep through a crack in  bottom.  is exactly where a bicycler would ride and is a hazard. Swerving would put a biker in 45 m.p.h. traffic is 5 feet East   STOP line for eastbound Ollie St. autos.
Large hole in  alley between 3125 and 3121 Thorn Street.
On Cardeno Dr. heading South towards Turquoise St. a few feet just before  stoplight at Turquoise St. re is a raised part   street that is killing our suspensions.  nees to be flattened out.
Pothole
Pothole westbound
Potholes in  eastbound lanes.
Potholes in  4400 block  44th St.
Potholes between 4557 and 4680 W Talmadge Dr.
Pothole on  south side   intersection  E Canterbury Dr and Edgeware Rd.
Potholes on  norast corner   intersection  Plum St and Fenelon St.
Pothole in front  3628 Garrison St.
Large, deep cracks in  road.  Tripping hazard and bad for cars and bikes.
Intersection  Bancrt St./Collier Ave. 92116- Several foot long, 3-5 inches deep potholes wh missing material in insersection; also some cracked/lifting areas wh material still in place, but loose. Heavy bicycle & large vehicle usage  intersection.
large pothole hazard and chunks  asphalt in middle  road
The stretch   road has lot  potholes and  is becoming dangerous to drive on  stretch  Camino Del Norte road. Please think  repaving  stretch at  earliest.
There is a Pothole on Ted Williams Parkway heading East in  Left Lane right before Shoal Creek Drive.
Pothole in  northbound lane  Kleefeld Ave.
Pothole in  northbound lane  Kleefeld Ave.
Buckled asphalt on Right hand lane northbound Rosecrans St. Approximately 20' long strip
Georgia Street from Monroe to Madison is riddled wh potholes and large cracks in  pavement.  is unsafe for passage via bicycle and needs to be repaved.
Westbound on Balboa Ave, immediately after/at  corner  Clairemont Drive,  right side   lane and  bike lane contain many large cracks and potholes.
Correction: The pavement issue is on  *Northbound left lane  El Camino Real not  southbound lane. We apologize for any confusion. Thank you:) Previously submted Report #:  00101826 & Report Category: PotholeReport Type: StreetsAddress: Approximately ...13641 El Camino Real, San Diego, CA 92130, USADescription: Located in  left driving lane, east side  El Camino Real, approximately 300 feet south  Derby Downs road. The street pavement is in fact lifting in  area from an underground source possibly a tree root/limb, causing a lifting   road surface (very uneven).  creates a road hazard to vehicles driving (should be *northbound left lane) southbound in  left lane and is at risk  causing people to swerve into  or lane causing dangerous driving/vehicle condions.
There are pothotes and road problems (bumps, cracks, etc) on Gerana Street as you turn onto  from Carmel MOuntain Road -- can you please fix large potholes and do whatever else is necessary to make a smooth driving surface.   is unsafe.
There are 2 huge potholes on  bridge leading to  North 5 entrance   freeway.  Drivers are maneuvering around m to avoid m but can be unsafe especially for people on motorcycles as y can be h by  drivers that are maneuvering around  potholes or y too can h  potholes as well.
Potholes and uneven surface for 300 yards on both directions  Clairemont mesa blvd.


ALL  Washington St from Pacific Hwy leaving MCRD all  way up to India St is FULL  pot holes and uneven pavement. There are old tracks re as well that are not being used and  creates more holes.  seems to be getting worse every single day.
The street is in bad shape. Numerous potholes and broken asphalt. Pothole on cy ROW adjacent to private driveway. Asphalt in  middle   street is really bad.
HUGE hole in  Mira Mesa Communy Park parking lot.   entire parking lot needs to be resurfaced.  re are potholes every where.
mira mesa communy park's parking lot full  potholes.  need resurfacing and holes filled
Road crumbling
Test
The street is sinking and  water meter lids are loose. This is a hazard to car tires causing noise, grim, etc. Wh every tire that goes over se loose lids  more  pavement jars.  This issue was reported last month Service Report 00097438. And will be reported by me every month until action is taken. A nuisance, hazard and more damage daily. Unable to directly report  to  Water Department as I see no visible water leak.
s deceiving to look at  mess  an intersection, try driving thru  going east to west and worse west to east.  You're thrown all over  place  middle   cross section is a disaster

Multiple potholes. Very bad. Chunks fly and h cars and people.
There are horrible pot holes on West bound Poway Road, from  Cy  Poway to  I-15.
Pot holes and broken asphalt at corner  Rancho Bernardo Rd and Meandro Dr need filling.
Depression in road around metal plate cover in road located on south bound lane  Springbrook Dr. at Briar Knoll Way  intersection.
Series  potholes and uneven road surface around manhole covers on east bound right lane from Pomerado to Scripps Summ Dr
Series  potholes and uneven road surface around manhole covers on westbound right lane from Pomerado to Scripps Summ Dr
Southbound number 1 lane
Not just one pothole,  street! Mostly  far right lane, West bound, from HWY 15 until before Camino San Bernardo, because I guess at some point re  is no longer Cy  SD and  Road is beautifully smooth!
Pothole in right hand lane for I-5N Garnet on ramp.
pothole @ intersection

just west  Linda Vista Rd and Marian way, in  north lane traveling west.
Not very distinct large pothole, on eastbound R lane just past traffic signal light after De Portola Middle school. Could be fatal to a motorcyclist. A few meters east (  about 50 mts), on left lane, re is a large bump that is not easily visible - that could also prove to be fatal to a motorcyclist.
Pothole in left lane  east bound Ted Williams Pkwy right before left turn lane appears in Ted Williams and Shoal Creek intersection.
Large section  road breaking apart, raised/lowered sections, potholes
Large pothole, approximately 1.5 ft in diameter, in  northbound, far right lane  Rosecrans Street in front   gas station.
TWO POTHOLES IN FRONT OF THIS ADDRESS.
  Northwest corner  6th Avenue and Universy. A very large Pothole is in  turning  section  Southbound traffic turning West.
This street was slurried about 8 months ago. The slurry is coming f on  w/b section near ivory coast
Large pothole in left hand lane on east bound side  Ted Williams parkway just prior to shoal creek intersection
Street was torn up by contractor to Cox and left un-repaired for over three months so far.  Mira Mesa Blvd at Westview Parkway, north side  intersection
Street and concrete sidewalk was torn up by contractor to Cox and left un-repaired for over three months so far.  Marauder way at Stanwell St and Stanwell st
Street and concrete sidewalk was torn up by contractor to Cox and left un-repaired for over three months so far.  Mira Mesa Blvd @ Montongo
Small pothole at  bottom  Texas St. Dangerous for cyclists
In reference to track number 00099120. I think your people did look at  problem but did not repair? 's not as bad as some but  is getting worse each day. The Asphalt meeting  street cement gutter need repair as re is a pothole ruining  length   driveway at 12253 Rios rd San Diego CA 92128. Thank you
Pothole lane going uphill
Street is and has always been in bad condion. Please repair. Potholes and bumps
Street is and has always been in bad condion. Please repair. Potholes and bumps. Street is also very uneven.
Multiple potholes at  intersection  Sports Arena Blvd and Kemper St. East bound lanes  intersection.
Large pothole near  curb just before  sharp right hard turn heading west in front   house.
This is second request to 00093162 to let you know that re is a large, dangerous pot hole, wh a protruding rock in  middle ready to puncture tires, on Paseo del Verano Norte, on  north side   street between Camino Emparrado and Via Acantilada. We live in  +55 Oaks North Senior Cizen Communy in  Rancho Bernardo area  San Diego and  road is a major ex for over 2000 residents each day. Anything that can be done about  street repair would be greatly appreciated! Sincerely Carole and Gary Fultz
Large pothole heading east on Ted Williams and Shoal Creek Drive. is as you enter  left turn lane to Shoal Creek Drive.
Two potholes westbound Clairemont Drive near Erie St
left lane  Ted Williams Parkway east bound - deep pothole
The following intersection maybe eligible for potential maintenance from Universy Ave to El Cajon Boulevard on College Ave. There maybe some potholes and uneven pavement.
Pothole wh chunks  road laying about.
Pot hole immediately f curb. Easy place to twist an ankle
Please fill/fix  pothole on Ted Williams Parkway....east bound...left lane before  Shoal Creek Drive traffic light.
Uh, s a pothole...
Margerum ave, between Sallisaw Ct and Ponca Ct, 3-4 large potholes in both southbound and northbound lanes
Pothole n/b lane
2 potholes in  s/b lanes
Significant potholes in road at Prospect Place and Park Row
Numerous potholes in  east lane  elm, just east  14th Street.  Repairs recently made about 15 feet east   spot. I believe  may be generated by  3-5 vehicles that Bailey Painting parks on  roadside, nightly.
Pothole in  number one eastbound lane  Ted Williams Parkway just before  left turn onto Shoal Creek Dr 92128. Thank you.
2 LARGE POTHOLES
The section  street in between Hutton and parkside needs to be resurface  contanlly being patch ir cracks and potholes being form.. And causing asphalt and debris to fly out.. All ors streets around us have being resurface except ours.. Thank you for your consideration..
Lots  pot holes.
The left lane in  intersection  Ted willisms Parkway snd Shoal Creek Drive had  A holeThe hole is two feet wide and  damaged my cars and caused danger, pl fix  as soon as possible,
A surveyor doing a survey for  property at 3250 Brandywine St dug a hole in  middle  Mt. Laurence in front  our house to find a survey marker. When he left,  hole was not filled in/repaired. Sorry I do not know who  surveyor was.  is getting deeper every day.ThanksBen
MONUMENT LIDS NEED TO BE FIXED. MAKING A LOT OF NOISE AND PEOPLE ARE COMPLAINING THINKING THEY'RE POTHOLES BUT THERE ARE NO POTHOLES IN THIS INTERSECTION.
Pothole in  northbound #2 lane at 1145 South 28th St.
Potholes in  northbound lane in  1200 block  South 27th St.
Minor asphalt repair needed near  bus stop on La Jolla Shores Drive, north  Shellback Way.
Potholes in  southbound lane.
Pothole on crosswalk line, westbound Scripps Lake Dr at Red Cedar Dr.
Pothole on Rios needs filling
Please repair asphalt that was improperly patched on  intersection  Kearny Villa Rd wh Tech Way. These are BUMPS not patches. Contractor that did  work did not fill m flat. They need to be properly flattened. Thank you.
SDPD ON SITE,  SINKHOLE FORMING

Number 1 west bound lane
Utily cover is broken in pieces.
A deep hole at begging  turning lane on intersection   Ted Williams Hwy & Shoal Creek Rd .  Drivers trying to avoid  deep hole are moving to or lanes wh cars traveling 60 miles an hour.  Very dangerous, and also damaging cars in process.
On Mohawk St at 69th, westbound
Mohaawk St, westbound at 68th.
Vent cover below grade hazard on bike lane.
6 potholes on Cabela Dr @ Luz, Rancho Bernardo (11493 Luz Rd,San Diego, CA  92127)
POTHOLE
Number 1 lane eb  50 yards west   intersection .
Location: Alley Behind 4546 40th Street. SAP ID: SA-002046Evaluate to fix damages around Alley. (Fix Potholes, replace concrete streets, etc.)
Large dip just past  stop sign near  NE corner  Cesar Chavez and Julian.  Bad for suspension.
Pothole
Pothole
10 potholes in  road
Pothole in front  720 Turquoise St.
Potholes in  1000-1299 blocks  Turquoise St.
Pothole in  southbound lane.
Pothole in  southbound lane in  4400 block  Olney St.
Potholes in  northbound lanes in  4400-4499 blocks  Ingraham St.
Potholes in  southbound lanes in  4400 block  Mission Bay Dr.
Pothole along  gutter at  driveway entrance to 5545 La Jolla Blvd.
Eastbound Ted Williams Parkway, 50 yards before  traffic light at Shoal Creek Drive in  #3 lane. Deep pothole
pot hole on Meade just west  Louisiana St
The south entrance to  alleyway between Howard & Polk and Ohio & Illinois has deep potholes. The rest   alleyway is very uneven but at  very least I'd like  entrance potholes filled.
Westbound Grand Avenue, left turn lane onto Olney south has a pothole close to   median curb.
Huge pothole and serious pavement deterioration around a manhole cover west   Meade Ave and Louisiana St. intersection.  Looks as though a sink hole is about to form at  location.
Multiple potholes on La Palma St.
Tracking numbers 00099120 and 00103388, I'm not sure  is  right way to get to you but I want to thank you all for completing  above work request. Guy Stacy US Navy retired.
There are an abundance  Potholes and uneven pavement on Rancho Carmel Drive beginning from Provenal Place to Carmel Mtn Rd.
Multiple potholes
The entire 7400 block  Armstrong Pl is full  potholes. Please repair or slurry street.
Uneven, rough, street surface.
The concrete ally is sinking substantially at  east entrance to  ally between  1200 blocks  Emerald St. and Diamond St. at Fanual St.   is becoming extremely dangerous to enter  ally f  Fanuel St. as  concrete is caving in and becoming undermined.  This area is in immediate need  repair.  The manhole lid is sinking all around  and  concrete is cracking.
Large, quickly growing pothole in  NB lane  Golfcrest Dr. (approximately in front  7748 Golfcrest Dr.)
Large pot holes cause damage to alignments  vehicles
Large pothole wh large concrete pieces blocking  roadway
Northbound on Black Mountain Road btwn Mirarmar Rd & Activy...A hole was filled but  asphalt has sunk on half  patch. The hole is bad enough so if h,  could cause damage to a vehicle.  Hard to see because  patch is black and bigger than just  new hole.

Two large potholes.
There are a series  potholes on EB Jade Coast from Saluda to Westonhill. They are along  inside   lane near  yellow dividing line.
Alleyway destroyed by large construction trucks
Large & deep (2-3 feet) pothole right next to steel plates that were put in during construction.  Right in  middle   intersection. Very dangerous
Six strong potholes between five freeway and La Jolla Shores.
BAD POTHOLE,  E/B  TIRE BLEW UP DUE TO POTHOLEIN FRONT OF MISSION
10" deep pothole next to sidewalk in street
Pot hole at  intersection / and 300 yards east
WESTSIDE   X -WALK ...HAS BAD POTHOLE
Two potholes about a foot apart, one is 12"x18" and 1.5" deep;  or is 6"x10" and about 1.5" deep. Chunks  asphalt breaking f and enlarging  larger pothole periodically for  past 2 months.
There is a section   north bound, right lane  Rosecrans Street, prior to Shelter Island Drive, in front   bank, where  concrete is deteriorating and crumbling so much that  has created large potholes.
There is a pothole on  right side   roundabout at Senn Way on eastbound Via Capri
AS you are in  eastbound lane  Via Capri 30 to 40 feet before turning left on to Hidden Valley Road, re is a pothole.
There are 7-8 potholes along  stretch  westbound La Jolla Parkway between  crest   hill towards Torrey Pines Road. They are in  left lane.
Large potholes in  westbound #2 lane
Pothole
Pothole
Most all  Gold Coast Dr between Black Mountain Rd & Camino Ruiz is horrible. many large pot holes, divers & breakdown   road. I moved onto Eagle Rock Ave a few months ago & driving  surrounding residential roads is just horrible.
I moved onto Eagle Rock Ave a few months ago & driving  surrounding residential roads is just horrible. I drive on Jade Coast Rd everyday & re are many potholes & road breakdown areas.
Hi,There are que a few potholes on Marbury from Chart House to Hillery primarily on SB Marbury, but both side Ls could use eir patching or full road repairs. Thanks!Bryan
Potholes and badly damaged asphalt at  location.
Badly damaged asphalt on  entire cy block
Deep pothole and crosswalk hazard
2 potholes
The asphalt in front   driveway is  deteriorating.
Pothole on south/right side lane, just before stop sign
Pothole on  west side   intersection near  yellow divider lines.
Pothole located at  intersection  Texas & Camino del Rio. 's in  crosswalk after you cross Camino del Rio as you come down  Texas St hill.  causes cars to veer into  right lane as y try to avoid  pothole in  left lane.
Multiple potholes at intersection  Ingulf st and Denver st.  Please fix.
POTHOLE WEST OF THE 52 PER PD
  start  eastbound Eastgate Drive, re are several potholes.
Dangerous hole in alleyway  (used as a road), next to 3334 Lincoln Ave. On  north side  Lincoln Ave.
Please fix several new Potholes and Cracks along Montezuma Rd going East; from Fairmount Ave all  way to Collwood Blvd. This is a 4th Request and nothing has been fixed. Thank you.
Between Federal and Tooley, multiple potholes, including around manhole.
Street repair crews left a strip  dug up road corner black mountain Rd and Mira Mesa Blvd.
4700 block  Newport Av all up and down  street
asphalt appears to be breaking up and rising

There is a large pothole directly in front  3767 Central Ave.
The entire main street  Rancho Carmel Drive is in desperate need for repair.  The road is uneven, filled wh holes, and severely damaged.Damage is extremely bad from Ted Williams Parkway to Carmel Mountain Road
Southbound LJ Shores Dr., at intersection wh Naga Way, pothole/broken pavement
SB LJ Shores Dr., near intersection  Ruette Monte Carlo. large new pothole
THIS IS A WASTE OF TAXPAYER MONEY! This street just got a new coat  asphalt and got repaved 2 months ago. Now  got dug again and a temporary and improperly made patch has been made. Cy services need to be better coordinate. PLEASE REPAIR CORRECTLY
Bumpy uneven paving near jntersection. Heading west on La Jolla Village Dr
Deep divot. Getting deeper
Medium pothole in middle  road
Ramp from Friars Rd West into Mission Village Dr north has potholes
Going north on Sandrock Rd. Uneven pavement in front  Preschool. Temporary fill is sinking in
The long rut running down Orozco Road is becoming hazardous.  I h   or night while riding my motorcycle and almost lost control.  This rut is over 6 inches deep in spots.  I know  street is scheduled for repairs but  rut needs to be filled in asap/
Large potholes between  area  58th - 60th & Universy Ave.
Large pothole at entrance  94 East MLK freeway
 roads have a lot  potholes and bumps. needs a layer  asphalt. North Torrey Pines Road as  passes by  Natural Reserve.
Pothole on NB Fairmount at  framp to Montezuma

There is a large pothole in  right lane on west-bound La Jolla Parkway, just shortly after 52 West dead-ends into .
There are about 5 potholes on Margerum Ave that are VERY VERY BAD.I have bend my rim and re are BIG chunks  Asphalt are in  middle   street.They need to be fixed ASAP before someone gets hurt.
Water always collects right in  middle   intersection  39th and Monroe.  There is not proper drainage, and we suspect water is seeping through  ground.  Now,  street is so chewed up and water is sting stagnant.  We fear that mosquo larva will be allowed to grow, and ZIKA virus infected mosquos will infest our neighborhood.  We have just welcomed a newborn into  house, and fear that her safety may be at risk.  This is URGENT.  Please help.

2 Large potholes in  far right lane in front  shopping plaza
There are two significant potholes in  intersection  Froude at Muir Ave.
uneven paving on Jefferson right before Camino Del Rio W
Large pot hole on  north side   street.
Good size pothole right behind 8135 Mira mesa Blvd "Game Stop" shop on Reagan RD.
From  intersection  El Paso Real and Muirlands Drive up to 1522 El Paso Real.Many potholes, broken pavement, etc. 's a tire-killer!
Nunerous potholes in front  3713 Clavela Street, San Diego, 92154, street appearing to be sinking!
Lots  potholes on both sides   road along Margerum Avenue. Pot holes occur from  intersection  Fontaine Street and Margerum Avenue up to  corner  Navajo Road. Really bad around  intersection  Ponca Court and Margerum Avenue on  bend.
Potholes along Fontaine Street near intersections  Formal Court and Hamlet Avenue. There is also a storm drain at  bottom   hill (near Hamlet Avenue) which has sunk about 4 inches. If a car/bike hs that re will be major damage.
Potholes along both sides   road starting at  intersection  Navajo Road and College Avenue heading east up  hill.
Potholes on  west bound side starting at  intersection  Waring Road and Navajo Road. Worst portion is between Navajo Road and Galewood Street (heading northwest).
Pothole at intersection  Brunswick Avenue and Glenroy Street.
I stepped in  getting f my motorcycle
5000 block  Newport Ave. Both sides.
Problem still exists.
Middle   street f 6330 Lake Arago.  Street is breaking apart and pothole is forming.
Pothole at intersection
Big pothole in front  apartments, seems to be getting worse.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole in  intersection  La jolla rancho Rd and Cottontail land.
Pothole and damaged cement in  intersection/crosswalk  Pearl St and Girard Ave, east side. Pothole has been filled before but only lasts for a few months n pothole is back. Dangerous in  crosswalk. Have seen people fall because  pothole and damaged or poorly laid concrete in  intersection.
There are two potholes growing on La Jolla Shores Drive just north and south  Paseo Dorado in  southbound lanes.
There are many potholes in  middle  Dunaway Drive just west  Torrey Pines Road in  middle   street.  There are also potholes a few yards to  west on Dunaway Drive at  entrance to Bordeaux Drive.
Pothole right in front   curb ramp
I live on a street that is highly used by cars picking up and dropping f ir kids at school.  Please get someone out here to fix  potholes and to make sure that y will hold up for a while.  I would really like your consideration in  matter.  Thank you.
There are several (6-10) sizable potholes along Margerum Ave in both north & southbound lanes  traffic between Navajo Rd & Viar Ave.  Drivers must swerve into oncoming traffic to avoid hting several  se potholes resulting in public safety issues &  increased potential for accidents along  curving road.
Follow up to tracking number 00101745.Please send a crew to repair  Scripps Ranch Blvd between Affiny Court and Erma Road. The street is a mess wh long rutted grooves and potholes. I pull out  Affiny court onto  mess every single day and 's taking a toll on my car and my patience. The area above  block and below has been paved but  section was re-striped not repaired.  's ridiculous and  needs attention. I have attached photos.
Pothole discontinuy
High point in street
Potholes
Westbound Miramar Rd. #1 has several potholes that are long and deep.
Westbound lane, close to yellow stripes at protected turn into Mendoza Elementary
We have a handful  streets which are in dire need  patch repairs. The patches are larger than potholes and are a danger to drive on.
The Rancho mission park parking lot is in dire need  patch repairs. The patches are larger than potholes and are a danger to drive on.
We have a handful  streets which are in dire need  patch repairs. The patches are larger than potholes and are a danger to drive on.
Per consumer: Potholes need to be repaired. NE corner  Mohawk x-68th
Per Consumer:  Pothole needs to be repaired on NE corner on Mohawk x-69th














Pothole
Pothole



Pothole in middle lane  intersection heading west on N Harbor Drive
Failed pothole patch in front   address
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes at  seem where Washington ST meets  bridge.  Both EB & WB.  Piling more asphalt on  again is not  answer.
Full alley on Westside  3535 madison ave. The alley has potholes and cracks needs to be fixed and patched and re surfaced.
 n end  Genesee Court East re is a large hole in  street.   is before  entrance to  parking lot to our communy.  This is a HUGE safety concern and needs to be taken care  as soon as possible.
Pothole
The street is very bad at  intersection going west y work on  divider but not  street?
Pot hole before light and el paseo grande and la jolla shores - northwest side  street
On Groveland drive going towards 54th Street re are a bunch  potholes I submted a request previously and  has been hard close but no work has been done
The entire roadway along Via Frontera is ltered wh pot holes. I counted 10 just from West Bernardo Drive to my workplace at 10920 Via Frontera. There is also a large crack along  entire length  Via Frontera. Finally,  intersection  West Bernardo and Via Frontera seems to have sagged, causing  manhole to stick out so significantly that  must be avoided.
2  large potholes on Euclid between Isla Vista and Dwight.  Dangerous because people are swerving into oncoming traffic to avoid.
Deep rut in street
Multiple potholes between Lomica Dr. and Rancho Bernardo Rd.
8300 Block  Vickers St has significant Asphalt damage/existing pot holes and several areas where asphalt is currently breaking apart and laying in roadway.








Pothole on  center lane 50 yards before  intersection when heading towards airport.


Pothole on  center lane at  intersection when heading towards airport.
Pothole and uneven surface on  center lanes for 100 yards.
Pothole and cracked asphalt in that section for 50 yards going North
POTHOLE IN W.B LANE
The entire road way  Rancho Carmel Drive from Carmel Mountain Road south to Ted Williams Parkway needs to be repaved - not patched - re are too many potholes and broken pavement areas   asphalt to make a smooth road wh patching.  Please repave  entire roadway.   is quickly becoming not much better than a dirt road.  Thank you.
Pothole turning into a sink hole
Thermal Ave between Coronado Ave & Elm Ave has several sewer laterals that have been patshed wh asphalt, but have created a VERY ROUGH ROAD.  is all due to  new development on  old Marian High School se. Can you folks get  Developer/Contractor to fix  road ASAP..
Large pothole on  5400 block  universy ave in  middle lane

Several potholes in front  Burger King outside lane.  Thank you, David
Med pothole in  area WB W. Point Loma Blvd before Famosa Blvd.  Thank you, David
West  Hawthorne St.
Multiple pot holes on south bound side  greyling Dr  from Jones Elementary School to Harjoan Ave
Multiple potholes west bound side  Harjoan Ave from Greyling Dr to Murray Ridge Road
Large Pothole encompassing entire lane on west bound # 1 lane  Friars Rd just past Denny's restaurant.
Two to three inch deep pot hole near corner  esplendente
Two to three inch deep two feet long pothole near corner  fino drive
Three inch deep pothole in  middle  eastbound Esmeraldas
Cy sidewalk
Sidewalk broken
Major pothole that's hard to avoid.
Potholes all over  road. 3 or 4.
POTHOLE ON PARKSIDE  AV
Sink hole developing over  last several months. Road is bowing and getting deeper. Started in lane three now extending to lane one. Getting worse. Cars are almost airborne after impact in lane three. Visible from Google satelle images now. Someone is going to get into an accident.
Pothole on Curie St. as you go up  hill from Pire Ave.
Large pothole in  right east bound lane.
The section  Rancho Carmel Drive (both Northbound & Southbound) extending from intersection at Evening Creek Drive North to Carmel Mountain Road contains severe rutting and potholes. The Arc GIS street pavement condions online show  area was last inspected 04/29/2011??? The condions listed are inaccurate and should be reevaluated as Poor. Given  qualy   road (or lack re), I was shocked to see  recent resurfacing project south  Evening Creek Drive North did not continue on. Instead  area was simply re-striped...  I've been driving  area weekly for 5 years. Wear and tear on vehicles driving  route is significant. When will  area be fixed?
The entire length  Zion between Mission Gorge and Waring is trashed.  Have to straddle  painted median to drive around bad road.

There are potholes along  entire road, stretching from  Cy  San Diego portion to Poway cy lims, that present a real driving hazard. The road condion is also very poor and will need to be repaved before  rainy season causes more damage.

There are multiple big holes on  yellow lane dividing line   street.
Multiple pot holes next to  whe line near  stop sign at  intersection  Dunaway Dr and Bordeaux Av.
There is a deep pothole at  entrance to  alleyway f   north side  Polk Ave., between Ohio St. and Illinois St. I'll just attach images to show  exact location and pothole self.
Multiple potholes westbound on Gold Coast Drive from Baywood Lane to Westonhill Drive.
Santo Rd. From Antigua north to  52 is in real bad shape. Needs pot holes filled and multiple bumps remove at a minimum. But should be resurfaced.
There is a large pothole on Friars Road Westbound approximately across  road from Nordstrom.
  intersection  Conestoga way & Conestoga pl re are large chunks  loose pavement.
Street in disrepair on Kelton Road in Emerald Hills
Tree roots have pushed up asphalt. Road is very uneven and bumpy.  Been  way for a long time. Needs attention
Several potholes. Uneven road,  entire street is terrible.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Large pothole on left lane going south on Clairemont Drive right before you take 5-N ramp
Large pothole on 54th St. in  northbound lane that comes up about two car lengths after you turn onto  street from 54th/Collwood. Because 's at  start   road, drivers don't see  pothole coming and  jolts cars that h .  has grown larger  more cars h .
2 new potholes
multiple potholes and holes have surfaced both north and southbound on San Pasqual Rd. between Via Sol Arriba and Highway 78 near Old Milky Way. This one lane road has become very dangerous and one  only two access roads to  Wild Animal Park and Ramona.  Can you please help us wh ?  Thank you!
Pothole on  north side   intersection  Howard Ave and Mississippi St.
Potholes between 3839 and 3912 Georgia St.
Potholes in  4300-4399 blocks  Trias St.
Potholes in  2500-2899 blocks  Jackson St.
Street in disrepair due to high traffic and buses
There are a number  pot holes on our street on Torrance Street.
Pothole in  middle   intersection
Pothole on west side  road. Just before turning lane to famosa blvd
This is a designated bike road wh dozens  pot holes and cracks. So incredibly unsafe.
Two foot pothole in middle  street
The potholes make  difficult/ unsafe to drive through  street.
There is a 5ft x 1ft pot hole in front  my driveway that is only getting larger.  Every time I would back my car out,  bottom  my car would scrap.  Please fix.  The address is 3333 54th st. Zip 92105.  Thank you!
large pothole traveling eastbound via de la valle
potholes need to be patched over
Crumbled pothole.
Crumbling potholes.
3 potholes.
Pothole.
Pot hole that is buckling
Pothole
A Couple Months back re was a water break and y came and fixed , as a result  asphalt has been cracking and getting worse and now re is a big pothole.
There is a pothole and loose asphalt in front  5171 silk place
On West Mt. View Dr. from Adams Ave to  junction  WMV Dr. & Lchfield Rd, which is also where West Mt. View becomes North Mt. View, re are several very deep potholes, some have been repeatedly refilled but y eventually have all gotten worse. The temporary patches are no longer working, when will  entire street be repaved? We need some immediate assistance wh  as 's causing vehicle damage, not to mention  Cy's Liabily should a Rock & Roll Marathon runner stumble or fall on  street during that annual run.
The whole street west  India St to  end is nothing but potholes.... turning into one big pothole!    Definely needs a big do-over!    I think a step furr is needed by removing  un-used railroad tracks.   Too many bumps through  whole area, especially around and under  Interstate 5 overpass.
Large pothole in  southbound lane  La Jolla Shores Drive.  is in  middle   lane and causes swerving by drivers due to size.Nearby re is a utily drain top or some or em which sticks up above  road and is a hazard.
re are many potholes in  middle  Dunaway Drive just west  Torrey Pines road.  I reported  in order number 00105552.  The potholes in  middle  Bordeaux Drive were repaired, but  crew missed  many potholes in  middle  Dunaway Drive not more than 15 yards away.  How can that be?
There is a pothole in  middle   intersection  Paseo Dorado and El Paseo Grande and  is growing daily.
Large pot hole, north bound in  middle lane. Dangerous for motorcycles.
There are two pot holes in  middle   intersection  Paseo Dorado and Paseo Del Ocaso.
3 MAJOR POTHOLES INFO 286 , 316 , 326  RIDGECREST
There are multiple  big potholes on  street heading east. The potholes are very large and dangerous. Please fix m as soon as possible.
Pot hole between 5503 and 5506 Conrad Ave.  Addional one also at cross street Conrad Ave and Arrvinals.
LARGE POTHOLE BY MALL, NEAR CHEESE CAKE FACTORY, CAUSED DAMAGE TO VEHICLE
Pothole
pothole
pothole
pothole
From Madera to 65th which are  cross streets  Broadway  lanes going both ways are full  ruts, patches that have broken up and bumps. The roads all around have been repaved but  section hasn't   feels like our tires are being torn up like your going f road. This is getting worse and wh winter coming 's going to be really and definely dangerous for anyone riding a motorcycle or scooter. I didn't add pictures because we would prefer someone to actually look at  section  Broadway.
Large pothole at  intersection  W Laurel (right below  traffic light) and N harbor dr

Pothole in EB lane
LARGE POT HOLE  CARS SERVING HAZARD
Pothole in right  way adjacent to private driveway.
Asphalt has dipped 1 foot below driveway , do to  rains cons not able to get into  driveway
Hazard sinkhole is forming in front  drive apron across  street from address.
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
MIDDLE OF INTERSECTION.,    MONUMENT CAP MISSING    MARKED WITH WHITE PAINT...
Per consumer: Pothole in  middle lane, driving west on Poway Rd., just west  Sabre Springs Pwy.
The norrn side   eastern end   3600 block  Warner St. in Point Loma is deteriorating significantly.
Severe potholes at intersection  Rosecrans street and Kurtz street
Poorly filled-in hole where a water main repair was made earlier  month.  just keeps getting bigger, and people swerve into oncoming traffic to avoid .
There is a significant pothole on  southwest corner   intersection  Paseo Albacete Paseo Ajanta  is roughly 1-1.5" deep by 18"-24" in diameter. s been an issue for at least 3 years.
The road has deep cracks and holes.
Large raised asphalt section in  alley behind 4383 Idaho Street
The entire street  Calle Dario is full  pot holes, crumbling asphalt and is sinking where  cable lines were installed.
We have many potholes on  edge  our street. Around nightingale and Hummingbird Street. Yesterday someone twisted ir foot and fell on one  se potholes. I would appreciate someone checking  out and making arrangements to have m repaired. Someone came last week and repaired one pothole.
There is a pothole where  asphalt meets  concrete while turning on to Cunard St towards Elm Ave and  overall condion  that area is very bad and need repaired.
There is a very large pothole that has formed on  street in front  our driveway.  is causing a good deal  damage to  undercarriage  our cars even we take  very slowly and at an angle.
Pothole:  s actually part  cement on tar alley.  Past 3 years, i have been watching  sink & now i can see a huge hole/gap through a corner crack.  This alley is a dead end road but very busy traveling as re is a garage at end  alley & many tow trucks  different sizes come through re.  s also several apartments/residence on  street.  This sinking hole is right where my back gate is where i sometmes park drive through to get into my property.  Please fix  ASAP, as im afraid one  us in our vehicle(s) will sink into ground & wud be very difficult to get vehicle out & w/o damage to undernea  vehicles.
The construction company that did  pipe work along College Avenue, between Streamview Drive and El Cajon Blvd, left a mess  terribly patched roads, leacing some potholes behind. I've had to re-balance  tires  my car because  . The areas that are worst are at  intersection  Universy Avenue, and also at El Cajon Boulevard. The pavement is uneven from end to end, causing problems to drivers like us, that use that route to go to work.  Please help.
Pothole on Roselle street
A massive pothole and crumbling  road almost  size   lane
Pothole
Large pothole in southbound left lane
Pothole in middle  street
Pot hole approx 1'6"x1'6"
Pot hole approx 1'x1'
Pot hole approx 2'x1'
They replaced our gas lines weeks ago but never returned to repaid  street (as y did two streets over shortly after y finished re)!!
Sinking in pothole that has been getting bigger every year
There is a large pothole in northbound lane in front  address given
West Laurel Street (92103) between Union Street & Front Street has many areas that are very rough in both  west & east bound lanes.
Right lane on south bound on Catalina Blvd from Talbot to Electron has a pothole/depression/incomplete work patching from cable being layed that is right in  track where right hand side car tires run.  The patch was never completed and is not even wh  rest   road.  When is  whole lane/road going to be resurfaced to repair  intentional damage?Please let me know, answer my request for information to hello_chip@hotmail.com
Numerous potholes creating extremely rough surface where Broadway curves down  hill toward  94 (southbound lanes).
Large pothole from grate in  street, very bad for tires.  Near  east side   driveway   gas station.
Pothole near  driveway   gas station closest to Boundary St on 3200 Universy.
Bad pothole, corner  Corte Sabio and Paseo Lucido
The alley located between 36th St and Cherokee Ave. (between Madison and Monroe Aves.) is almost completely unpaved and has multiple potholes, some que large. Dust is anor side effect  drivers using  section  road. Is re any way to get  section  road paved? Thanks for your time.
The street needs resurfacing.A piece  asphalt came loose, was run over by a car, and  asphalt piece h my car and damaged  paint.
Repair asphalt around manhole cover that s right in front  a handicap ramp.
There are a few locations along La Jolla Blvd between Colima St and Sea Ridge Dr that re appears to be settlement in  south bound travel lane.  The condion also appears to be getting worse.
The section  Camino Del Norte, between  I15 and Bernardo Center Drive is in very bad condion. There are big cracks everywhere in both directions and large chunks   asphalt overlay are breaking loose.  got a lot worse after  recent rain. Frothy whe foam and sand were oozing out   cracks. An absolute mess.
Street conduction crew originally had a metal plate but now  metal plate is gone leaving two giant man made craters
Chateau Dr. from Mt. Abernathy all  way to Genesee Ave. is one long pothole.   is a mess and needs to be repaved, not slurry coated!   has been  way for many years.  Please move  street up on your list for repaving !
Entire street  Promesa Drive, San Diego, CA 92124 from Promesa Court to bottom  cul-de-sac is extremely damaged wh asphalt missing and potholes. I have sent a complaint over 9 months ago and still no response from  cy.
POTHOLE ACROSS FROM ADDRESS N/B LANE
On Colusa Street between Gaines Street  and Lauretta  Street, San Diego, CA 92110Needs repaving, Many Cracks & Potholes

In  alley between Illinois and Iowa front north  Universy and south  Lincoln  first part   alley is great but  back part   has a lot  potholes just below Lincoln
Numerous potholes between Camino de la siesta and Camino de rio N. from  Wt Lincoln dealership.
Street repair mission blvd , from Loring st to Chalcedony st. /Perdomly south bond lane.I have to drive that street and had to replace my Intier suspension on my vehicle. Please fix
potholes on  street
LARGE POTHOLE NEEDS TO BE FILLED.
Two utily covers on  block are a few inches below grade, creating potholes.  Only one shown in picture, y are about 200 feet apart in  southwest lane.
LARGE POTHOLE BY APRON OF DRIVEWAY.
A pothole, about six inches in diameter on  surface, but larger and deeper underneath, has formed in front   LifeBridge Church driveway. We have two driveways on West Bernardo Drive. The hole is located in front   norrnmost driveway.
POTHOLE
Potholes in  eastbound lanes in  3400 block  Sports Arena Blvd.
Potholes in both directions in  3700-3749 block  Rosecrans St.
On Midway right before Kemper re is a FOOT DEEP POTHOLE (Point Loma area).  Safety issue!!! If a bike were to h  y would tumble into traffic.  My truck h  because you cant swerve into oncoming traffic and now my alliance is out on my NISSAN ROGUE.  You can contact me at Santa Clara Recreation Center Im  center director. 858-581-9928  Ann Zachau.  Im not joking s at least 1 foot deep and right where your passenger side tire rides.
Airport traffic - Large, very deep pothole in middle lane on N. Harbor Dr., just after merge from W. Laurel.
Pothole located just west  intersection  Green Bay St. and Coronado Avenue, in  number one lane  westbound Coronado.
There is a very large pothole at  intersection  54th and collwood
Pot hole.  Very dangerous
Damaged street
Per consumer: Potholes in street, 4900 block  Viewridge Av
Per consumer: Pothole in driveway into park f 54th St.
In center lane  westbound Rancho Bernardo Road just east  I-15 interchange
All  Paseo Lucido in both directions between Camino Del Norte & Bernardo Heights Pkwy is in very poor condion wh several potholes and big cracks on  pavement.
The opening  Summ, from Avalon, has many potholes. Can you flatten  please?  (Sorry  red dot wouldn't land on summ, which is a dead end road and has no house addresses.)
Several potholes. The road from I-15 to entry to Poway Cy is in bad shape and needs urgent rework.
Where  asphalt meets  cement gutters,  road is coming apart in at least 2-3 places, and large, baseball-size chunks are getting chipped out   street.
Alliance Ct. was supposed to get repaved at  same time that Rondel Ct was repaved last year, but for some reason,  crew wasn't able to get to Alliance Ct, and  street has continued to deteriorate. The street has tons  cracks all along  way, and  large cement connector to Rondel Ct from Alliance Ct has major cracks, is uneven, and is a major tripping hazard.
The pothole is in  crosswalk.  The hole is close to  school.  Everyone seems to step in  hole.
large pothole by bus stop
Big pothole on road 2' by 2' pothole
Northbound harbor drive, just north   coast Guard light, very big and deep pothole on  2nd from left lane
Multiple potholes in both directions  Camino de la Siesta and Camino del Rio N.
Per consumer: Pothole on  NW corner   intersection  Decena Dr & Twain Av
S  Inghram & W. Mission overpass    going SOUTH on Ingraham  ex "Sea World Drive South" toward Ocean Beach is a ramp that divides into 3 exs  ( Ocean Beach, Sea World Dr South, Marina Village, & West Bound Mission Bay Dr to  Roller Coaster )go UNDER   overpass & BAMM  re is  hole
One lane road wh a deep pothole on  east side   street.  is near  curb but  is an issue because  how narrow  road is. Thank you
The road is cracking and has lots  broken asphalt.
There are two large potholes on Via Capri near  intersection  Hidden Valley Road.
New potholes on Greyling Drive, Serra Mesa, between Gowdy and Rae Jean Avenue
New potholes on Greyling Drive, Serra Mesa, between Gowdy and Rae Jean Avenue
Road damage
Pothole left behind from construction on roads. Very hard on cars
Pothole 
Pothole
Pothole
Huge pothole in  road.cause multiple blown tires.
This is a real deep pothole on  pedestrian/bike boardwalk in PB that is hard to see because  fills wh sand and is in  paint. I snapped my ankle on  10 days ago and am now just getting f crutches. This is at  end  Reed St., and  part   boardwalk is a real choke point for bikes/pedestrians. Please fix asap! Thanks
Pothole in  middle divider. Please repair.
Multiple potholes, Acena Dr. between Lomica and Rancho Bernardo Rd.  This is 2nd reporting; refer to #00106005, 9/16/16. That report still shows as 'new' after a week. The street has gotten worse. I ride a motorcycle and use Acena Dr. several times/day. Some  se potholes are bad enough to cause a rider to lose control  a motorcycle. I took 58 photos; I can only upload 20 here so some   worst are not in  batch. Please fix  street before someone gets hurt.
In mission bay park where I placed red marker flag re are many potholes plus that parking area is lerally falling and crumbling apart. 's in horrendous shape PLUS along  frontage road in  noted parking lot oversized RV's ten park overnight and for days in a row where re supposedly no overnight parking!!  This is all JUST north  Hilton Hotel. I am not sure that is  correct street address just go a ltle b north  Mission Bay HiltonBut PLEASE do something about  asphalt coming apart if not for we cizens n for tourist
The road is Well traveled by USPS trucks. I have lived in  area for 24 yrs. & Don't recall  ever repaved?
Pothole in EB lane  Clairemont Dr
Streets in neighborhood are all deteriorating, deep cracks everywhere. Have been inadequately "patched" for years. Now slurry coat is worthless. Recent slurry coat on a few streets is already cracking in less than a year. Streets in neighborhood have not been appropriately maintained by  Cy for over 30 years. Patic. One street is reportedly scheduled for repair in next few months while  ors continue to fall apart?
All streets in Montelena neighborhood in Rancho Bernardo are all cracked and falling apart. Have been inadequately "repaired" for years.
Street directly in front  my orwise beautiful home. All   streets in  Montelena neighborhood (RB) are similarly falling apart.  The have been inadequately "patched" for years. As a result y now need to be replaced. One  10+ streets in  neighborhood is reportedly scheduled for repair in  next year while  rest continue to  fall apart. Patic performance by  Cy.
Potholes. Poway Road eastbound. Right hand lane. Multiple potholes between Poway/Creekview Drive and Poway/Springhurst Drive.
Westbound & Clairemont Mesa between Santo and La Cuenta request pot holes filled.
Clairemont Mesa between Antigua blv and Santo Rd.  Request pot holes filled.
There are three good size (and deep) potholes on Camino Ruiz. Two are on  SB side and one is on  NB side. 2 are in  intersection.
On Beryl St between Soledad Mountain Road to Academy St. is a tremendously damaged street in both directions and has been for years.    dip at  bottom   hill cars pull way over to  right to avoid  bumps and holes.
Ivanhoe is badly damaged between Silverado St and Torrey Pines Rd.   needs to be resurfaced.
Kline Street is rough and bumpy between Ivanhoe St. and Girard in La Jolla.   needs to be repaved.
Westbound on Friars Road across from Nordstroms, left lane.  Pothole damaging tires and wheels.
Cracks deepening at Intersection  Hawthorn St and Pacific Hwy
Pothole in # 2 Lane Westbound
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole in  Westbound Right lane just East  Chicago Street
Pothole in  westbound left lane  Clairemont Drive just at  beginning   left turn pocket to Denver Ave.
a pothole on East side  Stresseman as you drive north, just past Marcy Park in front  5561 Stresseman St.

Rugged roads to drive on.  Very shaky drive, looks over repaired pot holes, and uneven.
Between I805 West I5 (numerous blocks) Several areas  dilapidated roadway needing  prompt repairs! Long overdue! Nothing shows on your new app. What is in  planning for Palm Ave. in Otay Mesa?Thank you!dburda49@gmail.com
A couple  weeks ago we reported two problems  uneven street portions causing large bumps in  3500 section  Lark St.  On September 22 you fixed one   bumps by adding asphalt.  Thank you Thank you.   is wonderful.  Can you come out and fix  second bump?   is about 50 feet north on Lark from  bump you fixed.  Thank you very much for your prompt and effective response to my earlier request.  Dean Popp 3536 Lark St
Please repair street please having potholes and bumps. There are whe markings and nothing is happening. Street is in terrible condion
Please repair street.  has buckled and part   slurry surface sunk in.  was recently resurfaced and 's uneven now
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes at  intersection.
This pothole is growing and is in a spot where cars h every time
Earlier  year, many streets in Tierrasanta were paved that did not need as bad as Vivaracho Way. The attached images try to capture  extent   potholes...I used golf bals to give you and idea   number and size   problem. Picture 9-25-16 Pic 1 thru Pic 8 show Vivaracho from Calle De Vida to Carroza Ct9-25-16  Pic A. Pictures 9-25-16 B thru Pic O (via Carroza) show  potholes in  straech. I did not have enough golf balls to show  all.When via Carroza was paved about 3 or 4 years ago, we were told n that Vivaracho Way was going to be paved in 2015....that as come and gone 9 mos ago and  street has only gotten worse. When paving was going on in  area earlier  year, I called about  street but obviously, my call was ignored.Guest that come down that street to our house cannot believe  condion  that street...something needs to be done immediately.Please use your zoom to see  golf balls up close.
pothole 2x2' and growing in middle if  street.
Pothole on  east side   intersection  Calumet Ave and San Colla St.
Pothole in front  5310 Calumet Ave.
Pothole in front  461 Sea Ridge Dr.
Potholes in  400-449 block  Sea Ridge Dr.
Pothole in front  303 Colima Ct.
Pothole on  west side   intersection  Monte Vista Ave and Vista De La Playa.
Pothole on  southwest side   intersection  Bird Rock Ave and Chelsea Ave.
Pothole in  northbound #1 lane in  4450 block  Ingraham St,
Pothole on  east side   intersection  Cass St and Missouri St.
On  corner  Collwood Blvd and 54th street, where Stellar Care can be found is a large pothole. When turning left from Collwood Blvd to 54th street  is hard to see, and ten times cars that have not driven down  street before h , which may cause serious damage to ir car. Please fill when you have a chance. Thank you for everything you do!!
Potholes in  southbound lanes in  4450-4599 blocks  Pacific Highway.
Pothole is located in  westbound lane  Coronado Ave at  intersection  Green Bay St
Pothole on  north side   intersection  India St and West Redwood St.
Large pothole along  gutter at  bus stop on  northwest corner   intersection  Midway Dr and East Dr.
Asphalt street damaged.
multiple potholes and cracks in and around  intersection, specifically in  south east part
There is a large pothole in Lane one going westbound on Friars Rd.   is across from  bus stop on  east bound lane.  Just before Via de la Moda going west.  Pothole measures roughly 3 feet long and 1.5 feet wide.  Maybe 6 - 10 inches deep
s  corner  black mtn rd and Mira Mesa. The crew that fixed  road left about 15 feet  grooves in  street right at  corner.
Pothole in  east bound lane  Wightman St. (crossing street is 43rd St.)
Per consumer: Pothole heading west on Friars Rd., far left lane, across from Nordstrom.
Raised pothole patch needs to be redone and leveled wh  road. Right lane going north about 40 feet before  bridge.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE ON CORONADO  PRIOR TO THE SATURN INTERSECTION.
Entrance   94 West MLK Freeway, large potholes at entrance.
LOTS OF POTHOLES ON ZION.
Large pothole in  way. We have to h  or go around which causes us to merge into on coming traffic.  Very busy street
DIP IN STREET.
  intersection  Millwood and Jamestown re is a pothole that has been repaired several times and is open again.  The streets surrounding, Jamestown Rd, Jamestown Court, Jamestown Way are all cracked and worn. They need to have slury applied to all  m difficult to ride bikes on, I h one and fell f my bike.
From north  Shoal creek to almost Ted Williams on Rancho Carmel  road is so full  pot holes  will rattle your teeth. Especially on  south bound side.
Several potholes, no shoulder
About time to fix  street correctly also. 's apparently not on  street work plan for  neighborhood, despe being one   most degraded spots in  neighborhood. Are waing for pot holes to actually develop?

Second report on same pothole. I received a report saying  case was closed??!!
Second report. Same pothole. Received a report saying case closed?!
There are numerous potholes up and down  Westside  46 street as well as on Olive.
Extremely disruptive potholes all up and down Roselle west   5 freeway. Especially at corner  Dunhill and Roselle.
On both sides   street,  pavement is badly damaged and rutted.  I have to drive  section  Grand Avenue every day and 's getting worse and worse.
Pothole
There is a significant pothole issue in front  6632 Convoy Court.   was previously repaired but s still a really rough patch that is causing cars to swerve to avoid . The pothole needs to be repatched to make smoor.
Hi, There is a deep manhole/pothole in  center   left turn that can cause car damage.  Can you p[lease repair  location?
Per consumer: Several potholes on Scripps Poway Pky from 15 to Palmerado, both sides   street.
Going to be a sinkhole in  east bound lanes. There is a small leak  water coming out   pavement   east bound lanes. 's been runing for months. Keep thinking  water dept will fix  before  blows and wastes millions  gallons  our expensive water. Thank you.
There is an area  asphalt right in front  4452 Paola Way directly in front   driveway where  is crumbling and  is creating significantly sized craters that are holding standing water.  These cracks/caters need to be filled and smood out as soon as possible. (Picture attached)
Potholes and cracked asphalt for 150-200 yards going east on all lanes
Potholes and cracked asphalt for 50 -100 yards on both directions
Pothole/s
Large potholes in  parking lot west  Tobey's.
Per consumer:  Potholes in  middle   street.
Per consumer: Pothole w/b Friars Rd & Via de la Moda
Multiple new(ish) unavoidable potholes when turning east onto Meade from northbound 30th
Pothole 1-2 feet wide. On  right side  street going west after dardaina dr and before Redford pl. My car has h  twice. To avoid pot hole have to drive over yellow line in on coming traffic.
Pot holes in area were missed from last filling
Entire street is damaged
Potholes missed from last report
A utily repair was badly backfilled that has now created a 3ft by 5ft and 6" deep pothole.  is located on  right-hand side when headed north.
Pot holes all  way down Gold Coast drive to black mountain road.
Pothole in  left lane  West bound Friars Rd, just East  Via de la Moda.
POTHOLE RIGHT IN FRONT OF ADDRESS
Old pothole right in front  my mailbox. Has been re for several years and hopefully when y slurry my street y will repair

Large pothole near 5562 Lydia Street. Pot hole located at  intersection  Hopkins Street and Lydia Street.
Large pothole on parkside, just before Tonawanda Drive.  No photograph available for em 4.  Please repair soon.
Potholes between 3714 and 3708 Kingsley Street.  Pothole is also in front  3660 Kingsley Street.  In fact, while I was away from 8/29/16 to 9/19/16 some potholes were fixed.  However, now re are se two and even more if you would look along Kingsley from Poinsettia Street down into  cul-de-sac at  end  Kingsley Street
Pothole in  middle   intersection  Agate and Dawes.  Lots  smaller pot holes in  1100 and 1200 block  Agate.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
pot holes after exing I-5 north onto mission bay drive under  overpass.
Pothole
Two holes
Pothole
There are multiple potholes in  parking lot  Kate Sessions Park and are causing unsafe driving condions whin  parking lot. This park is heavily used and  issue needs to be addressed ASAP.
Cons states pot hole/ sink hole
Wide hole on northbound Marlborough
Rut in road. Dangerous for cars. Leads into storm drain.
I live on Home Ave. since 2002  is very high traffic street, never been fixed, hole street wh potholes even ramp ex on freeway, I was wondering where our tax money go?, around  corner no busy street was fixed already couple times, what about main street?
There is a pothole  friars road going West between p.f Chang's and nordstom.  is on  left lane a size about 3 feet long 1.5 to 2 feet wide and 4 to 5 inches  deep. 's exactly where every car front left wheel and back wheel hs about 99 percent   time.  has bent and cracked my front left and back tire as well as punctured my rubber tires.  has also shattered my air sensor as you can see in  pictures. You can see that  pothole has a lot  rubber tires that  has been peeling f when  has h . Please fill  a.s.a.p. You may call me or email me regarding more information at (619)787-3326 or email me at chrsdawn@gmail..com I don't usually do  but  has been a real pain for me to get my tires and rims taken care . Thank you for your time to listen to me. Chris dawn
East lane, appears to be old repair failing
Southbound Brannia Blvd at  intersection  Brannia Blvd and Airway Rd re is a pothole
Eastbound Nobel Drive after  805N f ramp, re is a pothole.
Deep Pothole on Old Town Avenue between Jefferson and Moore Street
Iris Gardens East HOA is requesting for necessary road repairs on 2915  Village Pine Dr. thru 3094 Village Pine Dr. San Diego California 92173 Road has potholes and is in need  sealing.
EB ON RANCHO PENASQUITOS BL POTHOLE AT BUS STOP
Large pot hole
Pothole
southbound lane, two potholes just before Talbot
pothole heading eastbound 8900 block  clairemont mesa bl by MTS bus stop
Inner lane westbound Harbor Drive, just Coast Guard.
Right in front  Phil's BBQ
Giant, car eating hole right in front  bus stop.
Uneven pavement and multiple deep potholes at  intersection  Dunhill and Roselle Streets
Going West on Morena, turn right onto Ingulf (4100 block)- in right lane at corner (flower shop on corner) is one big pothole.  Go up a ltle furr on Ingulf in right lane before you come to intersection  Chicago and Ingulf is anor big pothole.  Thank you very much for fixing se.
NORTH SIDE OF WARING AT ADOBE FALLS RD - LARGE POTHOLE
Water or some pipe in intersection has a missing lid.  About 8 inches acrossGroton and w or. Lima bl
2-3 small potholes on  intersection  Corte Sabio and paseo lucido. There are right on  entrance  Corte Sabio, y look like puddles but are getting que deep. 's difficult to make a right turn whout hting se potholes, increasing  risk  an accident
Large pot hole
Multiple potholes close toger on Corte Sabio where  connects wh Paseo Lucido.  They are unavoidable because  so many clustered toger and very difficult to drive over, especially in a smaller car.
Pothole
Various potholes and uneven pavement.
Various potholes and uneven pavement.
Various potholes and uneven pavement.
Various potholes and uneven pavement.
Various potholes and uneven pavement.
Various potholes and uneven pavement.
There are 2 potholes on Westbound Friars Road in front  Nordstrom at Fashion Valley.
You closed my previous submission whout repairing  pothole. The asphalt flies from  tires when a car passes over . Please fix!
Can we get  fixed correctly before we have a giant pothole. Similar spots all over  street.
Please fix  properly. More mis-matched patching and tar isn't going to do .
The streets in  area  our neighborhood that was slurry coated late last year are already cracking. And se were  streets in  neighborhood that were in  "best" condion.
The pavement is broken up and appears to be rising.  The area is located next to  curb approximately at a point where  property line between  two properties would appear at  curb.  This is a heavily parked area and a car may be parked over  problem area at  time  your inspection.
POTHOLES
POTHOLES
Pothole
Pot hole on Evening Creek Dr. E where Evening Creek Dr. E and Sabre Hill Dr. come toger in front   senior center.  Coordinates: 3257'18.8"N, 11705'55.1"W
Crumbling, bulging, pothole
Several potholes and bumps when coming from Conrad onto Ensign. The entire street all  way to Lehrer is bad and hasn't been resurfaced in years. Lots  complaints from neighbors.
  end   street, in front  communy pool, in  center   road is a pot hole 12 - 16 inch in diameter.
hello,  street in front   driveway is cracking and sinking, causing a height difference between  end   driveway and  street. Can you please add some asphalt to  street to make  level?
Huge crack down  center   street
Pothole in  far right northwest bound lane  Camino Del Norte in  intersection wh Paseo Montanoso.  There are at least three or potholes in  same northwest bound lane between  point and  next northwest bound intersection  Camino Del Norte and Bernardo Center Dr. wh  last one being on  far right turn lane as you make a right turn onto Bernardo Center Dr.
4 large potholes on  middle   street block.
Pothole at intersection.
Friars road west bound -  road dips across all three lanes. The dips are very deep and can cause damage to vehicles front bumpers if not slow down.
Pothole
Pothole
North bound lane just south  Camino Fortaleza
POTHOLE
Raised hump in  roadway that jars  vehicle when passing over .

Potholes & spiderlike cracks 2100-2200 Winnett Street
Pretty severe potholes on a quarter-mile stretch  road right here. The road is extraordinarily uneven and rough to  point that  could be unsafe.
Pothole in middle  street. Previously reported, indicated  was fixed, but  hasn't.
Major indentation in  road from  water main replacement project.
Potholes keep getting bigger and bigger at  corner  Corte Sabio & Paseo Lucido in Bernardo Heights. Standing water tends to s in  pothole, which can potentially attract disease-carrying mosquos.
All   crosswalks are filled wh potholes.  This is an area where mostly senior cizens live and  is if very dangerous.  They have walkers and wheelchairs and are also unsteady.  Could y please be fixed as soon as possible?  This is Tenth and Broadway.
Approx 100ft  damaged street and potholes, starting at 11342 Calle Dario and going to  intersection calle dario and santa arminta.
Pothole
Pothole
POTHOLE

MAJOR POTHOLE, HAZARD, 4'X1'
ALLEY BADLY DAMAGED, POTHOLES AND BUCKLED
Road is getting worse once was a hole now 's been spreading and all broken up looks like  cy bus comes through thank you...
POTHOLE
Large pot hole on South Exchange Place, in between Olivet and Virginia Street.
The street is all torn up on Colusa street ( section between Riley and Lauretta). Lots  potholes and damaged road, wh chunks  asphalt lying in  middle   street.  Thanks.
Multiple PotholesWinnett Street between Federal and Tooley. is about time to repave  whole street.
Street construction was done at  intersection  camino ruiz and Capricorn Way.   There is a 12 inch wide cut in  asphalt starting from Teresa Dr and ending at Capricorn.
Lifting Street on  corner  Mira Montana place and Mira Montana Drive
Large pothole at intersection. Uploaded photo is  exact location whout pothole issue.
2ND REQUEST, POTHOLE STILL THERE
Two Potholes
12 inches by 9 inches 10 inches deep
Pothole
While Riding my bike in  right lane at 725 West Broadway, re is a severe crack between two section  concrete and my front bike tire dropped down into  crack bringing my bike to a dead stop and causing me to flip over  handlebars.  Since  bike lane is blocked we have to ride our bikes furr over to  left than normal and  is extremely dangerous.

Pavement on S Meadowbrook Dr has been absolutely terrible since  cy worked on  sewage pipes. The road is unevenly paved and looks terrible. See picture.
Pothole on  54 street (between Redwood and 52nd street, locates in Oak Park.  In addional re was re piped contraction last year in  same location;  water pipe was replaced and  street was uneven patched; left wh bumpy street in that section
chewed up asphalt and holes coming around  corner from A street to 22nd.  is a one way street and almost completely unavoidable to h se holes and street blemishes. Please fix !
Two large potholes on eastbound 52 just beyond 5 overpass
Residential area: potholes on Margerum Ave South between Fontaine and Navajo are dangerous to drive on.
Residential area: potholes on Margerum Ave South between Fontaine and Navajo are dangerous to drive on.
There are several potholes on Morena Blvd South  Buenos Ave.  Morena should be repaved as well.
Potholes in  westbound #2 lane between 2720 and 2732 Midway Dr.
There are potholes on Tecolote Rd West  Morena Blvd.  There are also potholes on Morena Blvd if you turn right heading south on Morena Blvd.  These streets should be repaved.
There are numerous potholes on Pacific Highway.  This street should be repaired.
There are numerous potholes on Midway Drive.  This street should be repaired.
Pot hole
Pothole is on Cornish Dr. at intersection  Hill St. Pothole is on Cornish on North side  intersection at Hill Street. Pothole is significant and could easily cause loss  control  a two wheeled vehicle. Thanks!
Lot  potholes on  section  Convoy street for 150 -200 yards
Potholes in  section   road
Per consumer: Pothole in  #2 lane  Waring Rd., at  intersection  Adobe Falls Rd.
Large pothole at La Jolla Boulevard and Mission Boulevard  intersection, and several or potholes and cracks in same area. Bumpy when driving, pretty dangerous on a bike, and makes a lot  road noise
Pot ho5
Per consumer: S/b lane  El Camino Real just past Half Mile Dr.
Per consumer: Extremely large pothold e/b on Via de la Valle, 50 yards before El Camino Real.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
There is a bridge/street unintentional bump in  road. Please smooth  out. This is not a place to slow down.
Pothole northbound on Park Blvd at Robinson. I drive a Vespa and have h  pothole twice very hard in  last few months. I suppose  is  smaller wheels on  Vespa. Someone on a scooter will eventually have an accident because  is a deep hole.
There is a huge pothole in  alley directly infant  my garage.  I have to go over  pothole everyday in order to get inside my garage.  The pothole has potential to damage  undercarriage  my vehicle and  wheels.  There are or potholes along  alley that need to be fixed but  one is directly affecting me daily.
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole is near  corner  17th and Market.  Deep pothole at crosswalk , that needs to be patched/filled. I have h  once and fortunately did not damage my tire but  is an accident waing to happen if someone crossing  street hs .   is deep.
Pothole just before bridge connector between La Jolla Pkwy and 52 East
Huge pothole
Recently  cy repaved many   neighboring streets but our block got missed likely due to SDGE activy when  work was underway. Since n Asphalt contractor  never returned to complete  work.
potholes near 6310 Rockhurst Drive
Pothole at  intersection  Sunset St and Mason St.  is actually on Mason St. About 3 feet on diameter
Per consumer: Large pothole after repairs
Per consumer: Uneven road in one spot causing a hazard, driving north on Hickman Field Dr.
Pothole in front  1459 Acheson St is getting larger everyday.
Per consumer: Pothole on Friars Rd. heading west, betw Fenton Prky & River Run Dr.
3 INCH DEEP POTHOLE X 1 FT WIDE
Road work was done in  past year and repaired again wh an asphalt patch.  Concrete portion is pushing up in center  roadway enough that  caught  underside  my 2016 Honda Civic and tore out  bottom rain guard panel under  engine which now must be replaced according to  dealer.  We have pictures   hazard as well as  damage to our vehicle.
on Parkdale Ave in front   Elementary school
re is anor pot hole that was created on La Media Rd and Airway Rd and that needs to be addressed asap due to safety   intersection.
corner  sunset cliffs and pt. loma ave. middle   intersection
Pothole in #1 lane just before crosswalk on north end  intersection. This pothole is especially borsome because  is difficult to see due to  turn in  road.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
There is a pothole located East   3790 Via De La Valle property entrance on Via De La Valle. The street is uneven in  area. Water pooled last rain approximately two weeks ago.  The pothole has gotten larger and needs filling.  Thank you kindly.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
San Antonio / qualthrough
Entire street cracked
Pothole
pot hole fairmount av express way n/b lae before 1-5 ramp 10th  mile n  talmadge canyon rd.
There is a degradation to  area that was repaired back in January after  cy poured asphalt over  concrete. Several areas are wearing severly.
Numerous potholes at  above intersection mostly on  SW side needs immediate repair to eliminate tire and wheel damage. Thanks ! ADDRESS MAY NOT BE EXAct but is at Wing St and Midway Dr.
pothole in front  house, road damaged from construction vehicles
Several deep potholes at location on map, on Russ Blvd. at intersection on east side  26 th St. & continuing east on Russ Blvd. to at least 27th St. Have not driven west on Russ Blvd. to assess condions re.
Pothole is located at 4567 Van Dyke Ave., just south  Madison, near  street light
Several small potholes at  location
Very large 2 square yards pothole at 7973 Peach Point Ave.  Large chunks  asphalt kicked up by passing cars. Needs repair fast.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes on WB Washington from 8th all  way down to 5TH.
Large potholes on SB Vermont at Universy.  These potholes have been reported more than 15 times.
Potholes, damaged asphalt, missing cones in  tune lane to  on ramp to  163 from EB Washington.
Single pot hole over 12 inches in diameter and very deep. Will cause major suspension problems
150 - 250 yards section between Jade coast and Activy rd  Camino Ruiz going towards Miramar road has potholes
Pot hole in alleyway. 's a high pesetrian traffic because 's down from  joyner elementary school.
Very uneven pavement lots  potholes needs resurface
Pothole on  south side   intersection  36th St and El Cajon Blvd.
Big pothole somewhere between Opportuny Rd and Engineer Rd.  On  right lane going north on Convoy St.  's like driving over a hole.
Pothole in  center  street.
Pothole on south side
There are numerous potholes and ruts in  Alley between Ohio St and Illinois St
POTHOLE IN THE ALLEY,
Multiple large potholes.
Bad hole in alley. I've sprained my ankle numerous times and 's gouged a tire before. Near a manhole. Threat to vehicles and pedestrians
Pot hole a couple inches deep. 1.5' long and 6" or so wide. Hazard for motorcyclists.
Huge hole in  road. This hole caused damaged to my rims.
5200 block  Barstow Street. Existing cracks and holes are getting worse. Pieces are breaking f from holes as vehicles make  holes larger.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE N/B LANE
There is a pothole at  corner  Olney St. and Pacific Beach Drive leading to  entrance  Campland on  Bay.
There are several potholes along  section  Wing Street. Drivers are avoiding m and swerving into opposing lane  traffic.
Pothole surrounding  sewer cover @  corner  Rancho la Bella & Old El Camino Real
The alley running from Wall to Silverado, parallel to Ivanhoe and Herschel, in downtown La Jolla, has 20 deep, dangerous potholes.  These appeared after  opening  Herringbone Restaurant, 7837 Herschel, which receives deliveries from at least 10 trucks per day, many  size  semi-tractor trailers.
pothole at bootes st  cross street canis lnmira mesa zip code 92126
Top layer  pavement has broken away leaving a pothole.
POTHOLE
Vermont St between Cleveland and Universy Avenues is one big crumbling pot hole.
There are several potholes on Marlesta Drive between Beagle Street and Genesee Avenue. The street should also be placed on  list to be resurfaced since re is a lot  traffic going into Mesa College and  street is in poor condion.
Multiple potholes all along  block.
There are several large potholes at  end  Corte Sabio where  Ts wh Paseo Lucido. The potholes are unavoidable and are deep enough to cause damage to vehicles.
Uneven payment and cuts not filled appropiately on  intersection  Tech Way and Kearny Villa Rd.
Several potholes need filling on Rancho Bernardo Road between Bernardo Oaks Rd and Pomerado Rd.
Very bad SAFETY problem wh Center  Intersection Pot Holes and Rough Road Bed.
On  side furst away from Black Mountain Road, in  right land after  intersection, a giant dip is re
Pothole right before Tiffen Ave. On right hand side if going down Mallard st. Becoming larger by  day
Two potholes as you turn right on 805 south on ramp, right at  corner at  light. They have been re for at least 6 to 8 months. If  is a job for cal trans Please refer to m to fix. The impact on cars hting potholes is damaging.
Going northbound just pass Hurlbut St
Right Lane Fairmount Ave going north before 8 east ramp
Pot hole on side walk, cy meter cover.  is crumbling and someone will trip. I have had se issues more than once. Last time  took years for m to repair.
La Jolla Shores Dr., near center  roadway and near ped. bridge overcrossing, a large new pothole in previously-patched section.
Large holes forming and  large chuncks o asphalt up and down winnette from Federal to Tooley. Long history  whole street needs repaving asap
POTHOLE CAUSED DAMAGE
50 - 75 yards section on  right most lane has potholes

in front  house
multiple holes in middle  street. Our street is like swiss cheese.
All Manholes on  S/W direction from Black Mountain Road are sinking creating unsafe condions.
PATCH OVER POTHOLENORTHBOUND 3400 INGRAHAM
PATCH OVER POTHOLE WESTBOUND #2 LANE OF GRAND AV
I requested  street division to fill in a 6 inch rut that is approximately 50 feet long.  They filled in 2 feet   better part and left 48 feet   worse part unfixed.  is incredibly dangerous to drive on.
While traveling east bound on Mira Mesa Blvd. today re is a street patch that sunk creating a rut that my wheel got caught in and caused an impact separation on my front right tire.  This rut is between Parkdale and Montongo in  7700 block  Mira Mesa Blvd.  This needs to be repaired immediately; I had to buy a new tire!!!!
POT HOLES LONG SCRIPPS RANCH BL
Winnett between tooley and radio large rocks  asphalt and bighole
Multiple pot holes on North bound Fairmount  Ave at  I-8 East and West on ramp
Multiple potholes/large asphalt cracks on Alfred Ave. This problem was reported over a year ago, and has since gotten much worse because no crack sealer was applied and  street now needs to be resurfaced before  rains begin which will completely undermine  remaining asphalt.Previous work request submted on 3/29/15 #500000121283
Pothole in crosswalk on south bound lane at  corner  Polland and Greyling dr.  Also new potholes on Greyling north and south bound in front  Jones Elementary school.
We have a large amount  potholes on  1 block between Redwood St & Thorn St.  These were caused by  construction crews that were working in  west alley  3100 block  40th St.  The corner   40th and Thorn is really bad. Just drive down 40th street between Thorn and Redwood and you will dodge pot holes about every 15 feet. I do not have a way to take pictures
Block long deep trough dug out  EB Mira Mesa BLVS and left unfilled.
5 inch chunks  asphalt are breaking f and ltering  roadway..  looks like  hole is down to  aggregate.
Pothole
Pothole
New pot hole next to filled pothole(thanks ) formed by crack in center  street.
Lots  potholes and cracked pavement all along Avena between RB road and Lomica. Seems to be getting worse every day.
  intersection  27th Street and Coronado Avenue in 92154, in  north-west corner   intersection, pot hole located across  street from police station
Large pothole on  southbound side
2 Xtra big potholes
Pot holes at  top   hill by  stop sign

The road surface here is horrible and has multiple potholes wh uneven patches  asphalt which throw your car around. As someone wh a spinal injury  is extremely painful. Can you please fix ?
The entire on-ramp from CA-94 east to  I-15 North is full   potholes and  is wreaking havoc on my tires and shocks. Can you please repave ? Also,  shrubbery along  left side   on-ramp is starting to grow into  lane and should be addressed. Thank you so much!
2 LARGE POTHOLES, HAZARD
There are several potholes at intersection  Baxter and Cobb
There are several potholes at  intersection  Cobb And Noah Way
A few new potholes next to filled pothole(thanks) across  street width.  Please disregard my pothole request for 4762-was a type ! Thanks !















Per consume: Two potholes in  middle   street
The "secret street" on Sterne  and Locust that belongs to cy needs paving so BAD.My house is on corner  Sterne and Rosecrans.  The street im speeking  is on Sterne and Locust.  s a ltle side street  for residents but belongs to  cy
When are you going to fix all  potholes on Washington street?   This whole road is a land mine.   You should be ashamed  yourselves.
Small pothole.
I need to fix pothole on front my house, each day when I go in garage and out I go thru that POTHOLE
Pothole
Pothole
2 Potholes
Big deep pot hole walked over  and trip
There are too many pot holes in  area are streets were left unfinished an im afraid 's going to cause an accident  needs to be fixed.
I was surprised to see that Carmel Mountain Rd. (between Cuca St. and Freeport Rd.) is not scheduled for repair in FY17.   is getting very bad - large sections  badly damaged roadway.  Could you please investigate and get  in  queue? Thank you,Tom Thibault 858-735-10987 (tomthibault@yahoo.com)
We have a large pothole in street right where we back in and out  driveway.  is getting bigger and bigger wh large chunks    hole flipping up when car runs over ! 's bad!
Two potholes in lanes just before on ramp to  8 east coming north on fairmount drive.
Numerous potholes
The parking lot at  rec center is horrible. There are a few pot holes but also multiple deep holes that are dangerous to vehicles and pedestrians alike.
Numerous small potholes along  block  Woodman.
Cross Street: Parkdale AveAround 6pm on Oct 11, 2016, I was driving on Mira Mesa Blvd and all  a sudden my car lerally shook like crazy.  My front tire was stuck on a  pothole that stretched along a large portion   Blvd.  I tried to swerve out  , but I couldn't due to  cars to my left.   is unacceptable to have such a large, long stretch  broken rode.  I attached some pictures to show how bad  is and even on one   photos you actually can see a car on 's far left to avoid  holes!  Due to  impact, my tire blew out and I had to replace  wh my son in  car at night.  I am concerned on how long  is going to be re whout anyone taking  responsibily to fix  so we can avoid even more  a serious accident.  I am fully aware   large amount  potholes throughout  cy and I understand  importance  trying to get to all  m, but  one is unacceptable and I am very upset at  inconvenience that I had to endure due to  lack  responsibily not taken by  cy.  I had to find someone to take my son, take time f work to get my car fixed!  Not acceptable.  I want to be reimbursed for  amount i had to pay to get my car fixed due to irresponsible behavior that can really injure someone or people.   boggles my mind that you all think that  is okay to leave a road like that for everyone to drive on!!! I want to be contacted immediately at 858-652-1375.  Sincerely,Summer Del Mundo
Large pothole left after construction
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
WIDE pothole, northbound on Camino Santa Fe.  Closest I can remember was at  dip shortly before Commerce Ave.  LEFT lane.
Middle   street as you turn onto Lake Arago Ave from Lake Murray frontage
Small pothole just f driveway  6384

This whole part  Mission Bay Dr needs repaving, from Clairemont Dr north to  beginning  De Anza Cove
Northbound Villa La Jolla Drive near Holiday Court near  gutter, sections  asphalt are missing.
Pothole
Per consumer: Pothole
Per consumer:  Pothole
Per consumer: Pothole
Per consumer: Pothole
potholes up and down  street
CUSTOMER STATE THAT LAMONT ST NORTH OF THE FORTUNA INTERSECTION HAS MULTIPLE POTHOLES.
There is a pothole on  College Ave. and 94 west f ramp.  You have to dodge  or h  to get onto  f ramp
Valencia Patkway and Skyline drive west side  ientersection
There are numerous potholes on  stretch  Highwood.  s become like driving on a bad unpaved road.
Many potholes in  block
Hi, re are about two to three potholes right at  intersection  39th and Monroe. They have been re for  last few months. There has been cy numerous workers up and down  street, even paving  road on 40th street, some months back.
Pothole is on  westside   lane.  Pot hole is next to some sort  drainage cap.
East bound La jolla village dr has a pothole on  inside lane that crosses Villa La Jolla dr,  pothole is located in  intersection
The whole street is full  potholes and cracks and patches.  Very rough
The whole street is covered in potholes and cracks and patches.  Very rough
Apparently, repairs are near for  stretch  street, so, I would like to suggest that a speed bump be installed here during  process to deter fast drivers, since  neighborhood, always wh many families wh children, conflicts wh rushing commuters.
Potholes on universy Ave and 60th street. Closer to  food 4 less and genie car wash. That is  location. The location 3894 41st is incorrect.
Heading southbound on Utah St. through  El Cajon Blvd. intersection, re is a pothole located in  dip as you first enter  intersection, and anor one just before you leave  .
Pot  hole
Yesterday I filed a report, #00112105, for potholes at 8451, 8461, and 8471 Highwood Dr., San Diego, 92119.  The copy  my report mentions only 8461.   would be a waste  time and money to only repair  potholes in front  8461 as  portions  street adjacent to 8461 are equally needy!
The street is full  ruts and pot holes, 's breaking up even where y tried to patch .  is so rough that I'm concerned wh  rain coming. Also, I just had to have car's alignment done if that is going to make  wear  tires bad again. 's a public transportation route. The end for Broadway going on to Madera. I won't upload pictures because   whole street.
More than a pothole....huge dip in  road almost in  center   intersection
Many potholes



Updated wh photo. Last report was not processed yet. Sorry for  duplicate but I thought I'd hear anything back by now if y were going to acknowledge . 's in  alley between Hornblend and PB Drive behind Mama Mia's
The whole street sucks
sunken area in asphalt in Right lane  Southbound Ingraham Steet in front  entrance to alley
Severely damaged concrete roadway causing hazardous driving condion in Southbound lane  Cardeno across from address 5217 Cardeno.
Large pothole in  alley Utah and Idaho behind 4158 Utah St. This pot hole has been getting larger and larger.
Potholes and fractures appear at  intersection  Regents Road and Porte de Merano, San Diego, 92122.  The asphalt in some areas is deep enough to see  last road bed markings below .  Truck traffic down to Rose Canyon for double tracking and Cy sewer project in  canyon has made  even worse and  Cy's contractor won't fix  when reported.
Street road is in bad shape
Big pothole losing asphalt and causing cars to kick up big chunks  rock and debris.  Will be dangerous to drivers if not addressed.
Pothole in alley
POTHOLE GOING S/B ON INGRAHAM AT THE INTERSECTION.
Pothole
In  alley directly behind fire station 15 is a huge loose piece  cement that moves when driven over and poses a risk to pedestrians- my daughter h  crack on her scooter and fell wh no significant injuries but  did make her fall.   is in  alley but  should be fixed.   looks like  cement slab would need to be broken up and removed and  hole filled.
CUSTOMER STATES THAT THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON INGRAHAM NORTH BOUND.
Potholes on Morena Place, both NB and SB lanes
Frazee northbound north  Friars is a mess.  Several weeks back,  cy made changes to  median.  Meanwhile, re are now deep grooves on  right side   road - presumably from cable work.  These grooves need to be filled, as y cause a public safety issue (cars unintentionally "veer" in  direction   grooves).
  intersection  Meade & Utah.  Large Pothole.
pothole at intersection
The pothole damaged my tire.  is on Santos Road between  i-15 and clairemont mesa blvd.  re is a small shopping center on santos road near  I-15-- I was pulling out  re and going south on Santos Road when I h  pothole. I'm not familiar wh  area--I was trying to find  registrar  voters and pulled f  52 onto Santos Rd.
There is a large pothole in  roadway near  end   block (between 3624 Grape and 3644 Grape).
Pothole in middle  street
POTHOLE
Pothole in crosswalk
Pothole is increasing in size just outside  apartment complex driveway on Longford Street side   complex.
Multiple potholes on  road in both directions  traffic
Multiple  deep potholes going Southbound  right as you make  turn
PER CUSTOMER THE 19TH ST HAS MUTPLE POTHOLES NORTH OF HWY 75
Pothole on  transion from westbound W Laurel St to westbound N Harbor Dr.
Pothole left hand lane, east bound Del Mar heights.
Broken concrete around  manhole cover. The edge   cover is exposed.
Pothole
3 deep potholes plus  uneven and Chip pavement
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Heading north on  805 on  ramp to go west on  8. Theres a patch that isnt smooth. s more like a lip and  felt like my rim almost bent. And res no signs  that construction/ bump.
Spider webbing asphalt, pothole
POTHOLE
This is not a true pothole, but  closest category listed above. There is a monument marker in 35th Street in front  4998 35th Street that is sinking.
Potholes in EB lane
  corner  Fifth Ave and Harbor Dr. Southbound lane closest to  curb. There is a pot hole that a guest tripped over. The pot hole is where  whe crosswalk  marking is at. Call convention center secury (619) 525-5490 for exact location.
I moved to Carmel mountain 7 months ago from Scripps Ranch I am going back and forth regularly.I have noticed that  streets in Scripps Ranch have been paved 2x. And never in Carmel mountain especially Rancho Carmel Rd which is a mess
a few large potholes on NB Fairmount Ave before hting  8, mostly in  right lane.
Resident reports hole was left after street was resurfaced. Survey monument needs to be raised or hole needs to be patched.
There are potholes and  street is cracking.  The person filling  potholes should drive up Cowles Mountain Blvd because re are numerous holes and cracks starting at Navajo and going up  road.
 is a large pothole as you come around  corner, up  hill on Miralani Dr.
multiple potholes from 6" to 18" between Mt. Adalbert Dr. and Mt. Albertine Ct.  on Mt. Albertine Ave.
Two large pot holes on northbound Fairmount when transferring from Montezuma to  8-east, west/15-north ramp. Unfortunately, unable to snap photos while driving, but y are around 2-3 feet wide.
numerous potholes.
on Parkdale Ave in front   Elementary school
Every time I enter or ex my driveway in my car I h  pothole that is directly in front  my driveway.  If  isn't patched,  will just get bigger.
Pothole where repairs were made outside  property
Many potholes
Poorly refinished work has left large ruts appearing where  infill is being worn out. This is que dangerous for cyclists.
On Universy Ave. between Texas Street and Louisiana Street re is a trench maybe 8 inch to 12 inches wide that was dug across all four lanes  and was never filled in only wh dirt. How many cars travel over  everyday both east and west bound? I am suprised  is not fixed yet, worse n a pothole because you can't go around . I would appreciate  getting fixed and or people  North Park and or people that travel  road.
Very rough road, needs resurfacing badly
Small hole in  street
Per consumer: Pothole at  corner  Verano Dr & Verano Pl
Mr. Clayton Howard reached out to our Council fice expressing his concern  several potholes located on Saturn Boulevard between Southland Plaza Driveway and  end   street (going north). As vehicles ex from  shopping center by  Home Depot onto Saturn Boulevard,  potholes are on  lane and  is difficult to avoid missing m. He is respectfully requesting for  potholes to be filled.
This street block needs major street repairs. Potholes everywhere and street is uneven.. Please fix  streets block ASAP. Thanks,
In LJ Shores Blvd. crosswalk nearby pedestrian bridge overcrossing at  location, pothole.
 approximately  location on southbound LJ Shores Blvd., new pothole in previously-patched area
test
pot hole / patch work requested in  cul-de-sac
Pothole in left lane, not left turn lane. Small pothole. All cars are hting pothole. could get much larger wh time. Thank You
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Several large potholes on entry ramp from Fairmount to 8 interchange- right lane
small & large potholes in center  intersection
There is a raised area in  north bound bike lane near  bottom  Torrey Pines Park Road.  Someone has painted in red and has placed a cone next to  hazardous area.  Several riders have been injured here in  past year and  needs to be repaired ASAP.
HiSan Dieguo Road in Del Mar, between  El Camino Real junction, for  next 3 miles to just before  Rancho Diegueno Road intersection is very badly potholed.  Apart from  damage to cars,  road is used by cyclists and is causing cyclists to swerve into traffic or fall.Thanks
On Poway Rd between Sabre Springs Parkway and Springhurst Drive, please restore  streets and fill in all  pot holes along Poway Road.
SDG&E, about 3 yrs ago, repaired a gas line in  alley.  They patched  hole wh blacktop and did not adequately tamp  down.  The resulting pothole is now 3 feet long and 2 feet wide.  's between 4 and 5 inches deep.
Street riddle wh pot hole
There is one larger and one smaller pothole to be corrected on Via De La Valle in  street in front  3790 entrance.   was Not corrected on 10/19/2016 per our 10/20/2016 inspection. Thank you kindly!Previously requested 10/07/2016 Report Date: 10/7/2016 11:58 AMReport Number: 00110640Current Status: ClosedAction Taken: Duplicate case in processReport Category: PotholeReport Type: StreetsAddress: 3789-3821 Co Hwy S6, Del Mar, CA 92014, USADescription: There is a pothole located East   3790 Via De La Valle property entrance on Via De La Valle. The street is uneven in  area. Water pooled last rain approximately two weeks ago. The pothole has gotten larger and needs filling. Thank you kindly.Images: 3 uploadedDate Corrected: October 19, 2016
Pot hole westbound Bateman @ Picard
big dip on  asphalt road on goode st uphill towards parkwood dr that may turn into a big pothole over time. located on goode st between manzana way and parkwood dr.
Per consumer:  Large hole in  street
Pot hole at entrance to alley behind 2860 Polk Ave.
Pothole at intersection  Jackson Dr & Golfcrest ave.Hole next to sewer manhole  cover92119
ALL over  street. Not just where I have  indicated. 's a hazard and we have popped one tire already.
on Montezuma at Campanile Dr, westbound, middle   two lanes, large number  potholes
1) There is a large pothole 6in wide x15ft long x 2 in deep directly in front  my driveway that makes my car bottom out. 2) re is anor pothole directly in front  my driveway more toward  middle   street
Potholes in right lane  southbound 54th Street at  intersection  54th Street and Laurel. Oak Park neighborhood.
Lower dip in road
Per consumer:  8+ potholes for over a mile on Old Milky Way from  78 to San Pasqual Rd
Per consumer:  Large pothole s/b 4th Av. south  B St.
BAD POTHOLES AFTER RECENT WORK
Potholes on National between 40th & 41st

Pot holes on  bridge
44th street is cover wh potholes
Several potholes on Acorn street between 63rd and Seminole. This is a very busy street wh several people hting se holes daily.
4' wide dangerous pothole in  eastbound lane  Via De La Valle just feet from  entrance to  Polo Plaza at 3790 Via De La Valle... 's so large that when trucks h ,  buildings nearby shake.
POTHOLE
POTHOLES
POTHOLE
POTHOLES
POTHOLES
Located 150-200 feet west   3790 Via De La Valle Polo Plaza entrance/drive path in  eastbound lane  Via De La Valle (in  middle   street in front /south    telephone junction boxes) is a now deepening "hole" that looks patched but appears to be deepening in a big way daily. Cars are not able to drive over  safely whout jolting ir vehicles. Please feel welcome to contact Jake, M-F to direct  repair crew (858) 805-5207 if needed.  He works on se at 3790 Via De La Valle.  We hope  is not a sink hole. (This issue was called in yesterday but has gotten worse since n.)
There is very large pothole in  alley between Santa Cruz and Coronado, between Cable and Sunset Cliffs. My address is 4854 Coronado and 's just East  me (by about 10 feet from my complex).
PER CONSUMER THERE IS A MISSING VALVE COVER IN THE STREET. THE VALVE COVERS ARE LOCATED UNDERNEATH THE LIGHTS.
The street between Harbison and 61st is in need  repair.
West bound side east  Tiffen ave. Right by  house on  corner  Mallard and Tiffen ave. As shown in above satelle picture
There is an alley in front  my house that is full  potholes.  The cy keeps patching potholes but I don't understand why y don't pave  street and add speed bumps.   is hard to drive through because  all  potholes.  The name   street is Inez.  If we can be put on a list to get  street paved to minimize  hazard that would be great.
North entrance  Kate Session Park vandals took barricades and cover for hole in sidewalk that was left by contractors.
Giant potholes in  right lane heading towards SDSU.
Dangerous  parking on Rue D'Orleans
The are multiple large holes in  street between Fanuel and Dawes on Turquoise St.  Since Turquoise is a busy street, large trucks travel through  potholes make a lot  noise pollution.

Pothole
About 4" in depth. Ran or  violently
A large pothole in  right lane about 25 yards before  right turn onto Collwood
Pothole on middle  street.
Pothole on middle  street.
Several potholes at  location
Picador Blvd onto 905 west .  Prior to ramp at stop light , Right lane is full  potholes or lack   road covering
2 potholes in  middle   street. Please repair/fill.
Pothole line along edge  concrete gutter
Numerous potholes at entrance to 3747 Yoseme St. driveway. This is a condo bldg wh driveways on north and south  bldg. Can se be filled?
Pothole on Friars Road westbound in front  Fashion Valley in  area  Neiman Marcus.  There was a pothole just repaired just west   location.
Multiple potholes on southbound Navajo RD between Park Ridge BLVD and Margerum AVE.

POTHOLE
Road covered in metal plates, one plate in  middle   road has slipped and uncovered a big, deep hole. Lethal hazard for motorcycles and bicycles.
pothole on south bound lane in front  5030 Camino de la Siesta.
Water line valve cover is missing.
Pothole on  east side   intersection  Wawona Dr and Chatsworth Blvd.
Pothole
Multiple potholes between Federal and Tooley.Maybe we can fix  hole gatored areas instead  patching m a few pieces at a time?
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE NORTH BOUND LANE PRIOR TO THE COMPASS POINT S NTERSECTION.
MINOR ASPHALT REPAIR DIP IN TWO LANES
Large pothole in WB Lane
Potholes
100 Sq. Ft. pothole in front  SAN Diego Fire Station 17. Completely degraded asphalt in front  apparatus driveway. Whole cul de sac asphalt is buckled and cracking. Please replace wh CONCRETE to accommodate weight  fire apparatus. Please replace ASAP!!!
Pothole
The alley way between Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Conrad Ave (between Cole Street and Genesee) needs serious repair.  Instead  just fixing a pothole here and re every 6 months why can't you just repave  whole alley? Please come out to review - re's que a few potholes and se will just get worse once we get some more rain.
2 large potholes in  middle   street
PER CUSTOMER MULTIPLE POTHOLES IN THE MIDDLE OF THE INTERSECTION
Large, deep pothole getting worse every day.  I reported  once already but nothing has been done.  What's  holdup?  This needs to be addressed before property is damaged and people are hurt.
Pothole
Overall,  condion   road is dismal and needs to be completely fixed.  However, re are some very evident potholes along  road, in particular at  intersection wh Ara Pl.
Multiple potholes along both northbound and southbound lanes  Rancho Carmel Drive.  The attempts to refill  potholes are ten washed out when  rains and only causes more trouble.  Please repave  roadway wh new asphalt.
WB West Broadway between Front and Union. Several weeks ago some work was done on  street. When work was completed and  road was patched  was not done properly and re is a big hole re now.
WB Balboa at Mt Culebra. This is at least  fifth or sixth time I have reported potholes at  intersection. You "fix"  and a month or two later 's back. In addion,  road is lumpy and re is more than one pothole at  location. You fill one and leave  ors. PLEASE fix  properly and fix ALL  m, not just one. Stop wasting taxpayer money!!!
Numerous potholes are on Petra Drive, between Pentuckett Ave & Fir Street, 92104.
POT HOLE IN SB LANES
Pot hole n/ bound lane
Southbound Brannia Boulevard about 100 feet from  intersection  Airway Road,  asphalt has sunken in #2 lane.
Pot hole westview parkway n/b direction two lane street as you enter  turn lane to turn onto to compass point dr s.
There are several potholes on Montezuma Road eastbound about 1/16  a mile west  Collwood Blvd. y are in  #2 lane. One  m is about 4 inches deep and about 8" wide. Thank you.
There are about 5-6 pot holes on  right lane on El Cajon Blvd. starting from Marlborough Ave all  way to Fairmount Ave. for about .35 miles. headed east. These holes are about 1 ft deep and cars are not able to go around some  m due to two holes next to each or in  same lane. Lastly, re is a enormous hole on  corner  Fairmount ave. and El Cajon Blvd. right next to  ARCO gas station that is extremely dangerous due to  fact that  is creating a concrete wall. Unfortunately, I don't have pictures but would like  if  got fixed ASAP. Thank you.
Georgia Street north  Mission Ave. Pot holes  size  plates everywhere. Large openings between  street and  curb.
Potholes in  2700 and 2800 blocks  Sports Arena Blvd.
There is a pothole in front   sidewalk in front  Parking Space #3 in  front   building.  I h  pothole everyday and I now need to get   front wheels  my car realigned. This is very bad since I have to park re every day.   is a small pothole but my car is also very small and so  affects  way my car handles,  makes driving dangerous for me.
Pothole
Pothole
Road was recently paved but  caused a huge bump in  road. My cars lteraly bottoms out and re's no warning if you cant see .  On friars road behind Ross.
My address is 2977 Morningside st San Diego ca 92139 street surface needs to be resurfaced re is major potholes over an inch deep and more than a 12" wide also major cracks running all  way down street at least an 1" deep and 1" in width which has grass and weeds growing  inside.There is broken asphalt right before you enter my driveway that  looks and feels like thick steel razor blades sticking up out   ground which have shredded tires on my vehicle which is a 2014 year model wh only 18,000 miles.You have sent cy workers to fill potholes each time I have contacted you which y didn't even attempt to fill all  holes and that have since deteriorated whin several months after work had been completed.I'm disable and  have a very low income and can't even afford to pay my  car payment let alone purchase new tires.Cy  San Diego webse shows qualy  pavement at less than 40% way less.I have made several request for repairs over  years but yet nothing has been done.I'm contacting  media (turko) and  mayor to inform m lies that have been told and condion  street surface you have left me no or option.There is also no sidewalks so pedestrians are forced to walk on street 's an accident waing to happen cars are trying to avoid potholes someone will be injured if not killed.I'm also filing a claim for damages to my tires since you are fully aware  street condion.I have records  several emails contacting you for such repairs over  years also I have a letter sent on 07/25/2014 from  Cy  San Diego stating repairs would be done to street surface after sewer laterals were complete .
Pothole in bike lane on west side  Mission Center. Often fills wh water.
Terrible attempts at repair for years! Fix  correctly!
Terrible attempts at repairs!! Plz fix  properly!!
Pot holes
The street is badly damaged through  area in  eastbound lanes. Many drivers swerve, sometimes into oncoming traffic lanes, during  commute hours to avoid  area   road. I created ticket 00099710 which was closed whout any work being performed. This is more than a pothole.
Small about 10" X 10" in middle  intersection  Armage & Glasgow Dr.   Please fix now while  is still small.  Thank you!
There is a large Pot hole on  corner  27th Street and Coronado Ave I have h  a few times and  just keeps getting bigger.  I do not want to have to come to you for damages to my car.  Thank you
This section   street has  become a driving hazard due to many potholes and uneven asphalt. I'm not sure how  cy hasn't been sued over  yet, but  asphalt has aged massively and is in immediate need for full replacement. This is both sides   traffic on Rancho Carmel Dr from  Carmel Mountain end all  way to Evening Creek Drive East
LARGE POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
Hello,There is a sink hole located in  alley behind 4656 Utah st that prohibs my tenant's abily to park in her parkings space.  There is about a five inch difference in height and  front  her car cannot clear  crack.    looks like  has been repaired before, and re is standing water at  bottom   hole.  Thanks
There was prior work at  corner  Home Ave and Gateway dr . last summer. Eir  work is not finished at that se or an inspector excepted shoddy work. There is a depression dip and n a raised ridge so  causes damage to vehicle tires and alignment  steering. Going west on Home Avenue and turning right on Gateway Ave you h  dished out dip and n immediately h  raised ridge. The contractor must rework  anomoly in workmanship. I cannot believe a cy inspector would accept that kind  work. Please take a look at . If necessary I can mark  wh red paint .
Some time ago Cox Construction did some work for TWC, in repairing  damage done to blacktop, y just put down dirt. Wh time se lanes are causing tire damage.  Areas in ?..Camino Ruiz north to Theresa, West on Theresa and n Southn on Zapata.
Very deep pothole along  right side  SB Black Mountain just north  Gold Coast - my tire was damaged when I h  pothole.
Early last week (approx 17Oct) re was a repair made to  street, but after  workers filled in  hole y were working on,  asphalt seems to be sinking.  seems to be getting worse every day.
Very large and deep pothole in  right-turn southbound lane  Morena Blvd right before  intersection.
might as well call  a dirt road! looks like someone turned a blind eye and ignored  street for  last decade - feels as though last road work was done in  late 80s
Pot hole in our alley
Large sink hole consumer states asphalt has dropped down a foot and cars are bottoming out.
Great job dumping asphalt on  one part   street, but re is more holes in  north bound lane near  center.   On a bike  is wearing me and  bike out... Like two more big areas that need  to be filled, covered, resurfaced.
Pothole is just about in  middle   intersection
Numerous deep potholes in both directions
Just before  on ramp southbound on college to 94 west
This street is FILLED wh potholes. Needs to be completely resurfaced
potholes and street damage from 11342 to  intersection wh santa arminta.
Pothole and crack in  road
There are a bunch Potholes for a whole block making  really hard to bike here. I bike down Orange Ave here everyday
Pothole
A few months ago, re was underground work/trenching on Genesee Ave northbound, Lane #2 [slow lane]. Whoever patched  trenching, did a BAD job.  Asphalt patch is sinking/dipping. BIG DIP exists in  pavement.  Please have that contractor fix  for us. Thanks.
Several MONTHS ago, a contractor dug a trench, about one mile long, on southbound Catalina Blvd, Lane #2 [ slow lane].  The trench was PARTIALLY filled wh a reddish brown material.  The ~ 6 inch wide trench is just wide enough, and in  location, to GRAB my car tires as I try to drive in that lane.  The reddish/brown material has sunk.  Is  trench work done?  Then  needs to be re-filled and leveled.  Note:  sewer drains in that area are still covered, as if re is supposed to be some type  construction. Please have  contractor RE-DO .  Thanks!
Angelus ave street from Veiwcrest dr. heading to Leppert St. has many pot holes, high man hole covers, indentations from  water company. last year  street department did alot  spray panting on  street but did not return to do  repairs needed to Angelus ave Leppert St or Leppert ct.
Potholes right by  bottom   driveway.
Pot Hole
Pothole in eastbound right turn onto 6th Ave.
MULTIPLE POTHOLES
several potholes down entire street
The street on  corner  California and Vine is excessively torn up.   is plagued by potholes due to heavy trucks constantly parking on  sides.  There is currently a water project being done which may be causing more damage.One  my employees twisted ir ankle on a pot hole today and asked me to reach out to  cy.
Pothole
corner  columbia and B st. (north east corner). contractors left a hole whout filling  back in
Several potholes
There's a pretty sizable pothole and that stretch  street from Convoy to  UPS employee parking lot is in really rough shape. I drive through  everyday for work and  is not pleasant.
multiple potholes and sunken trench edges in  block in front  address. impossible to avoid damage to car tires and suspension.
Pothole is awful,  tar is to  side. Also, y keep repairing  and  keeps sinking.
Drive every day thru 4 hundred block  National Ave, lots  traffic,  block is  worst, my suspension on my vehicle is getting worst and worst.
SINKHOLE FORMING (JUST EAST OF INTERSECTION)
Several potholes eastbound just before Collwood Blvd
POTHOLE
Trash on sidewalk
Please fix giant pothole on Camino Del Norte Road West   I-15 in  middle lane. Thanks!
from 56 to Camel Mountain road, Rancho Carmel Drive is atrocious.  re are more bad sections than good so listing problem areas is nearly impossible
Deep hole cut both  my right side tires
Consumer states street is sinking  in front  his address causing cars to bottom out .
Large deep pothole on Catoctin Dr going westbound. This is a deep pothole please repair asap
POTHOLES
Pothole/Sinkhole in cement extending into asphalt where water drainage crosses Sovereign Rd.@ Ediwhar Ave.
tets
Per consumer: Pothole w/b on Market x-30th St
deep hole danger
The road has a huge pothole where pieces   road are everywhere. Huge chunks  road from  pothole are just on  street. Not only is  dangerous if a car drives over m and a piece flies and hs a pedestrian  can also damage our cars and tires.
Pothole 2nd report not fixed
Frank Daniel's/ Sunset Ridge Dr
Water and sewer did a repair on New Hampshire near Madison intersection and left temporary asphalt patch in street and sidewalk.  Need permanent concrete fix
Pot on Spring Oak at intersection  Alsasia north side
In middle  street
Bayside Lane @ El Carmel. -Pavement continues to drop (sink hole)
Giant pothole middle lane just after  Paseo Montanoso intersection going away from  15
POTHOLE
This is a wide and deep pothole and has been re for several weeks now.
Deep pothole in southbound lane  Morena Blvd.  near where  asphalt meets  concrete roadway   Tecolote Creek Bridge.
A pothole in  road. There are several in  area that need to be filled or else someone is going to trip on m. Street address is in  when near 1210 Turquoise The street should probably be resurfaced.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes in  intersection
Center cap on water cover missing
Recent paving delaminating
Please repair potholes and asphalt bumps on College Ave going South oppose  new SDSU towers
Pothole located on 22nd street at intersection wh 'F' street San Diego.
Potholes in  eastbound lane at 641 Camino Del Rio South.
Potholes in  intersection  Camino Del Rio South and Mission Center Rd.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
pothole
Pothole in NB lane  Morena Place
Pothole in NB Lane  Morena Blvd
Broadway from 30th turning into 32nd is dangerous so many potholes you have to drive erratically to avoid m.
Pothole driving in south lane
There is a big hole in  middle   street when you turn from Ediwhar Ave onto Sovereign Rd. Seemed to have appeared re a few weeks ago.
There are a few potholes right by  traffic light on  right turning lane.
SECOND REQUEST. Please repair pothole or sunken asphalt in  middle   street. Street was recently resurfaced and a portion   street sunk in making a deep pothole. Thank you.
we have starting receiving complaints from guests staying at Paradise Point. Cars are hting something on  bridge which is causing a loud noise. We investigated and found that re is a loose expansion joint on  bridge. When cars h  joint  jumps up and causes  loud noise.  is on  southbound side in lane 1 on  south end   Ingraham St. bridge?..
BAD POTHOLE AFTER CITY WORK, CAN CAUSE TIRE DAMAGE
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON THE STREET.
E/B CORONADO AV    POTHOLES  MIDDLE OF INTERSECTION
Potholes in ally
There is a pothole in  middle lane  Poway Road going from Sabre Springs Parkway to 15S freeway right before  flashing sign that says signal ahead.
Pot hole in left turn lane from Stoney Peak Dr on  gas station side   drive.
Potholes throughout constuents have requested survey   street.
A large strip  Black top has come out  where ir did some repair work in  street . The cut out is 6-8 feet long and 4 -6in wide and 3 in. deep.
Large Pothole in  Middle Lane  Poway Road heading West Bound 200 ft from  intersection.
This road is heavily used and has deteriorated extensively over last 2 years. Please reface  road. Folks are trying to avoid bad patches (so many) and that kind f driving makes  road very accident prone. In addion s wears  tires twice as fast and also cause more fuel consumption due to friction created.
POTHOLES
Park Blvd south  Morley Field Drive...before newly paved section... please fix m... left lane
Potholes both directions in  1400-1639 blocks  Chatsworth Blvd.
Potholes in  intersection  Garrison St and Liggett Dr.
Sunken asphalt in front  3320 Garrison St.
Large deep pothole on  right lane going east on Montezuma Rd right before  bicycle spl lane
Tree missing dangerous trip hazard
There are some potholes/ areas  asphalt that are in need  repair on 16th street between J street and K street
POTHOLE IN LEFT LANE
pothole on West portion  Van Dyke Avenue, in front  4520 Van Dyke, a few feet from  curb, across from  street light.
Middle if  intersection  Montezuma Rd going west wh Campanile Dr. Potholes in  middle
The location   issue is on El Camino Real, going South Bound, just past freeway 56. There is a BIG DIP. The DIP is  worst on  left lane and middle lane, and better on  right lane. The DIP got worse over time. Now I believe s time to pad  to avoid accidents.
POTHOLE
This entire San Dieguo Rd is in terrible and failing condion.  I know three neighbors who have blown out tires from  monstrous pothole.  Please fix  road.
3 potholes on Morena Blvd North between Knoxville and Lehigh street.
test
Pothole just south   address listed
On November 1st, 2016 Tuesday morning around 6:50 AM I was driving my 2005 Ford 500 to school. When heading north bound on Regents Rd, San Diego, CA 92122 my  car struck a deep pothole. The pothole damaged  front and back tires and rims   left side  my car (drivers side). Both tires popped along wh my Dcenti Wheels DW29 - 20 inch 20x8.5 Chrome Rims wh Black Inserts that are now severely damaged (bent and deformed) and in need  replacing.
pothole
East bound Siempre Viva Road between Brannia Blvd and Cactus Road about 100 feet east   freight company's parking lot entrance, re is a pothole.
Pothole runs nearly  width   right lane and deep enough to severely damage a car wheel; which incidentally  did to me.Located in a high traffic area; so no picture was taken.
Pothole Milton and Erie 92110
Westbound Balboa, a few feet from  left turn lane approaching Olney Street, re is a pothole where  asphalt has crumbled away from  cement curb median gutter. This is my second time reporting . Please fix .
POTHOLE
Pot holes on east side  road from Mission Gorge Road up to stop sign at intersection  Princess View and Fontaine Streete.
Bad potholes all along Margerum Avenue from Viar Avenue up  hill to Crow Court. Numerous locations but particularly bad at Ponca Court/Margerum Avenue intersection.
Numerous pot holes along Fontaine Street from intersection  Conestoga Way up  hill to Linna Place. Bad pothole at intersection  Linna Place and Fontaine Street at souast corner near stop sign.
Pothole on NB Regents across from Pennant Way
Pothole west side  street.
Multiple potholes at intersection  Grim Ave and Myrtle Ave
Large pothole from manhole cover on  norast corner  32nd and Universy.
Pothole both directions
IMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED. Metal Plate loose noisy  and hazardous. This is by a construction se on Bayside Lane and Brighton Court
Pothole
POTHOLE
There was a "sink hole" (sinking area  asphalt area) in  eastbound lane at 3790 Via De La Valle due east  De La Valle Place that was reported and corrected last week 10/29/2016.  Unfortunately,  depression area   asphalt has been reported to be sinking again. The concern is that  area will give away altoger on a very busy and narrow roadway. We are reporting  again due to  danger  "sink hole" on Via De La Valle poses.  appears to have depressed several inches again. ( gave  street repair technicians some trouble last week). Please feel welcome to contact Jake wh questions regarding  exact repair location:  (858) 805-5207 so he can show you. He works on se at 3790 Via De La Valle, M-F during business hours. Previously reported:Tracking Number: 00113384  Corrected: October 29, 2016 Problem Type: PotholeProblem Description: Located 150-200 feet west   3790 Via De La Valle Polo Plaza entrance/drive path in  eastbound lane  Via De La Valle (in  middle   street in front /south   telephone junction boxes) is a now deepening "hole" that looks patched but appears to be deepening in a big way daily. Cars are not able to drive over  safely whout jolting ir vehicles. Please feel welcome to contact Jake, M-F to direct  repair crew (858) 805-5207 if needed. He works on se at 3790 Via De La Valle. We hope  is not a sink hole. (This issue was called in yesterday but has gotten worse since n.)Problem Location:3760-3762 Co Hwy S6, Del Mar, CA 92014, USA
Pothole in left lane going north
20 Feet North  Rancho La Bella re is a sewer cover that has a large pot hole next to .  This is  second time I've reported .  The damage was caused by work done in that location several months ago.  Please fix .
Bad pothole-like ridge on  805N framp to Mira Mesa.  is on  left lane where  road surface transions between  bridge material and road material. Repeatedly driving over  broke my front left strut
There is a large pothole on Regents Road (northbound) about 1000 feet south  Governor Drive
There are wires buried at  signal at Avenida Abeja and Bernardo Center Drive that are exposed and need to be filled in.  These cracks are also causing pot holes.  Please see  pictures and call me if you have any questions at 619-244-9683.  My name is Brian Boulais.
Numerous potholes and cracked asphalt running  length   onramp onto La Jolla Parkway from La Jolla Scenic Drive North.  Vegetation is growing through  cracks in  street, creating a bicycle and vehicle safety concern.  Street is in need  repaving and restriping.
Very low sink hole/pot hole at  intersection  Narragansett Ave and Chatsworth Bl where  elementary school is(not sure exact address).  is at  SE corner   intersection in  lane going norast.-causing severe jolt and potential to vehicle tires/suspension, etc.
Large potholes at  location on WB Miramar.

Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
asphalt chuckholes   NW corner  Thomas & Dawes
Many potholes southbound Waring Rd before passing under I-8
Long section if poorly patched asphalt in N Bound lane.
Going uphill (southbound) on 54th St between Maisel Way and New Mills Rd, pothole. Please repair thank you

s actually a sink hole, about 3-4 inches deep, about 4-5 feet long.  Been re a long time.  Please fix.
Pothole
All along



The parking lot at 3980 Lomaland Dr. is a San Diego Cy parking lot for visors who wish to access Sunset Cliffs Natural Park (SCNP) or enjoy  ocean view.  Today y cannot do so.  The lot is adjacent to Point Loma Nazarene Universy (PLNU).    This lot has served  Point Loma communy well for many years.  Unfortunately  Cy has not maintained  lot and due to  deplorable condion   lot,  Parking Enforcement folks cannot properly enforce  parking regulation at  lot.  The whe lines and red NO PARKING areas are completely gone.  As a result,  PLNU Staff, employees and students have taken over  lot.  The school physical plant is directly across  street from  lot and even though  is posted 4 Hour Parking Only,  plant workers park re all day every day.  Because re are no lines, cars park everywhere and ten block  entrance and ex to  lot.  If re was a medical or fire emergency, emergency crews could not access  park on most days.  There are very large pot holes throughout  lot and  asphalt is almost completely gone.   Please see att. photos.  This is not fair to those who actually wish to vis SCNP and presents a real safety hazard if re were to be a fire or medical emergency.   Besides ,  is a real eyesore and an embarrassment to  Cy.
very large pothole in middle  right lane, north bound on Regents Road north   52 freeway and south  Governor Drive. Cy crews been doing something around  sidewalk area and probably caused  but did not fix .  is very large about 3 feet x 3 feet. Please fix .
Pothole in  middle   road near double yellow line
Series  potholes and rough road on right side  ramp leading down to LJ Pkwy
Regents road nothing bound at penant
South side crosswalk
where  asphalt and  concrete meet north bound bump and bike hazard
West bound Wandermere Dr. from Golfcrest Dr., Pothole 8"x12" 1"-2"'s deep.
There is no curb ramp at  southwest corner  Fort Stockton Dr and Hawk St. This corner is next door to a senior housing center (Green Manor), wh many residents that use walkers, canes, and have or difficulties wh balance wh walking. This curb is very difficult for  senior residents to step down into  crosswalk because re is no ramp. This is especially difficult for  residents that use a walker and people wh a cane because  drop down from  sidewalk to  street is too tall. There is also a large amount  broken asphalt at  corner causing trip hazards. Pedestrians currently have to enter into a driveway to access a ramp to  street since re is none at  curb. This adds addional risk because now y have to walk where cars are passing. The or 3 curbs at  intersection do have a curb ramp. Only  southwest corner does not have a curb ramp. This intersection is also across from an elementary/middle school so  ramp causes problems for young children while walking to and from school.
Pothole
Several potholes in WB lane
northbound outside lane Regents Road, oppose Pennant Way.  Cy workers dug up street last week and patched area.  There is a depression about 2 feet by 2 feet by a couple  inches deep.  The speed lim along re is 50 mph.  's a dangerous combination, sometimes hard to swerve around.
POTHOLES CLOSE TO CURB


There are zillions  potholes and more by  hour along  entire length  Sports  Arena Bl from Midway Dr and Rosecrans St. and getting worse by  hour. Please send a crew out ASAP that need  patching immediately. There is especially damaged concrete and worn f asphalt at  intersection  Kemper St SW side by Home Depot parking lot that also needs immediate attention.
Several trees from Kate Session Park have lifted and cracked Soledad Road. This problem has been getting worse for some time now.
1500 block  Chatsworth large pothole #2 lane west bound
#2 lane 2900 block Garnet Avenue, large pothole
Numerous potholes, north bound #2 lane 3700-3800 Morena Blvd.
Chunks  asphalt missing around manhole cover
On Hickman Field Drive, from Convoy Court heading north,  street was recently dug up and has been "finished" for a few weeks or more.   now has a huge gap roughly 6 inches wide running up  street (where  was dug out) that is a safety hazard for tires and could also cause a car to lose control.
In  second to right land on I-8 East bound, just passed Hotel Circle/Taylor Street ex re is a pothole (about 12 to 18 inches in diameter) towards  center-right   lane. I have attached a picture   pothole via Google Maps. I don't know  exact duration   pothole, but I have seen  for a year or more. Thanks!
Eastbound Rancho Bernardo Road in left lane
POTHOLE
Pothole on  north side   intersection  Jewell St and Grand Ave.
Pothole in  northbound lane in  4700-4749 block  Ingraham St.
Pothole in  eastbound #2 lane in 2200 block  Grand Ave.
Potholes in  eastbound lanes in  2600-2843 blocks  Grand Ave.
Pothole in  northbound #2 lane in  3900 block  Morena Blvd.
Pothole in  southbound #2 lane in  3700 block  Morena Blvd.
Potholes in  northbound #1 lane in  2900-3399 block  Morena Blvd.
The asphalt has separated from  concrete on  hill in  7100 block  Ta Street. The asphalt is crumbling running perpendicular to  street. This make  pot hole a long trench crossing both lanes.
Minor asphalt repair needed for sunken asphalt in  westbound lanes at 2302-2310 Universy Ave.
Please investigate possible SINK HOLE developing in front  my Home.I Notice a very large crack developing in  middle   street and anor running along side  gutter in front  my home. The Street appears to be sinking on one side toward my house.
Large Pothole north on Regents Road just north  Route 52 south  Governor Drive
Pothole along concrete gutter in middle  east side  intersection  Galveston & Ingulf
Pothole at  Aldine Dr ex f Fairmount.
Bad patch job failed, and major pothole is unavoidable in right lane
POTHOLES CHUNKS OF ASPHALTS BREAKING APART BY 5714 & 5719 ROSWELL
Traffic Hazard- intersection  vallecos at el paseo grande has three potholes, two  which are so deep that when a driver turns from n/b el paseo grande onto e/b 2200 vallecos, one is forced to drive on  wrong side   road head on to oncoming w/b traffic to avoid  holes.  As a former SDPD traffic investigator, I classify  as a traffic hazard.
Pot hole in cross walk. Please repair as  is a senior cizen area
 7100 block between Green Gables and Sunnybrae is in desperate need  repaving, and should be evaluated for repaving. in  area in front  7121 re is a very large, dangerous pothole that poses an immediate concern. large portions   bottom section  wandermere were neglected in terms  repaving work.
This whole street needs help.
POTHOLE ON REGENTS MAKING A LEFT OFF I-52. LARGE SQUARE. SIZE HALF OF A MATTRESS. GAVE CAR FLAT TIRE AND BENT RIM
POTHOLE IN ALLEY
POTHOLE POPPED TIRE. BENT RIM
LOTS OF POTHOLES IN THIS INTERSECTION.
Resurfacing for This area was scheduled for October-What happened? This road is an embarrassment to our communy. To drive on  road is like driving on a old country road!!  The rest   road was resurfaced months ago from Ted Williams to Poway road.
Pot hole s/s  intersection
There is a Huge pothole/bad street repair that is in  street in front   business.  is difficult to avoid, and  is damaging everyone's cars. The area in  picture is  area where  pothole is, not  pothole self.
The area on landis on  corner  Euclid and Landis next to  La Salsa Market is riddled wh potholes. The condions have worsened since  photo from google maps was taken. This small stretch  street is in very rough condion. I am forced to drive over  everyday to work and  is damaging my car. The area needs major pothole and street cracking repair (really needs to repaved). I'll take what I can get.
broken asphalt depression in roadway on southbound lane in front  address, unable to avoid driving in lane in traffic, repeatedly damaging to car suspension, please assess  area on Euclid Ave and make patch repairs for area residents
Sunken/Collapsed pavement needs repair
NOT FINISHED YET.   STREET IS A MESS.   NEEDS MORE WORK.  More holes in  north bound lane near  center. On a bike  is wearing me and  bike out... Like two more big areas that need to be filled, covered, resurfaced.
Pothole
Pothole
several potholes ... very dangerous and damaged tire
Pothole
Numerous Potholes here
More potholes
Damaged asphalt
Badly damaged asphalt
More damaged asphalt
Damaged asphalt
Damaged asphalt
Damaged asphalt
Badly damaged asphalt
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Poor patch sinking and note hs tires very hard. Cars swerving. Getting deeper
There is a pothole developing in front  11263 Cascada Way. 's been patched before.  looks like re may be a small sinkhole under  spot.
They worked on  road but re is now a pot hole or a cover that is set and not level wh  road in  northbound righthand lane on south end  Regents Road just past Pennant Way.  My car has not liked  and I swerve to miss  when I can.  Please fix  problem before someone does real damage to ir car.  I would send a picture, but  traffic will not allow me to stop.
Parkdale street is one big pothole south  Mira Mesa Blvd.  .  Everything around  has replaced.   Why has  been neglected?Cold plane and overlay is recommended.   Edmund R. Kennedy, BA, Bs, PE, PMP
There's 3 or 4 pot holes in right lane toward elementary school
Large pothole very dangerous.
Pothole
Pothole
workers were in  area last week, possibly a new water tap to 5807 Regents Road.  The asphalt patch after  work was poorly done and has collapsed into a very significant pothole/sinkhole.  Apparently y didn't properly fill and compact  hole before making asphalt patch.  Several neighbors have mentioned nearly losing control due to hting  pothole while driving northbound on Regents. VERY DANGEROUS!!
Improperly filled dig in  street left  pavement patch sinking in on intersection  Kearny Villa Rd wh Tech Way at  traffic signal. Please repair or have contractor patch  appropriately
Large potholes starting at  point, until Montezuma bridge.
Multiple pothole at  intersection Otay mesa road & Sanyo Ave
located in  eastbound lane
Please repair sunken part   street on Madison Ave. Part   street jolted leaving a bump or patch eir way
Please repair holes starting on  street. Need to be patched.
Big Pothole in eastbound Friars road. Pothole is in  middle lane before  street light/intersection  Friars and Mission Gorge Rd. 's a dark and busy road so didn't see pothole till last second, too many cars around and couldn't swerve to avoid .  needs to get fixed asap.
Not sure if pothole or very recessed manhole cover as  was dark when I passed by but  was que a nasty jolt to  suspension.Sorry, not posive  actual location on Regents, but defninely on northbound side, between 52 and Governor.  I think before  halfway point up to Governor.  Should be pretty obvious.
loose asphalt
Pothole at intersection on Van Dyke before meets Adams.
Pothole in number one lane (far left)  NB La Jolla Village Dr
Roots are making  pavement buckle on  bike path near  tot lot
Pothole
huge pothole eastbound south side
The road in front   driveway has risen, making  difficult to get our wheelchair-accessible van out   driveway.  hs  bottom   vehicle and causes a lot  damage.
Multiple potholes on Euclid Avenue (north) from Laurel Street to Chollas Road.
Resubmted wh  request wh  picture. Street has bulked and caused a pothole or sunked section. Please repair. This has been like  for 2 months now.
Many potholes, some due to construction at  YMCA
Multiple potholes on bridge deck over San Diego River southbound, before turnf to  8
Potholes on west ramp to La Jolla Parkway
There several potholes in  intersection  Red Cedar Drive and Mesa Madera Drive.
Wall
ASPHALT SINKING AGAIN  4" N/B REGENTS @ PENNANT WY
Former underground plumbing fix now sinking -  looks like an old paving to cover an underground repair is now subsiding and has caused a 5' sag-pothole to form.  Please patch .  Thanks for your help!
Pothole in a busy intersection. 30th & B St - northbound lane  30th, just in front   stop sign painted whe line.  This is a busy intersection and  hole is a surprise for bicycle riders.  Please patch as soon as possible.  thank you for your help!
Multiple potholes and street damage on  block - northbound lane across from both 1232 and 1244 30th.  This is a busy street and  block is a messy patchwork  old repairs that are falling apart and causing dangerous condions for bicyclists - just across  intersection from an elementary school.  Please fix  entire stretch  pavement -  is crumbling!  Thank you for your help!
Pothole
Roadside next to curb and surrounding area (about 2-3 square feet) needs urgent patching - all  gravel is coming out and now re's a relatively big hole.
There is a pothole in front  drive way that is getting bigger by  hour.
Eastbound Meade at SwiftPothole needs fixing, right where bikes travel, deep enough to trap bike wheel and cause accident. Please fix.Thank you.
Street is buckling behind parked cars in front  Fido & Co which caused my partner to fall.
Bottom right
SOLICITAMOS, LOS VECINOS DE ESTA AREA, UN DOBLE PATRULLAJE EN ESTA CALLE  MARCONI DR ENTRE PASEO DE LAS AMERICAS Y MICHAEL FARADAY. MOTIVO:  TODOS LOS DIAS ESTAN ROBANDO VEHICULOS Y SAQUEANDO OTROS. LE REPITO TODOS LOS DIASMI NOMBRE ES RAMIRO CORONADO Y QUICIERA HABLAR CON ALGUN OFICIAL QUE ME PUDIERA ATENDER EN ESTA SITUACIONGRACIAS SDE ANTEMANO
Per consumer:  Pothole in alley
Huge pothole, been like that for months.
Cut section  concert road sinking into ground.
Pothole in  road







FIX ME!!!
Roads are horrible i feel my car going down that street and after going down that street for a 1 year my suspension seems to have gotten worse but i would be thankful if you would take a look at .  Near by areas
Between 42nd and 41st street on Universy Ave., in  west bound lane, re's a pothole where a manhole cover is. There's an approximately 3 inch gap that thrashes vehicles if y're not able to swerve to miss . This needs to be fixed. If re's a 3 inch drop, re's obviously something wrong wh  way  manhole cover ss, not flush, wh  street. Please fix at your earliest.
Going north on Regents at  I - 52 large pot hole
EB on W Mission Bay Dr, intersection after Mission Blvd/W Mission Bay. Just east  pedestrian crossing light but before left turn pocket. Pothole in #1 lane.
Reimbursement  $175 for expense incurred to replace a tire that exploded due to landing on a large pothole located on southbound lane cross street  College Dr. and Steamview Dr.   that intersection, re are only two lanes going north and south via College Dr.  pot hole was located on  left hand lane (southbound lane)  traffic made  impossible to avoid  tire was damaged beyond repair.  tached are several photos   pothole, tire damage, and receipt for tire replacement.  I thank you in advance, please make check payable to Lourdes Sevilla, 814 Trailhead Place, Chula Vista, CA  91914.  If addional information is needed, call me at 619 482-7359.
Pothole in  road that I reported earlier in report 115004.  was marked closed even though  wasn't repaired. There are potholes all over  area.
Corner  Horado Rd & Sambrosa Pl is broken up across entire width  Sambrosa and needs to be repaired.
Pothole on left turn lanes from Carmel Mountain Road to I-5/805 South
Large cutouts on  road wh large holes.
Next to  crosswalk and in front   bus stop  road has a huge bump. When you drive over ,  scrapes  bottom  your car. This bump is not supposed to be re.
Please consider street resurface  Fairmount Ave going north from Montezuma Rd up  8 freeway. All 3 lanes in poor condion (cracks and new potholes)
Going east on Montezuma Rd from Fairmount Ave up to Collwood Blvd. new potholes on  left lane. Please repair thank you
1x1 pot hole that needs to be patched.
There are numerous missing chunks  asphalt on Rancho Carmel Dr. between Carmel Mountain Rd. and Ted Williams Pkwy.. The ride on  road is extremely rough on both sides. re is also a missing cover for a pipe.
Potholes in  eastbound lanes in  2000 block  Camino Del Rio North.
Large pot hole se corner
Street cracked  grass coming up between   hole need  a  new  sides  walk

REPAIR BUMP LEFT AFTER RECENT "REPAIR"
Pothole
Potholes on intersection  Mercury and Balboa Ave.
Pothole
Pot hole and damaged pavement on southbound lane. Approaching NW corner  bridge.
Left turn lane  S/B 40th Street at S/B I-15 on-ramp. This pothole is a hazard to motorcyclist. My motorcycle's front tire caught  pothole during  turn and  almost tossed me from my motorcycle.
POTHOLE BEFORE SB ON-RAMP
right in  middle   road.  May be a second smaller one whin 10 feet or so.
In  middle   intersection at La Jolla Village Drive and Towne Centre Drive, re is a pothole.
Westbound on Balboa Ave, left turn lane, about 100' from  intersection, re is a pothole next to  cement gutter. This is my second time reporting  pothole.
Pothole
Pothole not repaired adequately. Very dangerous and accidents have occurred because   pothole. Please repair sufficiently. Euclid needs to be desperately re-paved.
pothole is 10' straight out from  driveway gate to  property.
  stoplight at end  hwy 8 f-ramp, re is a large pot hole in  outside turn lane - impacting those who are turning left onto College Ave.
pothole in  street. caller tripped and fell
multiple potholes and fractured pavement along westbound Chatsworth from approximately Del Mar to Catalina Blvd.
Intersection Garrison and Liggett Dr. has a couple potholes.  A few more down Liggett past Del Mar Ave.
As you turn into  street on  right side next to  first driveway into  parking lot for 3366 (building wh San Diego County Cred Union) re is a pothole getting progressively worse as a result  a insufficient patch after street work--thought  might be temporary but nothing has been attempted for 6 months.
Please repair pothole in  middle   street oppose  Beth El Seminar
large pothole in  street, souast  corner  intersection
Large pothole at  crosswalk   northbound lane  Knoxville Street.  is currently filled in wh chunks  broken bricks and dirt because  how bad  hole was.  need a more permanent fix.
Pot hole has been not fix for over a year and half.  Machinery was fixing sewage and  created huge pot holes. There are 3 pot holes between Redwood and Thorn. Rocks jump when cars pass by. Previously  was reported but nothing has been done. Cy workers have marked  holes but nothing has been done. Immediate response is needed.
16x16 square patch on SE corner disolving
Multiple potholes at  location. One pothole is approximately 12" inches deep and approximately 3'.5" wide.  The curb in  area is also in need  repair.
Mt Everest Drive leading to my address is riddled wh potholes. The street gets worse every year. Been here 20 years and  road keeps getting worse, wh less attention to patching emergent potholes. Thanks for any help you can provide.
The gas/water lid is broken and is causing a safety hazard.  The cy came out and put a cone over  a few weeks ago but  has been removed and  cover is still an open gaping hole.
Please reference  emails below to follow up wh Mr. Steven Cordova  4222 Swift Avenue, he states re has been an orange cone next to a pothole in  street for  over one year and he is wondering when  will be repaired?
Huge pothole/ dip in  road where turning from dennery on to Del sol blvd keeps messing up my car and tires
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A LARGE POTHOLE IN THE FAR RIGHT LANE ON SEAWORLD DR SOUTH OF THE I-5 EXIT RAMP.
POTHOLES
Very bad road condion.
Per consumer: Large pothole s/b Fairmount on ex ramp to Aldine
The street was recently ground and re-paved, EXCEPT for  WORST part heading west on Otay Mesa Rd to Sanyo Road
Lots  potholes that need to be repaired
Per consumer:  Pothole e/b Clairemont Mesa Bv before Overland
4" high bumps and 2" dips causes problems for cars turning left from miralani in  #2 lane
Huge hole in  middle   lane going southbound Euclid Ave at home Ave Across auto shop and just passing nates garden grill
Per consumer:  Pothole causing trip hazard 55th & Aztec Way
Pothole across from fire hydrant
Pothole
Large cracks and pothole along Bacon St, cross street Muir St in 92107.
Pothole in Northwest corner  intersection wh Navajo Road.

Large pothole by curb prevent vehicles from parking properly.
Multiple Potholes
The pot hole
Potholes
When exing from i-5 north at  ex, many potholes left lane
This whole street is horrible and dangerous especially going downhill.
This whole street is horrible and dangerous especially going downhill.
This whole street is horrible and dangerous especially going downhill.
This whole street is horrible and dangerous especially going downhill.
This whole street is horrible and dangerous especially going downhill.
This whole street is horrible and dangerous especially going downhill.
This whole street is horrible and dangerous especially going downhill.
Water has been seeping up at  north entrance to  alley by a house at 2820 Meade Ave., San Diego.  This has been going on for many months.   doesn't appear to be stagnant because vehicles are always coming and going at that spot and  pool is constant.  's right by  sidewalk. If  notice is going to  wrong cy department, please forward  to  correct department.  This doesn't appear to be overwatering.
POTHOLE
POTHOLES
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF THE ADDRESS
Pot hole = right front flat tire
Potholes on street
There is a pothole on  corner  Winona and Twain. The pothole is getting larger and deeper every time a car runs over .
Large pothole


Per consumer: Pothole w/b Lamont x-Garnet
Pothole on westbound Milton
Three potholes on Chatsworth Street at Del Mar Street
Intersection  La Jolla Village Drive and Genesee Avenue.
Northbound Villa La Jolla Drive immediately before La Jolla Village Drive intersection. re are humps in  right-hand lane. This is  second time I've reported  asphalt condion.
Middle   Street. Pothole. There are several  m. Please repair. This street needs to be completely resurfaced PLEASE
Minor potholes on  street please repair
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES IN THE NORTHERN CROSS WALK AT THE INTERSECTION.
Pothole located here....in  92154 area
Sinkhole right in front  house. Been re for a year and is starting to spread
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
We have a severely cracked street that needs patching or resurfacing.
I put in a request prior to  and you sent someone out to repair  but y did not do all  .  There are wires in  ground that are supposed to be covered but y wires are exposed.  These wires are for  signal at  corner  Avenida Abeja and Bernardo Center Drive on  west side   street.  The wires are a trip hazard, can you cover m up wh asphalt?
There is a pothole about 2 feet in diameter and 4 inches deep in  middle   road on Universy Ave. heading west.  This pothole has been re for about 3 weeks now.  Please have someone come and fill in  hole.  Thank you.
Several potholes and uneven pavement.
This is a revision in  wording   tracking number 00117522 Should read Hwy 8 OFF-RAMP, *not* On-ramp.Pothole on College Avenue / f-ramp outside turn lane heading East towards Del Cerro.
Sidewalks on South Side  Elm between 4th and 5th have trip hazards. Potholes, crosswalk,  crosswalk wasn?t painted very well. Fourth and Elm, broken asphalt. Walk re everyday, hard for people wh walker. ?s especially hard at night since  light is dark, walker gets stuck more ten. Almost fell about 6 times. Couples  people almost fall also. Scary to walk, deter me from walking.
There are three Massive potholes, spaced about 50 yards apart, from digging up  road to install curbing and water drainage.
Between curb lane and bike lane NB south  Taylor
cy left area very bumpy
Pothole
Pot hole
The road has several defects in 
LARGE POTHOLES SPANNING INTERSECTION
Hole in road
large pothole at esacala dr & chretien ct
Broken concrete around service  covers: large pieces are loose and shift in place when run over by a car.
Pothole at stop heading east at intersection  Pacifica and San Anslemo.
Pothole
Pothole in street front  address.
Westbound Pomerado Rd

Pothole in right lane
Trench dug over 6 months ago not properly repaired after work.  Across Mira Mesa Blvd at Montongo.  See https://www.google.com/maps/@32.9118535,-117.1523478,3a,75y,334.74h,68.59t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sGoXoCkDrudnTazRMe-3dKw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656
Trench not repaired after road work, Mira Mesa Blvd E/B east  Montongo, Right Shoulder. .  Sidewalks damaged.  Note location  red cones?  Cones are gone but sidewalk still has temporary patch.   is a trip hazard.  https://www.google.com/maps/@32.9119381,-117.151869,3a,75y,57.75h,64.37t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sz6x0iPQMguYUONrv4dxiBw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656
POT HOLES GOING BETWEEN MADERA AND 65TH BOTH LANES
Pot hole deep & full  stagnant water
Pothole
There is a rar large and deep pothole in  west bound lane  Beagle Street.
Similar to a pothole, maybe a maintenance access point (filled wh water). Very deep, in bicycle lane and a define serious hazard. Uploaded photo is poor qualy.
On  eastbound lane  westmore
Huge pothole in rt hand lane southbound on 6th & Universy
pot hole  width   trench and 4 inch's deep has been re for months


Pothole

Pothole in  west-bound lane and in front  auto repair shop
Intersection  Alta view and Paris way. 3foot by 2 foot pot hole causing cars to swerve around into oncoming lane
Pothole in  west-bound lane
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Several large potholes on westbound Stalmer/Beagle between Ashford Street and las Street
Potholes developing ... large cracks
re's a triangular-shaped manhole in  middle   street.  outer ring is missing. someone stuck a piece  concrete between  road and  manhole. 's a b dangerous and I'm afraid someone might pierce a tire.
Pothole

Pothole
Pothole
You previously fixed a pothole near  a few months ago, but  road has disintegrated and a new, larger hole has developed on Colusa Street, Northbound lane, between Gaines & Riley in 92110.Also, anor hole near a recent repair by USD on Linda Vista Road just  South   lighted USD South entrance intersection  Marian Way & Mildred in  Southbound lane  Linda Vista Rd.
Someone installed a time warner cable or similar across  whole road, filled  wh asphalt, but  asphalt has fallen in.  The trench extends across  road.
This is a sinkhole / collapsed pavement on Rios Rd, just north  Bernardo Oaks Drive.  needs to be filled and was previously reported but not fixed as stated.
Huge pothole on eastbound Camino Del Rio N, indicated by red dot on attached Google maps picture. Just east   I-8 West onramp, before  stop sign, right lane.
deep potholes,  westbound on beagle up to  intersection at armstrong
Water is constantly coming out   particular pothole at  SE side  Thorn on 30th.
Porthole going east were  bridge meets  street again. 's on  left lane going eastbound
Porthole going east on  left lane right after  bridge (going over highway 15) where  bridge meets  street again.
Westbound Pomerado at intersection
There are missing chunks  asphalt throughout Rancho Carmel drive between Ted Williams PKWY and Carmel Mtn Rd.  The ride is extremely roughens bumpy.
Pot Holes
Pothole on southbound North Torrey Pines Rd. Pothole on bridge, and in bike lane.
Pothole in crosswalk - on whe stripe
There are several large potholes on Beagle Street between Ashford Street and las Street.  These could easily cause tire damage and need to be repaired.

Dear Sir/Madam,   road is a complete disaster. Petco put ir national headquarters in last summer, and  road never got fixed as part   plan. This is  worst stretch  road in  entire county, and when I say that I mean  is  WORST stretch  asphalt anywhere in all  San Diego county. Addionally,  patch at W Bernardo Dr at  stoplight has been completely abandoned for a very long time.
Pothole around man hole cover

The stretch  Pomerado road from  intersection  Pomerado Road/Willow Creek Road all  way to  intersection  Pomerado Road/Fairbrook Road is terrible and needs to be fixed. Damage to  cars and safety issue to motorcyclists or bike riders.
Middle southbound lane
Pothole in crosswalk area.
Referred from water minor asphalt rep needed.
3 Potholes
This intersection is in terrible shape.   has been repaired and patched until  reminds me  a 3rd world country.  s dangerous -  pot-holes and cracks fill up wh water when  rains and  is hazardous when trying to turn or cross  intersection.  Please make a thorough and complete repair - no more patch-work.
I've reported  pothole before.   is on  f-ramp right at  junction   asphalt and  cement.  s been patched before, but  needs to be re-repaired please.  s a 10 min job and my tires and car's suspension will thank you.
About a year ago,  State  CA attempted to repair and back-fill a collapsing drainage pipe spanning  east-bound lanes   freeway.  They failed and  roadway depression has only worsened (become much larger) over time.  Now  "bump" is much worse than  was before  "fix".  The blotched repair needs to be re-evaluated and re-fixed as  fills up wh water now when  rains and that's dangerous.
Pot holes at  intersection plus  or 3 corners please fix  Thank you
POTHOLE
Pothole
Pot holes on  street corner
Pothole on right side   road.
Pot hole
Pot hole
Concrete has broken loose and has created a healthy pothole at  intersection  Acama Street and Andasol Street.
#1 N/B lane at intersection Via De La Melodia. 18" pothole. Also,15 feet furr north  asphalt is missing down to  concrete base for about a 4 foot run five inches wide



Pothole in his intersection
Potholes
Badly damaged asphalt and concrete in  intersection
Badly damaged asphalt at  location
Multiple potholes have surfaced again on San Pasqual Rd between Tierra De Dios and Old Milky Way on both lanes north and southbound.  This road is very dangerous and  potholes just escalate  risks for bicyclists, motorcycles and vehicles.
Pothole
Road (Santo between 52 and Antigua) needs resurfacing, please consider
Clairmont Mesa btwn Antigua and 15 needs resurfacing
I wnessed a woman walking her son and dog fall in  middle   road because   pothole between Kamloop and Taos Drive.
There is a dangerous amount  potholes in front  my house. I reported  back in July. They moved  to a "closed" status. Nothing happened. This is  previous report number 00094127.

Growing pothole
Pothole
HUGE POTHOLE, E/B BALBOA 75 YARDS WEST OF GENESEE  #2 LANE,
potholes in both directions
pothole on b street
West bound lane on Beagle St just before Ashford stop sign, 4 or 5 pot holes
On 11/16/16 piping work was done in  alley way behind 4585 33rd Street, 92116 and  workers left behind a large mound  tar blocking  entire garage entrance.  When entering and exing  garage, my car hs  mound and causes damage.
Work has recently been completed in  fast lane   northbound street. The patch work is large (est. 6' x 6') and is in very bad shape. Cars make sudden lane changes to dodge  lumps and bumps.
Large pothole, street crumbling
Pothole
Numerous potholes and deteriorating paving Southbound on La Jolla Scenic Dr. N., especially on downhill portion approaching La Jolla Parkway
Small sinkhole that keeps reappearing.  Please research  to prevent something major from happening (like a large sinkhole).  Thank you!
This pothole has been re by  stop signs intersection for almost a year now. And no one ever filled  up. I pass by  big pothole everyday to work, I think street division should do something about , because car alignment and tire wear aren't cheap. I don't want cops thinking suspicious if I go around  hole. Please do something about .
Pot hold in left turn left from Genesee Ave turning on to E Genesee Court.
Pothole, eastbound lane.
The asphalt is buckling so re is a dip in  street on  west side   street. Probably failure   substrate from  sewer project 3 years ago.
MASSIVE pothole, huge drop. Very dangerous, particularly to be on a freeway ex.
re have been steel plates on  road for over three weeks. y are not set down smooth, y are very uneven and set high above street level.   is damaging to cars going over m.  when will  street work be completed?  is right onto Morena blvd from Napa street going west.  in front  an Office Depot i think.please fix soon!thank you, Linda Matws
The intersection  55th and Santa Margara ST is in poor condion. The street is filled wh potholes and damaged pavement. There  are seams and damaged pavement all along 55th street.  A man hole on 55th street has a pot hole near .
8" pothole at corner  Camino Mira Del Mar and Carmel View Road

Potholes on  road
Asphalt hole - Southbound Nimz just south   Famosa overpass
Two nice wide potholes - southbound lane  30th right around G St.
This strange intersection has a nice large pothole right in  middle  .  PLEASE FIX!  THX
Eastbound lane  asphalt pothole Riviera Dr just West  Ingraham
This T-intersection has a nice big pothole right in  middle  .  PLEASE FIX - THX!
Southbound lane - nice deep pothole.  PLEASE FIX - THX!
Pothole in intersection  Frankfort & Lister
Grandee Road and Grandee Court have large potholes wh large pieces  loose asphalt causing damage to cars. Please help.
Cement street wh pothole that is damaging cars suspension
Grandee Road and Grandee Court have large potholes wh large pieces  loose asphalt causing damage to cars. Please help.
There are numerous potholes in  area that are getting bigger and bigger.
There is a giant pothole that formed because temporary metal plates were not properly sealed. This screwed up my car.  looks like  is at least a foot deep.
Middle   street looks like a fault line. Please repair potholes and cracks thank you
Street had potholes and cracks please repair thank you
Root intrusion on Santo Road North, just South  SR 52. This is a root or possibly a utily installation. Very jarring bump just on northbound Santo Road just before  SR 52 overpass, about 500 feet across from 6200 Santo Road.
Many potholes on Boulder Lake Ave. near Whelan and Tommy Dr. The whole street is a mess. When will y ever repave  street.
Multiple deep potholes in that section  Fontaine, particularly at  intersection  Fontaine and Keighley.
Small pothole at intersection  Perla Court and Pacato Circle.
Going east right before  genesee light. In  right lane, re is a very deep pothole.
Potholes on both sides   street approx. 2ft wide
large pothole in alley behind address
at  top   hill, upas st, big hole north side  street
two large potholes traeling eastbound 5200 balboa av
Pothole
POTHOLES
Westbound Scripps Poway Parkway just east  Spring Canyon intersection
Two small, one larger pothole westbound Clairemont Drive.
POTHOLE IN SOUTHBOUND RIGHT LANE OF TRAFFIC LANES
Pothole in southbound right traffic lane
Pothole in west bound traffic lane  Clairemont Drive
Pot hole n/w corner.
S/B lanes right shoulder caving in for about 90 feet possibly related to ongoing construction at  Del Mar Highlands Town Center
Street damaged in front  property listed. Please fix as  is a hazard!
Large pothole in EB lanes
PER CONSUMER THE EAST BOUND LANES OF LA JOLLA PKWY FROM TORREY PINES RD TO HWY 52 ARE FILLED WITH POTHOLES.
Besides  contractor taking forever to build back  street, y created a hazard wh a poor temporary trench repair in  westbound direction.  Extremely bad bump that could cause a motorcycle to loose control!
Pothole
pothole
Norast  corner has open p that' looks  like  will become a sink hole (based  on    observation )  wh water flowing Into  ground on both sides    p.     least ,  some one will fall into    hole , if not baracaded .  is    side walk  as  noted  in picture.
Norast  corner has open p that' looks  like  will become a sink hole (based  on    observation )  wh water flowing Into  ground on both sides    p.     least ,  some one will fall into    hole , if not baracaded .  is    side walk  as  noted  in picture.
Norast  corner has open p that' looks  like  will become a sink hole (based  on    observation )  wh water flowing Into  ground on both sides    p.     least ,  some one will fall into    hole , if not baracaded .  is    side walk  as  noted  in picture.
Pothole on  right lane going east,  is exactly on  Crosswalk   intersection  Montezuma Rd (going east) wh Yerba Santa Dr. Exactly on  Crosswalk. Please repair. Thank you
There have been many requests. RIGHT LANE  Fairmount Ave going South. There is a pothole or  asphalt already took a deep.  is right before  traffic signal Going South were  street meets wh  8 Freeway Ex (ex going into Fairmount Ave North). Again RIGHT LANE. Right re and clear. Please repair . Thank you
Clairemont drive westbound
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole in turn pocket for 5 south at Carmel Mountain Rd.
I was driving my car and I damaged my wheel and tire to  huge pot hole
Pothole
Pothole in lane 1, westbound.
Pothole on  intersection  59th St and Madison Ave
When is  going to get fixed. This is  5th Request reporting that  street buckled. Now we have a pothole that looks more like a step in  middle   street PLEASE REPAIR IT THANK YOU
Manhole cover is very recessed from street surface so 's like a huge pothole a couple inches deep.  Is re anything that can be done to raise ?  Or at least taper  street asphalt around  so 's not such a jolt?
AT  foot  Boyd coming from east to west, just before stop line at Genesee.
HUGE pothole going SE down Clairemont Drive RIGHT BEFORE you reach Clairemont Court.  Only one lane going that street.  Thanks you.
Large potholes  on Balboa Ave. between Mt. Everest and Genesee ave. East bound side in both  number 1&2 lanes.   Also  company doing  potholing needs to re-do ir holes on Balboa in  same area.
Two pot holes
Pot hole
Westbound Scripps Poway Parkway at Village Ridge
Pothole really deep
Pothole really deep
Eastbound Scripps PowWay, Parkway at Spring Canyon near sewer manhole cover
In eastbound lane multiple potholes by  52 805 5 sign in #1 lane
I cycled on  road at  recent Cyclosdias event. The pavement is in urgent need  resurfacing.  is dangerous for cyclists due to ruts and potholes. Thank you. (PS The choices in part 2 above (Report Category/Type) do not include "resurfacing", so I chose "pothole".)
The entire length  Camino del Rio North is in urgent need  resurfacing.  The bike lanes (both eastbound and westbound) have longudinal ruts and cracks that make m dangerous for cyclists.  The entire road is full  cracks and potholes.  Thank you.

Large pot hole at  stop sign at 6200 Winona avenue and 4950 twain avenue San Diego 92120
The  South-east corner  Bernardo Oaks Drive and Francisco Dr. Asphalt damage 10x10 inch by 6 inch deep pot hole.
Very busy area and  intersection should get fix?!!
Sunset Ridge Rd/ Frank Daniel's
In front  used car dealership on  left lane re is a growing pothole going west on El Cajon Blvd
Big pothole southbound Linda Vista and Ulrich at  left lane at  signal ligjt
pothole eastbound on Gold Coast Drive
Redwood Street in between Chamoun Avenue and Menlo Avenue is an utterly terrible condion and has been for years please help
Potholes westbound lane on Gold Coast Drive from Westonhill Drive to Londonderry Ave.
There is a deep pothole East bound on Balboa Ave just  before Genessee which  may cause an accident if not repaired. I saw  Sunday acternoon at 1:30 on November 27.
Pothole about 4-5 inches deep and 2-3 ft wide
large pothole near intersection wh college ave
Multiple PotholesWinnett Street between Federal and Tooley
Multiple potholes after  last storm
Pothole in  westbound #2 lane.
Minor asphalt repair needed for sunken asphalt in  northbound #1 lane between 2201 and 2235 Pacific Highway.
Pothole in  westbound bike lane in  1000 block  Camino De La Reina.
Pothole, right turn lane onto La Jolla Village Drive from La Jolla Scenic
Multiple large potholes caused by  recent heavy rains.
Pothole on  right lane going northbound before  8 east entrance ramp. In addion, Multiple potholes on  street been Montezuma Rd and  freeway.
Going north on Fairmount Ave in  left lane re are bumps on  street were  street meets  8 east ex traffic signals. Multiple requests please repair! Thank you
Small bubbles in a few places in  street at  end   court.
Pothole
Pothole
Gateway center drive and market.
Pothole middle  intersection 24th and K St
Pot hole that's 2 1/2 ft wide and 1ft deep. From 6700Broadway to 65th Broadway, road has extensive damage.
Near  corner  Balboa Ave and Balboa Way re are two massive potholes where a cy crew had just been working several weeks ago.  If you turn right onto Balboa from Balboa way,  becomes necessary to dodge m.  They are on  right hand side   right lane.
Pothole
Deep pot hole on Balboa eastbound, right lane in  block before Genesee.  I'm not sure   exact address but  will damage  undercarriage/alignment  unsuspecting drivers
Pothole wh water constantly coming out.
Huge pothole on Balboa Avenue, damaged my rims, popped my tire and costed me time and money. This road needs to be fix ASAP and hope I will be reimbursed for  damages. PETER VO - SAN DIEGO CA, (RESIDENT)
la jolla villaige dr heading east just west  lebon dr, south lane
Many potholes after  rain on southbound Convoy. Cross street Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Especially bad at  intersection all  way to Engineer Rd.
Pot hole in crosswalk outside Sacred Heart School.
Northbound Pacific Highway across  street from old Old Town Inn right-hand lane
Numerous potholes northbound Pacific Highway next to old town trolley station parking lot. Multiple lanes involved
Large pothole located on Balboa Avenue between Mount Etna and Genesee on  south side   street.
Moving east on Clairemont Mesa Blvd, in  left lane, potholes span from Convoy Street to Ruffner Street.
very large sink hole that has been repaired three times keeps coming back
The sink hole starting in font  my home.  There is an area  crumbling asphalt about 8 feet wide by 15 feet long.    I cropped one photo so you could see  indentation in  ground.
The pothole here is about 2 feet long, a foot wide, and 8 inches deep.  could do serious damage. I drive  way everyday and have been doing so for  past several years and re has never even been a noticeable pothole in  exact location, and after a ton  work was being done on potholes near  balboa and mt. everest intersection, all  a sudden, a new ginormous hole was re. I am lucky I haven't h  yet, because if I hadn't seen  in daylight, I wouldn't have seen  in  dark, and would have wrecked  whole front end  my car and popped my tire.
Hole
LARGE POTHOLE, E/B BALBOA
In front  5564 and 5572 and 5582 and huge cracks in  street large chunks  gravel on  sidewalk from all  asphalt being chipped away at. This area needs a full replacing not anor patch job  cracks just keep coming back and getting bigger and worse every time.
deep and big pothole going South on Linda Vista Road right before  traffic light on Ulric Street.
Pothole in middle  street.
Potholes in front  Union back and Ci Bank please repair
Fairmount Ave going north from Montezuma Rd to  8 Freeway. All 3 lanes wh potholes due to recent storm rains. Please repair thank you.
Pothole was deep enough, that when gone through at 40mph on Balboa Ave between Mount Everest Blvd. & Genesee Ave. heading east. My tire was damaged once  went through , so badly I have to get  replaced.
Potholes and half a road bump in Kelowna Road
Pot hole s/b Ingraham  to eastbound Sea World
Several potholes at intersection  Balboa Ave and Mount Albertine Ave
third request to fix horrible bump on pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole and rough asphalt road on westbound lane on Wightman St, location is on map. Please review image.
large pothole at intersection
extra large pothole next to a man hole cover
2 potholes next to each or
deep potholes that everyone swerves  to avoid
several potholes 8975 & 8935 gold coast drive
SEVERAL EXTREMELY BAD POTHOLES IN FRONT OF OUR DRIVEWAY. CAUSING A LOT OF DAMAGE TO OUR VEHICLES WHEN COMING IN AND OUT. LOOKS LIKE A METEOR HIT THE STREET. HUGE POTHOLES ALL UP AND DOWN THE STREET. WOULD BE BETTER TO REPAVE THE WHOLE STREET IF YOU CAN IN CONCRETE. THIS HAPPENS WITHIN A MONTH AFTER CITY REPAIRS ARE MADE.
pot hole between Clairemont  Mesa Blvd and Antiqua Blvd
I-5 South Sea World Drive Ex in far right lane after turning right f  Ex.Very large dangerous pothole.  Needs to get fixed ASAP

Pot hole at corner  alley and palm
Large pothole northbound
large pothole infront og hyatt regency hotel at 3777 La Jolla Village Dr
In  alley behind 3051 Juniper and surrounding addresses, re is a large section  concrete which has been dislodged and is broken into large chunks that are sinking and pop up when people drive over m. There is yellow paint marking gas lines directly under  concrete/asphalt where  issue is.When we back out   garage into  alley,  concrete blocks had started to pop up under  weight   vehicle
Potholes
Potholes at  stop sign on Carroll Way at Trade St
A large pothole right in  middle   cross walk and  is hard to avoid when turning right onto Mt. Everest from Balboa
east bound Loring at Randall and furr east on Loring 4 potholes
A 200 yard stretch  Sunset Ridge drive at Spring Canyon Road has been riddled wh cracks and missing black top for at least  last 3 years.
This is more than a pot hole.   is a long spl in  road, resembling an earthquake fault line.   is widening every day.
ANOTHER REQUEST - DEEP POTHOLE on  Right lane going EAST on Montezuma Rd. 's were  crosswalk is on  intersection  Yerba Santa Dr & Montezuma Rd. Please repair . Pothole will cause vehicle damage to suspension.
Pothole
POT HOLE ON S/E/C
Sinkhole 8' diameter, 18" deep.
Pothole
On Friars Road (West Bound) approximately 75 yards, West  Fenton Parkway ,  West Bound #2 and #3, are sinking and has been getting worse over  last few months.
This is a trench that's sinking and has developed a deep, sharp edge.  Since re's work going on across  street (large widening and resurface), traffic controls have all traffic driving right over  deep, sharp-edged hole.  's very jarring to cars and has to be very bad for bicycles.  Two shovels  asphalt and a tamper would make for a quick, easy temporary repair.
There are several severe potholes on locust street between Macaulay street & Newell street. This area is used as a cut through when traffic backs up on rosecrans. These several severe potholes have caused many accidents because  cars speeding while cutting through on locust. Please help us! Thank you
pothole that can cause a flat tire
We have many large potholes on Avenida Venusto. Some were patched recently but  patch came out.
Road crumbling around pothole
In  left lane  NB N. Torrey Pines in  section adjacent to Muir Field, several potholes, bumps, breaks and rough parts in previous patching.
In  entire section  NB N. Torrey Pines, between Expedion Way and LJ Shores, numerous potholes and pavement breaks/cracks.
In NB LJ Shores at  location, new pothole in previously patched section.
In  entire section  WB Carmel Valley Rd between DM Scenic Pkwy. and N. Torrey Pines/Camino Del Mar, extensive cracks and rough pavement in areas where  roadway center line (double yellow line) used to be prior to relocation.
A lot, very many, too many, potholes behind grocery store, Target & Home Depot.
Sunken pavement
pothole in front  our water meter in street.   measures as a 3.5" depression.  Neighbors complain bterly about  pothole, likely caused by multiple damages due to past utilies work by  cy.
My street on 60th st south  universy ( just south) Between universy and rock place has lots  potholes .92115
Whole street has been in need  paving for a couple years. People currently Drive wh two wheels in  gutter to avoid most   potholes
Washington st. has been left in a very bad condion since y install new water pipes I guest.  re are steel pipes about a foot wide sticking up about three inchs above  street from goldfinch to about fifth ave. s very bumpy to drive over,i have never seen a street left in  condion for so long. on  webse I could not see any plan to repave  Washington st. !!!
Pothole
Potholes heading north on Fairmount just south  I-8 overpass.
Pothole right in  MIDDLE   street (middle lane marker), oppose  Living Room Cafe restaurant and/or Funeral Home. Near  traffic signal.
Corner  Avenida Venusto & Bernardo Heights Parkway road surface where concrete meets asphalt is badly damaged wh pot holes and chewed up asphalt across entire width  Avenida Venusto.
Large pothole in right lane  eastbound la jolla village
large pothole at intersection's walkway
The second left turn lane going westbound on Genesee, at  intersection  Genesee and Linda Vista road has a large very deep pothole.
severe pothole on Balboa avenue traveling east which caused my tire to puncture
Very deep hole in an asphalt patch in  alley/street, that appears to be growing rapidly. The sand beneath  has eroded away.
When you ex interstate 5 south at Sea World Dr and turn right (West on to Sea World Dr) re is a very large pot hole. The pothole is about 25 to 50 feet west   intersection. The pot hole is about 3 feet by 3 feet. No safe place to park or stop to take pictures.
Small approximately one foot round pothole in middle  street in front  3642 las St, San Diego
Road construction has been in progress for over 2 months and has greatly affected  residents' abily to park. Currently  entire street is marked as a tow-away zone, so eir construction needs to speed up or an alternative solution needs to be provided.
Lots  cracks and deep holes ok  road. Shredded my bike tire at  spot.
POT HOLE IN NB LANE
Deep pothole just north  Lewis Street on Bachman Place in northbound lane. Potholed has been circled wh orange paint
Numerous potholes
Numerous potholes
Between Mound and Eldridge re are about a dozen large and small potholes.  Also  intersection  Mound and Barclay is torn up.
In NB North Torrey Pines, left lane, at approx.  location (between Salk Inst. Rd. and Estancia La Jolla), pothole
POTHOLES AT THE CUL-DE-SAC
a large pot hole has formed in front  our condos driveway causing a severe tripping hazard and pooling  storm water.  had been previously reported ~3 years ago.
GRAFFITI N/E/C ON RESIDENTIAL BLOCK WALL
POTHOLE NORTH SIDE OF INTERSECTION
POTHOLES FROM 5156-5170
POTHOLE (NORTH PART) AT CROSSWALK
pothole alley btwn is bank and re aid
I was driving down 5th ave. just past Maple St. in front  "The Market Place" at approximately 4:45pm on 11/29 when I h a very large pothole wh both my passenger front and rear wheel. I later inspected my wheels and y both have severe damage. I returned  next day 11/30 at 4:30pm to take pictures   pothole. The pot hole had recently been filled. I appreciate  quickness   street repair, however my wheels and potentially my tires have been damaged as a result   pothole.
pothole in west bound lanes  Del Sol Blvd. just before corner  Del Sur Blvd. and Del Sol Blvd.
Gesner St between Morena Blvd and Chicago is probably one   worst example  potholes that are dangerous.  This is a very busy street and needs repairing.
Pothole in front  plaza

Pothole in front  2027 Winnett Street
Pot hole as you get f  5 freeway on la jolla village dr.
Deep potholes in right turn lane to Camino Santa Fe from Carroll RD
Multiple potholes in eastbound lanes  Mira Mesa starting in  intersection  Black Mountain and continuing to Interstate 15.
In  intersection  4th & G - Perhaps 5th & G - pothole, multiple inches deep.
Multiple chunky potholes in  westbound lane(s) - coming f   PCH south turnf - a bad section  asphalt.
2 potholes
Pothole is on Balboa Ave. and corner  Cannington Drive in San Diego (zip 92117) on  west side   street, middle lane.   is deep and needs repair quickly before  does damage to cars.
LOTS OF POTHOLES IN  ALLEY
Pothole
Pothole
On La Jolla Village Dr going westbound, re is a large pothole located in  outside lane, near  Hyatt hotel entrance, about 2 feet x 3 feet and 1-2 inches deep,  seems new  week, about 20 yards before  Lebon ex
Several potholes on Governor and Scripps Street in Universy Cy.  Mainly at  start  Scripps Street.
There are "several" potholes caused by heavy commercial truck use (The Pinery Nursery and Growing Ground Nursery ... both Cy  San Diego leased property.)  Some are dangerous due to  size   potholes.  They have not been repaired in que some time.
Pothole in center  road on yellow line. About 4" deep. Pothole is about in  middle   hill (not sure  exact address on Fontaine Street but close to 5501.
Potholes at  intersection  Linna Place and Fontaine Street. One in center and one near  stop sign at  bottom   hill.
Pothole at intersection  Navajo Road and Camino Estrellado (center  intersection). Potholes are also along  east bound lanes  Navajo Road from  intersection up  hill to  norast towards Park Ridge Boulevard (Patrick Henry High School). Potholes along Navajo Road occur every 50 to 100 yards or so (about 6-8 potholes total).
Potholes along Margerum Avenue from top  hill down to  bottom hill stop sign.
Multiple potholes all along Alta View between Potomac and Woodman.
Potholes in east bound lanes going towards stop light at intersection  Navajo Road and Park Ridge Boulevard.
large pothole in right lane, before driveway to Hyatt & Truluck's
Multiple potholes on Fairmount Ave going north between Aldine and  I-8 onramp
pothole in front   driveway
Very large pothole in front  my driveway. Gets worse by  day. Please fix!
Big pothole when getting f 5 south,  to west sea world drive.  Right after  right turn on  left side   lane.  About size  wheel. Big dip!  Ouch to my car

There is a large pothole in  street
Broken asphalt
The asphalt near an old telephone box has severely degraded. The plate moves and has become a serious tripping hazard.
POTHOLE CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE

Per consumer:  There is a new coating  tar. Gravel is loose and needs pothole fixed.
Deep potholes on WB Mira Mesa Blvd at Camino Ruiz
Deep 4'X 4' section  sagging asphalt on WB Mira Mesa Blvd at  location.
Wanted to report a HORRIBLE pothole on Santo rd right after  light turning onto  52 West
Pothole on Santo Road North just before you get to Antigua. Right lane.
  back gate to Fire Station 45,  asphalt has started to break up and needs to be repaired.  needs to be inspected by an engineer to determine how best to correct  problem  run f from  land scape above and  intersection  asphalt and concrete materials before  undermines  access to  fire station.
Pothole
Pothole
Large pothole on Linda Vista Rd (pothole is located in  #1, southbound lane on Linda Vista Rd, just prior to  Linda Vista Rd/ Ulric Dr intersection).  The pothole caused damage to my car and is likely causing damage to many or cars, as  is a very deep pothole (caused my construction) and at a busy intersection.
In  100 block  S Meadowbrook drive in both directions I have counted over 15 potholes.
The cy was working on pipes here and y covered  wh new asphalt.   rained a week ago and  asphalt sunk about 5 to 8 inches.  Now 's  longest pothole I've ever seen.  The location is after  bridge going east on Universy Ave, approaching  traffic light.
In alley east side  building. Major crumbling concrete road.
Potholes on north side  Avati Dr at 4179 and also 4142
There is a pothole in  right lane when exing Sea World drive from  5 South
South side crosswalk.
Intersection.
Intersection.
Intersection.
Intersection.
Numerous potholes and badly damaged asphalt on WB Washington from 9th all  way down to 4th.
Busy intersection pot hole
Multiple potholes southbound Woodman between Alta View and  54.
East bound Genesee Ave. before Linda Vista Road.  Left turn lanes to Linda VIsta Road re is a two foot diameter by three inch deep pothole.  Safety hazard.
Navajo east bound, right lane, just before Park Ridge signal light
There is a very large pothole, in  middle   right hand lane, when traveling Northbound on Santo Road. The pothole is between Remora Street and Antigua Blvd.
near  curb. whole street is a mess
on both sides  driveway
middle  street
pothole in middle   lot. 7 potholes in front   driveway. Our street is crumbling!!!!!
6 potholes at  one lot. Starting at driveway and go down  hill. The street is shattered.
two holes
street is shattered/ crumbling

Several potholes in northbound lanes or Vista Sorrento Pkey. approx. 75 feet north  intersection at Sorrento Valley Blvd.
Several Potholes getting deeper and wider.  On Balboa Ave (6500 Block) at intersection  Cannington Dr (4200 Block). Please fix. Thank You.
Severe pothole, big enough for a small car to fall into (about 8' deep  2'x3'). Right in  gutter   right turn lane onto North bound Mt Everest, where  asphalt meets  concrete in  intersection. North/East corner  Balboa and Mt Everest in Clairemont, 92117 westbound. 's getting bigger every day.
Pothole at corner  Balboa Ave and Mt. Everest. This has been fixed a number  times. Can someone fix  so that  last more n a few months. Very bad on our cars...........
Genesee Ave. from 163 to Linda Vista Rd. has been ripped up wh construction and never repaired properly. The turn lanes are compromised and  street is a MESS. Every day I drive  is ruining my car.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Ave. westbound.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions between Marlesta Dr. and Boyd Ave.
They redid all  concrete streets in  entire area except 51st between Orange and Trojan. Why is  not done?
Potholes on both sides  street all along  entire street.
Pot hole in front  Luckys Tattoo parlor
Awful on-ramp tarmac condion
Pothole on eastbound lane at point on map. Thanks for patching.
Multiple potholes on both sides  Del Mar Scenic Parkway as well as roots lifting pavement up
Potholes throughout Rancho Carmel Dr from Ted Williams Pkwy to Carmel Mountain Rd.
I have send multiple request to fix  potholes. The first time I was told to not go on  first webse were I reported m before  to report  potholes wich took over 3 months for  request to be confirm. I have tried to fill da potholes wh dirt but res not alot I can do, my tires have warn out. I cannot wa for anor 3 months or more for  to get fix. I will file a lawsu.
Weatbound Camino Del Norte from I-15 until cy boundary-right two lanes have MANY MANY potholes. Lanes need to be completely replaced. Already lost a tire to m.
Huge pothole right by North Torrey Pines Road between Expedion Way and La Jolla Shores Drive
Pothole
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE POTHOLES LOCATED IN THE CROSS WALKS AT THE INTERSECTION AND IT IS VERY HARD FOR THE DISABLED CITIZENS TO CROSS.
Water main leak occurred and repairs need to be completed. This cul de sac was just nicely resealed  summer and  water dept only patched  bigger spot. This needs to be filled in as well . Thanks!
Subject: Asphalt - 2600 Grand both Westbound lanes & Figueroa - High traffic Prioryafter every rain,  3 blocks from W. Mission Bay to Bond street has chuck holes that reopen again & again & again
POTHOLES STATING 3 BIG POTHOLES BETWEEN THOSE ADDRESSES
I was driving at night in San Deigo on 11/24/16 and turned  corner only to fall into a large pothole next to  curb in front  Hampton Inn and Sues.  The area was not l or marked or identified in any way.  My car's wheel covers on  passenger side were significantly damaged.  I am seeking assistance from your department to get  covers replaced, due to  damage caused by  incident.
Taylor Street was recently resurfaced and  portion near  eastbound on and f ramps to I-8 was omted. When will  Cy be completing that portion  Taylor Street?
There is a large pothole at  top   on ramp when you head south on 3600 Morena Blvd from East bound Garnet. There is no safe place to pull over to take a picture   pothole. The pothole is about a foot to 2 feet in diameter.
POTHOLES UNPATCHED AFTER CONTRACTOR JOB
pothole in front  2703 Figueroa Blvd.
POTHOLES ALONG SIDE OF ADDRESS
On  street re's a lot  potholes specially on  corner  44th and Boston Avenue. Street isn't terrible condions. There's a lot a lot  cracks on  asphalt sending a few pictures all  potholes and  broken asphalt. This street has been like that for more n 2 years and nobody has paid attention to . A few years ago  cy came and y just poured some kind  black paint over  and that was .
Mulilple potholes on 41st Street. Thanks in advance
westbound lane on  east corner   intersection, a sharp hole has formed in  street. a bicyclist nearly went down on  today and my tire h  hard. please repair. thank you.
Lots  potholes on  entire street
There is a pothole
A decent size  pothole just right after I-5 f ramp to Sea World drive
left-hand through lane  southwest-bound Rosecrans, somewhere nearly center in  Rosecrans-Midway intersection, re seems to be a pothole.   was dark when I was headed to work so I did not see , but my left wheels banged into  as I went through  intersection.   was a hard enough "bang" that I thought I'd better let you know.
Dennery between Palm and Wal-Mart
Potholes in  northbound #2 lane in  5600 block  Fairmount Ave.
Potholes on  north side   intersection  Alabama St and El Cajon Blvd.
From Broadway and Madera st. To Encanto Elementary School, street needs to be fixed. There are cracks, & potholes, all  way up  street. Very bad for vehicles and motorcycles
Tire sized pot hole near curb
Pothole on Genesee ave/northbound @ linda vista Rd intersection, in  left turning lanes
There are a bunch  deep potholes on Gold Coast Dr between Westonhill Dr and Thanksgiving Ln. Lots  drivers are swerving into oncoming traffic to avoid m
Westbound Pomerado Road 50 feet west  Aveneda Magnifica intersection.
Westbound Pomerado Road. Numerous half a dozen bottles about 1000 feet east  Willow Creek Road.
Pothole in lane heading south
There are a bunch  deep potholes on Gold Coast Dr between Westonhill Dr and Thanksgiving Ln. Lots  drivers are swerving into oncoming traffic to avoid m
Large sunken manhole/sewer covering in intersection on West side  intersection
Pothole blocking path way from bus to Kaiser hospal. Hard on handy cap.
A crew was here a few weeks ago to dig up  street for some type  a repair, probably water or sewer. They patched  street and now re is a big hole that keeps sinking and enlarging.  has created a dangerous suation and cars have to veer around  to avoid .
#2 above would not allow me to select "street" so I selected pothole. Taylor St. at signalized intersection for EB 8 f ramp and on ramp, small potholes and poor condion  pavement. Eir side  intersection on Taylor has been repaved,  section missed. Also at Taylor St./Hotel Circle South, where concrete  Taylor St. Bridge abuts to asphalt, asphalt is in poor condion. The remainder   intersection has been repaved.  is my understanding  Cy  San Diego has a maintenance agreement wh Caltrans to maintain those roadway areas. When are those two areas scheduled for repair?
Potholes in front  driveways and along gutters in neighborhood. Neighborhood is 50+ years old and roads are needing repair.
Four potholes starting at 5652 Stresemann near corner  Pennant continuing for two blocks wh  last one in front  west driveway for Mission Bay Montessori School.
Pothole
On WB La Jolla Village Dr., center lane, near where f-ramp to Gilman Dr. begins, pothole.
POTHOLE
Dangerous pothole on Laurel St about 20 feet west  State St, right-hand lane just before signal.
Pothole
POTHOLES CAUSED BY PREVIOUS CITY REPAIRS
pothole runs entire width at 15 N freeway entrance at Scripps Poway Parkway
pothole at Lepus and Kelowna runs 1/2 way across street where concrete gutter meets asphalt and 3 or so yards onto east bound Lepus.  needs to be repaired properly as  shakes your car violently when turning!
The entire intersection has potholes. Driving South on College Ave. and n making a left turn at  light onto Broadway (Discount Tires is on your right) feels like a roller coaster. Please repair. This intersection had been like  for a very long time.
E/B TO S/B LARGE HOLE PER PD
Pothole
Lots  holes and uneven pavement.
all  Antigua south  Clairemont Mesa Blvd needs to be resurfaced!
Asphalt has been crumbling
2 foot wide
Potholes in both lanes on ramp
This road is a freaking disaster. 's basically gravel at  point. Please fix .
Pothole at  mouth   94 freeway framp at 28th Street and Treat Street.
Pothole in street near norast corner  intersection  28th Street and Broadway.
west bound  lanes  Balboa just west os Mt Everest  2 potholes
Mt. Foraker just East  Mt. Long       On East side  Genesee
Horrendous potholes and street torn up at Datsun and Herage
2 large potholes in street, when car tires h m 's not a good suation! Need to be fixed ASAP
LARGE POT HOLE IN MERGE LANE COMING ON SB SEA WORLD DR SOUTH OF I-5 S FREEWAY
Pot hole
Exposed rebar, was filled wh hot patch 2 years ago, but is now rapidly expanding.

POTHOLE MIDDLE OF INTERSECTION
Giant pothole about an inch deep and 1 foot wide.
One large, one medium, and multiple small potholes on Cowles Mountain Drive just south  Jackson Drive.
Medium pothole in middle  Topaz Lake Ave., just east  Cowles Mountain Blvd.
 least two layers  asphalt revealed, and potholes created, along both sides  Topaz Lake Ave. between Cowles Mountain Blvd. and Lake Badin Ave.

Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Very dangerous pothole
Pothole is on  right hand side before  bridge going towards  northbound ramp coming west from imperial beach Boulevard.
Pothole
Multiple potholes along Donax  Ave need repairs
Pothole in  #2 lane on  transion ramp from southbound Pacific Highway to W Washington St.
Multiple potholes on  street
This area  chateau is nothing but a series  potholes
deep pothole in  right lane westbound just after  light at Mt. Everest Blvd.
Every day while driving to work my co workers and I are risking getting not only a nail in our tires, but having to drive through major potholes. The road is worked on constantly, yet  is never left in  good driving condions. Please help us and our cars by repairing  awful mess  cy has left.
The whole block has so many holes and cracks on  street that  makes my whole vehicle shake.  One pot hole broke a bracket on my front end..From 65th to  next street at Madera is terrible.
Many Pot holes along  street.
Pothole at intersection  Cabrillo Mesa and Polland
Large pot holes., on unlighted street, I twisted my ankle  or night when I did didn't see  and walk into ., 's now two feet wide., please fix.,
Pothole
  I-5 ex f-ramp connecting to Sea World Drive, heading West.  In  right-most ex lane.  Really easy to run over early in  morning, when 's dark!
Pothole
Sink hole in road not repaired properly and/or is begging to fail again. Needs attention as causing traffic to divert.
Pothole
Huge pothole in  left lane going west on Grand Ave just past Haines St. Difficult to see in  dark and has  potential to cause damage to vehicles.
Street cracking in multiple locations along Linares Street near  address. Cracks need to be filled wh asphalt.
Large road patch in front   address is deteriorating and exposing  crumbling road beneath.
Potholes
Pothole going northbound as soon as you get on  freeway.
Forward Street in Bird rock is treacherous, but one picture does not capture .
Forward Street in Bird rock, continued.
More on forward Street in Bird rock. There is still more all  way down  street but I think  should provide an adequate picture  a very dangerous street.
One more on forward Street in Bird rock  entire bicycle lane has almost disappeared.

Many streets are being resurfaced in our neighborhood  week, which is nice. However,  looks like one   worst sections  street is not going to be fixed while streets that are in good shape are getting resurfaced. Potholes have been filled unsuccessfully several times on Highwood Dr. between Bisby Lake Ave. and just past Coleshill Drive.  Addressing potholes individually is not fixing  suation. The whole section  street needs to be resurfaced.  receives a lot  traffic from Gage Elementary and is frequently used by neighborhood residents.   would be much better to fix  part  Highwood than Coleshill, which is slated for tomorrow. Thanks for your attention! (I inadvertently saved duplicate copies   photos.)
POTHOLE IN FRONT OF DRIVEWAY
Massive 4 inch gap across street hazard to skate boards, rollerblades, scooters and Padestrians
Minor asphalt rep/ pot hole as you turn right f El Camino Real
IN FRONT OF 10955 VIA ABACA POTHOLE BUT THERE AREA MORE POTHOLES ON THE SAME STREET
PATCH OVER LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF ADDRESS
Westbound  2100 bk Grand - South Lane - ALL - full  chuckholes ( between Olney & Noyes

POTHOLE
There are multiple large pot holes between  point and paradise valley rd. Please don't make me report m all, please fix m all
Pothole near intersection
Large lengthwise cracks in wb lane, bad for motorcycles
On otay mesa road out by  125 from harvest road to  county line ( about a half mile  road) The entire road is filled wh potholes.  s on otay mesa road from harvest road to  county line.  Basically  entire section   road needs to be repaved or fills hundreds  potholes.  Car are always swerving and going into oncoming traffic just to avoid driving thru se potholes.
Pothole at  intersection.
Potholes at  intersection.
Railroad crossing is in horrible condion. The crossing is que uneven, resulting in slow moving cars over  railroad tracks, bottoming out, and negative impacts to shocks on vehicles. Please consider repairs. Furr, in  mornings and evenings,  backup behind  light crossing  tracks to turn left or right onto Imperial is too short and creates a backup  vehicles.
Potholes on Universy frontage from 58th to 60th
Frontage
Frontage road
Frontage road
Frontage road
Frontage road
Frontage road
Frontage road
Frontage road
Frontage road
Frontage road
Frontage road
Frontage road
Northbound Pomerado  Rd just north  Cloudesly Drive, re are 2 potholes in  left northbound lane.
The narrow on-ramp from Home Ave. to  South 805 has multiple potholes.
Multiple potholes on Diamond st near entrance to alley way on South curb line.
Sinkhole in south alley on east side.
Deep pothole on alley between OceanView Blvd and Valle Ave
Dropped utily trench repair westbound on Grand @ Haines. Please inspect your contractors street repairs. Not acceptable even for temp repair. Very jolting drop! Thanks!
Pothole in middle  lane. Please patch  hole temporarily. A overlay project is under design phase for  street.
Pothole on Kelton Rd and Roswell St
Street looks like San Andreas Fault wh cracks running along  middle   street
In  middle westbound lane  Mira Mesa Blvd at Camino Ruiz (east side   intersection, closest to Wells Fargo) re is a large pothole where  cement meets  asphalt. 's big enough that 13" tires have a really hard bounce going over , and 's hard to avoid by moving over in  lane because  traffic moves so fast over re.  would be great if  could be filled in soon. Many thanks for your help! (Sorry I don't have an image, but you shouldn't take pics while driving! LOL) Not sure why you would really need to contact me, but if you must my work number is 858-405-3505. I don't need to be notified when 's fixed or anything. Trust me, my Geo will know when  happens! :)
4 or 5 potholes on Red Drive directly across from Cummins Pl
Potholes on Red Rock Dr across from Rter Court and just east  re in  middle  Red Rock Dr just before Courtyard Dr.
Potholes on Red Rock Dr just west  Waldgrove Pl and furr west prior to Scripps Ranch Blvd.


Pothole
Numerous (more than 4) in  street (alley).
Pothole in on street in front  16617 Dr. San Diego Ca. 92128. Check images.
Two blocks  multiple pot holes, heavy cracks and loose pavement. 's been years whout proper repair and 's next to a school.
Pothole
Potholes
from  under pass  ted williams parkway all  way up rancho carmel drive.
Pothole

Terrible potholes on  entire Kellogg street
Large deep pothole on eastbound lane from ex.
Serious street deterioration.
Hollister St in front  Southwest High School is embedded wh potholes and due to  high traffic  that particular street due to  High School and Elementary Schools and Condos on/near Hollister   potholes are too much to handle on a daily basis  and are only going to ruin our cars in  long run if  street isn;t repaired soon
Pothole/damaged road right on  light. Looks like cars have made holes for ir tires. The damage is right in front   Chevron gas station. You can notice  more on  right lane  College Ave going North. If you stop at  light you will notice  bumpiness and damage   road. Please fix as soon as possible. Than you!
Damaged road and potholes
In parking lot behind 2110 el cajon blvd
Pot hole.
Damaged asphalt
Pothole at Universy and. 9th
pothole
Pavement errosion causing uneven driving sirface
Bad potholes

Alleyway between Kansas st. and Utah st. at Polk st is in horrible shape after sewer construction took place.
The Parking lot pavement is extremely dangerous to everyone and everything that enters into  parking lot. The pavement in  parking lot has a huge pothole and EXTREMELY DANGEROUS to  visors to  park mainly children! Please fix  danger in my communy! I'm a home owner wh children who use  park regularly. Please contact me via phone call or email and let me know your action plan on  safety hazzard. Kevin Silverstein Email: kevinsilverstein@hotmail.com Cell: 619-203-7041
Per consumer:  Pothole in right-hand lane on Mission Gorge Rd (btw Old Cliffs Rd & Princess View Dr)
Northbound College ave between Universy and El Cajon Blvd is nearly un-drivable. The sewer repairs have been complete for some time but  street has not been mended.
 large pot hole RIGHT LANE EAST BOUND  SDSU BEHIND GIRLS SOFTBALL FIELD AND SCOREBOARD IN A CURVE IN THE ROAD...PLEASE FIX ASAP THIS HAS BEEN 3 MONTHS  NO ADDRESS AVAILABLE...THIS A HIGH TRFFIC ROAD....
Going east on Montezuma Rd new potholes between Fairmount Ave And Collwood Blvd, especially on  right lane please repair
No asphalt left, ~3' long X 1' wide
PER CUSTOMER MULTIPLE POT HOLES SOUTHBOUND ON ROSECRANS 3700 BLOCK
westbound 8975 gold coast drive ..large & deep pothole.
Going northbound street sinks a b due to inappropriate asphalt patch. Please repair.  is oppose  preschool.
Small bubbles after  last rain. new picture included for location purposes.  Chalk outline is to  left side   driveway at 4992.
There are many alligator cracks along EB La Jolla Pkwy in  #2 lane that will eventually erode into potholes.   is especially bad right after  Via Capri merge wh EB La Jolla Parkway.  There are 2 large potholes.  One about 1' in length and anor about 2' in length.  They are dangerous and will only growing larger in  rainy season.  Please fix soon!The signage on Via Capri is also dangerous.  The sign tells  driver to yield and I have only seen maybe 1-2 people yield in  17 yrs I've been driving along La Jolla Parkway/Ardath Rd.  The majory  people treat  as a "merge", not a yield.  The signage should be changed.  The speed  cars coming down La Jolla Parkway is too fast for a car on Via Capri to "yield" and n accelerate to safely enter.  The weeds have also grown high so that  is not easy to see if someone is merging from Via Capri onto La Jolla Parkway.  Please address.
Pothole
Large bump from previous repair in bike lane makes  dangerous for bikes.
REALLY deep pothole right in  intersection.
Near corner on 10th & F, right lane. Very bad road, needs repairs. All roads nearby were repaired recently (before All-Star game) except 10th Ave.
2 POTHOLES  S/B CAM DEL SUR (AFTER SANTA LUZ & BEFORE CARMEL VALLEY)
asphalt chuckholes Southbound Fanuel just after entering intersection  Grand
Eastbound Grand in  intersection  Haines
Southbound Sports Arena  under  edge     I-8 overpass
SEVERAL POTHOLES IN A THREE BLOCK AREA EAST OF POMERADO










POTHOLE
Potholes on EB LJ Pkwy in right (#2) lane just past onramp from Via Capri/LJ Scenic S
2 POTHOLES
This is more than just a pothole,  is a gully that measures as much as 4" deep in places.  runs  entire length   north side  Owen street between Rosecrans and San Antonio. The problem is exacerbated by a steady stream  water that runs along  curb, coming from someplace up  hill from us.
Between street and driveway

There is an overturned manhole (or something?) in  middle   street.   is also right around a blind corner so  can be hazardous when visibily is low.
2 weeks ago a cy employee placed a No Parking sign and 2 cones over a broken street cover . This is a safety issue that has been reported by neighbors. Any idea when  road hazard will be resolved? Thank yo
Two weeks ago, someone in  San Diego street department placed a "No Parking" sandwich board sign and 2 safety cones over a broken street (utily??) cover in  middle  Lipmann.  is in front  6494 Lipmann Street in Universy Cy. This broken cover straddles  yellow line.  is a safety issue. Can you give me an update on  proposed repair??? I suspect  sign has been h by cars because  direction   street sign changes every few days. Again,  is a safety issue that neighbors reported two weeks ago.
Pots holes throughout  cy streets  Agave Ridge Townhomes.  Residents are complaining 
Moderate size pothole always full  water in number 2 Westbound Ln. on Miramar Rd btwn Alesmh & Dowdy
Water leak repair in front  nate cafe,bottom  hill and middle  hill unsatisfactory repair, deep hole like dip very dangerous
Water leak repair in front  nate cafe,bottom  hill and middle  hill unsatisfactory repair, deep hole like dip very dangerous
Sunken area/pothole in  westbound lane  Juniper at 31st St just before  dip.
Concrete has large 4 in. Cracks in middle  intersection.convoy and Daggett
on fanuel concrete pot hole right where stop light is
Dozen 1 by 1 foot potholes, wh gutter water in m.  This is a chronic problem.  Heavy usage as Elm is close to I-5 onramp.   Whout major gutter water run-f work, y need re-filling about every 6 months, and I report  in.
A contractor installing fiber optic cables under  street made holes and n filled m. Some  se holes, like  one directly in front  my house have sunk down considerably. I don't know who is responsible for repairing se but  is continuing to get worse. I would greatly appreciate some help wh . Thanks.
A contractor installing fiber optic cables under  street made holes and n filled m. Some  se holes, like  one directly in front  my house have sunk down considerably. I don't know who is responsible for repairing se but  is continuing to get worse. I would greatly appreciate some help wh . Thanks.
A contractor installing fiber optic cables under  street made holes and n filled m. Some  se holes, like  one directly in front  my house have sunk down considerably. I don't know who is responsible for repairing se but  is continuing to get worse. I would greatly appreciate some help wh . Thanks.
Pothole in center  Van Dyke Ave., about across from  street light
This pothole broke my left front shock on my car.  is at  dealer getting an estimate now.
Approximately 3'x3' area  road that is totally destroyedThe dog in pic is Chloe :)
Large pothole on west-bound lane
Several potholes  length   street especially toward  ends - west and east   entered location.
Approx 2 x 2 pothole on Huerfano Ave where intersected by Tenshaw Pl
Repair pothole and alligator cracking to asphalt road at 6445 Tooley Street connection onto Paradise Street south.
Pothole between valve covers
2" deep pothole
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A LARGE POTHOLE ON THE NW CORNER OF THE INTERSECTION. REPORTEDLY 1' IN DIAMETER AND 2' DEEP.
Several dangerous potholes located at Andasol/Acama croossteets in 92126
  intersection  32nd and Dwight
Pothole at  crosswalk  32nd Street and Upus
PER CONSUMER THERE ARE DANGEROUS POTHOLES THAT ARE TRIPPING HAZARDS IN THE PEDESTRIAN CROSS WALK AT THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF THE INTERSECTION.
Pothole
Pothole
6 large potholes on  north bound on ramp to I5 N
Pothole on  crosswalk at 42nd street and North Park way
Pot holes and major cracks in street growing worse weekly wh trash pick up. Street needs to be resurfaced. Trip hazard and safety issues
PER CONSUMER THERE IS A LARGE POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION.

 road is need  a new surface. Please help  people and repair  road!!!!!
Many small and deep potholes along Genesee Ave. Caused me a flat tire driving over one
There is a very large and deep pothole in front   west driveway.   is where  sidewalk/cement meets  asphalt.
East bound Balboa just through garnet intersection
Heading east on balboa at  intsection at  7-11 re is at least 3 potholes in  intersection
Large pothole on Dwight St at  intersection  Herman Av.
Large pothole in middle  street near Donald Ave. See picture for details. Thanks
Big hole on Balboa West before Clairemont Drive traffic light
Pot hole in center lane near Porsche dealer
Pot hole 2-3 ors very close buy and 1 up street towards direction f 163N. Thanks
Test description
Pothole on  north side   Island and 11th intersection
Deep pothole on entrance ramp to I-5 N at transion from overpass bridge to asphalt. Flat tire.
Ruffin Ct. Just south  Ruffin Rd.  street is really bad as a result  Kaiser's use during construction. I thought y would fix  but  keeps getting worse and  curbs and gutters are in so I Presume y are leaving   way. I drive  daily and  is awful!!! Will  be fixed? Photo is best I could get while a passenger in a vehicle.
alley needs patching- dug out hole in middle  alley
Potholes @ alley  4031 Marlborough. Trip hazard for parents and students walking to and from  local school located in  north end   alley( Our Lady  Sacred Heart Elementary school)
Pothole in  MIDDLE   street was not filled appropriately, and  has opened up again. This is a very deep and uneven pothole. Please repair due to heavy traffic on  residential street.
Street is uneven and some segments   asphalt have sunk in. Please repair street. 's like driving an obstacle course.
Street is uneven and some segments   asphalt have sunk in. Please repair street. 's like driving an obstacle course.
12" wide, 5" deep pothole on  outer lane on Poway road going East.
18" wide. 4" deep pothole in  intersection  Camino Ruiz and Mira Mesa. on Mira Mesa going West.
There are large cracks in  road on Gold Coast Dr, between Westonhill Dr and San Ramon Dr.
2  Depression in asphalt street-1880 Harbor Island Dr,  is as due to  cy water main in  street *Note Safety IssueHaving trouble uploading photos . Location: 1 is just before Marina Cortez driveway at 1880 Harbor Island Dr,near light pole HI-23 and  2nd depression is near  light pole HI-27 about 100 yards north. NOTE: The water main near HI-27 is also leaking. Issue: Depression in street asphalt 64" x 48" x 1 1/2"
Pot holes along Escala Dr
Pot hole along Escala Dr
pot hole number two lane on bridge.
asphalt hole - SE end  Voltaire Street/just NE  Chatsworth
three wide potholes
Pothole
Pothole
We have a huge pothole in front  our house, where  street and sidewalk meet. I have called before to report  problem. And nothing has been done. My last resort will be to cover  holes wh cement. I've injured myself once already while exing my car, My youngest has tripped on  holes as well. Please have someone come out and fix se potholes. Thank you
Pothole
Left lane northbound
Very rough portion  road that causes vehicles to stay far right or left in lane to avoid holes.
Very rough surface wh potholes on  94 East to 15 North ramp.
Potholes and uneven surface near lim line for stop sign.  Stop and lim line need repainting as well.
Pothole developing in  middle   road on Afton Rd getting close to Pinecrest Ave
Pothole
On Suothbound Scripps Ranch Blvd in  left hand lane near Affiny Court, re is an "upheaval" that is que high and potentially damaging to vehicle wheels.  This segment  SR Blvd really needs to be repaved (please! -- 's practially war torn in condion) between Affiny and Mira Mesa Blvd, but  upheaval is real problem right after  smooth portion  SR Blvd.  tached photos are from last year, and  road is only worse -- not a single path, smoothing or repair.
Potholes on C street from 28th street to 30th in 92102
Potholes on C street from 28th to 30th streets need entire C street replaced as  is highly trafficked by  number 2 bus
Potholes at crosswalk at 29th St. And C St.
Pothole at 2911 C street, 92102
Pothole at 2921 C street, 92102
Pothole at 2950 C St. 92102
Potholes on north side  C St. close to 30th St. 92102
Potholes and fading crosswalk at 30th and C St. 92102
Asphalt caving in at 100 to 30th St. creating pothole 92102
Asphalt not covering concrete edge to edge creating uneven surface and dip that causes damage every time you go over  two-sided pothole 3005 Broadway 9102
Potholes at 3029 Broadway 92102 continuing east until F St.
Potholes on south side  Broadway in front  3045 Broadway 92102
Pothole going north to south on Broadway in front  3051 Broadway 92102
Potholes at 3071 Broadway and asphalt worn away revealing concrete underneath
Potholes running east to west on south side  Broadway 92102 near  94 freeway on and f ramps
Potholes at south side  Broadway near 94 west on Route 9102
Potholes on south side  Broadway in  lane that leads to  94 east on ramp from 31st St. heading east to 32nd St. 92102
Recently, SDG& E trenched down  middle  Coronado Avenue in front  2626 Coronado Avenue.  They installed a new rectangular grate right in  eastbound lanes, just east   trolley line (see attached photo).  This grate is out  adjustment, and makes a horrendous bang noise every time a car goes over .  Please have  repaired so  adjacent residents can sleep at night.  Thanks!
There are numerous potholes in  areas:-Stanley Ave-Seminole Drive- Acorn St
The parking lot at  Tierrasanta Branch Library is full  potholes and is very dangerous to walk in, especially for  elderly.   Can someone please make  safe to negotiate?  's been  way for years and only gets worse.  An elderly woman fell last night and was taken to  hospal
Intersection  La Jolla Village Drive and La Jolla Scenic Drive. H  when turning right from LJ scenic to eastbound LJ Village Drive. Almost crashed my scooter.
I was at  Tierrasanta library last night and a woman fell in  parking lot and had to be taken to  hospal.  The parking lot re has been bad for a very long time.  There are several potholes and lots  bs  loose asphalt.   is definely a safety hazard, especially for a neighborhood wh a large number  elderly people.
Pothole located in front  11334 Florindo Rd.
Prominent pothole on northbound lane in front  address. Thanks for patching.
Potholes
There are numerous potholes in  Cy Library parking lot. Last night an elderly woman fell in  parking lot on her way to her car and had to be taken to a hospal by an ambulance.
Water company came by for repair and hole is sinking. Damage to all vehicles driving thru
Large pot hole enlarging now sink hole forming , at  entrance to  communy. Please refer status to Charlie Hannem  858-592-27405
Pothole
POHOLES
Street failure in area  street before transion to bike lane, just north  Upas Street on northbound Park Boulevard. Can cause tire failure on bicycles resulting in flat tires or crashes.
Large pothole on Monument Road bisecting road, just past  water facily and before  ranger station.
Sunken manhole cover heading north on Euclid Avenue (cross street Solol Ave). The manhole cover is located on  right lane,  is a driving hazard. Also, same intersection, heading south on  left lane  re is a sunken SDG&E valve.
Many potholes on 35th between Monroe and Madison. I fell on my bike recently due to  poor roadway condions.
Unable to drive thru alley
Uncovered pipeline creating pothole
There is a very large pothole in  bike lane. I was riding at ~5:30pm to a meeting and didn't see .  immediately popped my tire. I was able to control my bike and did not fall but  is a large pothole that should be fixed.
As coming down Hawthorn St, at  Pacific Highway intersection, re is a big pot hole/dch.  Far right lane in particular, when heading downhill towards  water.  THis has been a problem ever since  construction on  property at Hawthorn and Pacific Highwa (now a hotel).
Several potholes at intersection
There is a large deep pothole on  entrance to  5/52 on ramps at La Jolla village drive
Lots  potholes on  street section
Entire street from Glen Vista St to  Cul-De-Sac  Glen Vista Ct is in bad condion. There are numerous cracks, vegetation growing in  asphalt, and uneven surfaces. Please resurface  street  Glen Vista Ct.Reference: SN 15-785767
huge pothole needs repair from recent repair attempt.   is on  northbound side on dennery road in  #1 lane.   is near  main entrance to Casoleil Apartments.
2' x 3' pothole, 1" deep.  Worsens as we get rain.
The entire length  Mission Blvd from Turquoise St. to Garnet Ave is a disaster area, especially going South
Balboa Ave from Clairemont Dr. to Garnet has been worked on for a while but  metal grates have been left re for weeks wh no signs   road being permanently repaired.Is re an estimate for when  work will be done? I need a wheel alignment because   bad road and don't want to get  done until Balboa Ave is repaired
Pothole
Many potholes on westbound Nobel Dr in  area
Huge 2 ft wide pothole...Please pave  entire road. 's horrible!
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
POTHOLES BETWEEN 3750 AND 3785 CROWN POINT DR.
POTHOLE
Issue is not a pothole.  is an asphalt berm covering what seems to be a pipe running across Ingulf Street where re is some type  construction going on. The covered pipe is 3 times  size  a speed bump. There is no signage warning drivers.  is black which makes  impossible to see until you go over  at 30 miles an hour. 's shoddy work whoever  contractor is. If re is signage, 's not placed where  is visible by traffic turning right from Chicago Street. 's  same coming from Morena Blvd onto Ingulf. No warning.  must be a shock for drivers going over  at night.
Numerous ugly and deep pot holes on Chateau Drive between Paola Way and Camber in 92117.
Multiple potholes under interstate 5 on Washington St
The entire street needs to be re- done.  's falling apart.  Desperately needs to be repaved.  Please come out and evaluate !!!
Road is very bumpy and potholed!
TempirRy repair  sinkhole not fixed wh concrete. Since last yeAr rain.  When is  going to be fixed
Tell repair  sinkhole from lAst year not fixed wh con crete
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Road is very bumpy.   is like  asphalt melted and did not flatten out!
Two (2) potholes on southwest side  Santo Rd and Fino intersection, 92124Thank you!
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A LARGE POTHOLE IN THE FAR RIGHT SOUTHBOUND LANE OF LINDA VISTA BLVD AFTER THE INTERSECTION.
PER MUTIPLE CUSTOMERS THE POT HOLE SOUTHBOUND ON LINDA VISTA BLVD IN THE FAR RIGHT LANE IS VERY DEEP AND IS AN IMMEDIATE HAZARD
When traveling north on 1st avenue, as you approach A street, re is only 1 turning lane in order to go east on A street, in  turning lane re is a large pothole that's needs to be filled.
Large 36 inch diameter pothole
Pothole
on 900 block  diamond street between cass and baryard all along  center   street potholes due to asphalt over concrete street, se are ruts in  road and really bad for bikesthanks otto
Large pothole
Large pot hole and major street cracks on j street between 25 and 26 street on zip code  92102. In front  addressi 2531 j street, San deign, ca 92102
Potholes in #1 lane going east bound in front  a Caltrans sign for  freeways. Potholes between 2883-2981 La Jolla Parkway.
There is a large pot hole right by  Washington Street 2B ex headed towards downtown. The pothole is dangerous and really damaged my car and front right wheel and tire.
Potholes on  College Ave (South) Ex lanes (as your are exing  freeway). I tried to use  CalTrans webse and 's down. Can you please refer to CalTrans?
Asphalt on  whole street is very torn up.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Bad potholes at  intersection between Carmel Mountain Road and Entreken Way in Rancho Penasquos area (92129).
Huge pothole on southbound 163 before Universy and Washington street exs.
Pothole on road in  left lane.
Potholes on Kendal street.
In  second to  left lane on hwy 163 just where  Washington street ex is re is a large pothole that has formed.  I wasn't able to avoid  and my car h hard.  I couldn't take pictures due to driving highway speed at  time  impact.
There are 13  se big potholes in one block  locust street between Newell & Macaulay street. Each day y get worse as  block is used as a cut thru when traffic backs up on main highway. Please help us, thanks.
Massive potholes on locust street between Macaulay & Newell streets.There are 12 more potholes in same block!
13 potholes on locust street between Macaulay & Newell 92106 Point Loma. Appreciate help, y get worse everyday!
driving downtown at 6:50 a.m. hugh pothole,  on  163 N between  5 Freeway and  Ash Street ex, in  road in which I ran over causing damage to my left front tire.
2" deep pothole ~24"x 9"
2+" deep pothole ~2'x1'
~15'  potholes along curb line
2" deep pothole ~2'x1'
3" deep pothole middle  street, ~2.5'x2'
The long rut running down Orozco Road is becoming hazardous. I h   or night while riding my motorcycle and almost lost control. This rut is over 6 inches deep in spots. I know  street is scheduled for repairs but  rut needs to be filled in asap.
hi - re is a huge pothole in  street on 58 th and spartan.  is almost a speed dip whout signs as  stretches from 1 side   street to  or.  issue is that cars bottom out here all  time and  noise is excruciating. 1 trailor has bottomed out re and crashed into my trees and ruined my bushes.  is a high traffic street and  problem needs to be addressed ASAP.
The work done on  corner  Cardinal and Mocking Bird a few weeks ago was done poorly. The contractors need to come back and patch  road  way  should be done, y have left  patches below grade and if we ever get lucky enough to see rain we'll end up wh huge potholes.
We have 3 potholes at various points   driveway that leads to our parking lot. We were not sure if we can fix  ourselves or if we needed to request a service.
Huge amount  asphalt crumbling/ missing in multiple spots down  block  40th st
pothole on Cuca St between Penasquos Rd & Gerana St
Street is a mess
Pot hole in front  5503 and 5506 Conrad Ave, San Diego, Ca. 92117
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE N BOUND ON EUCLID, 100FT PRIOR TO THE INTERSECTION OF HILLTOP DR.
There is a very large pothole on Poway Rd east bound just before  intersection wh Scripps Poway Pkwy.
Pothole

pesky pothole
LARGE POTHOLES SOUTHBOUND 5000 GENESEE AV
POTHOLES TRAVELING SOUTH ON GENESEE AV
Please repair BUMPS and a pothole going South on Fairmount Ave before  traffic signals (at  freeway ex). Several requests have been made and y are getting ignored. Even Google Maps Street View has a picture   problem. Please repair . Thank you
Please repair BUMPS on  LEFT LANE going North on Fairmount Ave before  traffic signals (at  freeway ex). There are also potholes in  segment   street. Several requests have been made and y are getting ignored. Even Google Maps Street View has a picture   problem. Please repair . Thank you
West bound #1 lane just east  Richland St
Pothole in  northbound #1 lane at 1832 West Washington St.
Potholes in  northbound #1 and #2 lanes in  4477-4599 block  Pacific Highway.
Potholes along  gutter in  westbound #2 lane in  3500 block  Midway Dr.
Potholes in  westbound #2 lane in  500-799 block  Washington St.
Potholes near  gutter in  northbound #2 lane at 5805 Mission Gorge Rd
Pothole just south   concrete bridge deck over  San Diego River in  northbound lane in  400 block  Morena Blvd.
A huge pothole on Morena heading south east right after  traffic light  More a and Avati dr.



LARGE POTHOLE, N/B RANCHO PENAQUITOS
Pothole in left lane
Large pothole westbound on Genesee, in #1 lane, between Hwy 163 and Linda Vista Road
Pothole in alley between Hartford St and Galveston St
Chateau Drive between Mount Abernathy and Genesee Ave. is one pothole after anor, and has been  way for months. 's ruining our tires!
Cannington Drive between Balboa & Chandler is full  potholes.  You can't drive around m and stay in your driving lane.    needs to be completely filled in, not just an application  slurry.
Pothole infront  house that causes our house to rumble when heavy trucks pass on top   hole. Pothole was created after  cy came to fix a water pipe
There are potholes throughout  stretch  road that are going to cause an accident because  cars swerving to miss m.
Potholes everywhere on  street I ride a scooter and h one  se potholes and blew out my tire good thing I didn't crash.
I posted about a pothole on Taos Dr. And Kamloop that caused a woman to fall as she was crossing  street. Although  pothole was fixed, re are or potholes just a few feet from  original one. Why weren't those pothole on  same pathway fixed?
Paved alley could use asphalt patch for pothole
Huge pothole in  middle   road on  intersection  46th Street and Myrtle Avenue.  Please have  repair as soon as possible.  This pothole has been around for over a year.
Pot hole in  center   South bound lane  32nd Street
Deep, deep rut in road from construction.
Numerous deep potholes
Numbers is deep potholes on WB Washington bridge
Pothole at intersection  Bernardo Oaks and Rancho Bernardo Rd, eastbound lane. Has been growing larger quickly
Sink hole forming
To whom  may concern,On Sunday December 18th at approximately 9pm I was traveling down interstate 163S when I encountered  largest pot hole I have ever seen.  was near  6th Ave ex in  #2 lane I believe. Being that  was que dark and re is poor lighting on  highway I didn't see  pot hole until I had already gone over . By n  was too late. My tire instantly deflated and I proceeded to ex f Washington Ave West  to access  damage. That pot hole caused severe damage to my rims on  driver side  my car. My front left tire popped and my rim became mangled and bent.  also bent my left rear rim which may case issues down  line wh being able to retain air.  Due to  location   pothole on  interstate and re being no "real" shoulder to pull over I had to proceed to ex f  nearest ex.  I have contacted my tire shop and was told I will have to repair both rims and replace my front left tire which was deflated.   Wh  cost  car repairs and  pending holidays I am unable to get a new tire or rim repairs until  new year forcing me to drive on my spare until  new year. I implore that you fix that pot hole immediately as I feel  damage to my vehicle and my person could have been much worse. I'm sure you receive emails   sort all  time but as single woman living pay check to paycheck who pays her taxes to have things like  repaired ,se unforeseen issues don't f into my everyday budget. There is no excuse why re is such a large gaping hole on  interstate. Please fix  right away. If you  can help in any way  or need photos I would be happy to provided m.Thank you, Denisha Modkins619-513-9004
Prominent potholes along Myrtle Ave, point on map.  Boll directions, westbound and eastbound have potholes, please assess  street. Thank you. I attached images for reference.
Large pothole, probably large enough to damage someone's tire, on  westbound side (moving toward Hwy 15)  Poway Road  a ltle before  Sabre Springs Pkwy.   's in  right  lane, hard to miss!
Seems to have developed due to  new AT&T manhole cover that was put in.
There is a large and dangerous pothole on N Harbor Dr westbound between Grape and W Laurel as you are passing Solar Turbines toward  airport.   is in  #1 lane and would absolutely take a motorcyclist f  ir bike.
Several potholes on Navajo between Park Ridge and College.
Pothole
Huge potholes at  intersection  Airway Drive and Cactus Road.
Small pothole in front   parking entrance   parking lot for  tractor trailers (Duran Freight Co.). This is on  eastbound side  Siempre Viva Road between Cactus Road and Brannia Blvd.
Southbound Cactus Road in between Airway Road and Siempre Viva Road, re are several potholes.
There is a group  large potholes between 2062 - 2063 Boundary and anor in front  2039 Boundary. You will also see some up  street. Please help us get se fixed.  Thanks
Large pothole.  Please repair.  Thank you. James
This pothole is getting deeper
Pavement undermined as shown below. A sink hole type damage.
There are six potholes, three in  7900 block and three in  8000 block  El Paseo Grande, La Jolla, CA 92037.  Please fix m as soon as possible as  rain is making m worse.
Seminole Dr from Art St to Stanley, multiple potholes and cracks. Needs to be resurfaced, but need potholes patched asap.
Stanley Av from Seminole to 63rd, multiple potholes and cracks. Needs to be resurfaced, but need potholes patched asap.
There are five or six potholes in  Westbound lanes  La Jolla Village Drive west from  intersection  Via La Jolla Drive.  They are in all lanes.  Please send someone to fix m as y stretch over a distance  about 200 yards and traffic weaves m to avoid.
Pot hole left lane going south- huge one!
This pothole is huge. 6 ft x 3 ft x 2 to 3 in deep. Cars must swerve to avoid . Very dangerous.
Southbound Clairemont Dr at 4532 has a large pothole, needs to be filled. s in front  2 story apt. house.
large pothole in #2 east bound lane at intersection wh Mission Bay Drive at corner in front   7-11 store
large pothole adjacent to manhole cover, as traveling toward southwest bound
two large potholes as you turn to travel north bound on Soledad Mountain Road from Garnet Avenue. Potholes are next to  right hand curb as one turns from west bound on Garnet to north bound on Soledad Mountain Road
reported four-five potholes, east bound.  all were fixed except  last one just before you turn to go south bound on
E/B ON RANCHO BERNARDO RD , HUGE POTHOLE, CLOSE TO INTERSECTION
On 12/20/16, I ran over  pot hole on my way back home.  is so dark in that curve that I did not see  pot hole and  gave me a flat tire.  would be unfortunate that  happen to someone else.
Pothole on Morena Blvd Southbound right before  Garnet Ave ex.  Caused major damage to my tire, rim and suspension.
Potholes in  southbound lanes in  8450-8598 block  Camino Santa Fe.
Deep pothole on point on map. Northbound lane  37th St closest to Orange Ave intersection Thank you in advance.
Extremely large and deep pothole on  left side   left lane while traveling South bound. The pothole is unavoidable when re is traffic in both lanes as re is not space to swerve to avoid  pothole safely. I will return tomorrow to  location to take photographs to file an addional claim but I wanted to raise attention to  issue as  is  urgent importance to be repaired before someone is crically injured.
Several potholes
In  number two eastbound lane  Coronado Ave where  meets  overpass connection  asphalt. Large hole in  road re exists. Thank you
Huge pothole on North bound harbor Dr just after  traffic light
There are several really big potholes on  stretch  road on Seminole Dr. between Art St and around  corner on Stanley Ave.
Very large pothole in  allyway behind Starbucks.
There is a sink hole building on Lea St. Close to  ally.  is in  west bound lane outside 5450 Lea St.
Large pothole on Ashford Street in front  3661 Ashford Street. San Diego, CA 92111.  This looks like a previously repaired pothole that has become disrepaired due to  rain.  The hole  time seems larger than  previous hole that was repaired and might cause damage to tires and/or rims if not repaired.
Pothole in right lane  road near traffic light.
Pothole
The street (alley) behind  apartment building has several potholes and cracks including  block on Monroe (between Utah and Idaho).  The street/alley is getting worse as cars and trucks drive in  alley.  need to be paved NOT only cover  potholes.   Thank you!
Two deep holes, corner  Merrimac Ave and Conrad Ave.
3ft Pothole on west bound Navajo road between Jackson and waring.
Improperly marked pipe, running across Ingulf St. Abrupt rise and fall in road surface that damages vehicles, and causes m to leave  pavement, potentially skidding into oncoming lanes. Needs to be properly marked wh visible paint, and if possible made more gradual such that vehicles can pass over  whout damage. Causes front bumper damage to my vehicle, road is impassible.
There is a huge pothole
Pot hole at  end   street /
pothole in st
Large pothole between  number one and number two westbound lanes.  Very hazardous
There is a pot filled wh water on  1st and A Street under  Evans Jones Park Ramp Bridge, and  DSD Bridge overpass.  If you go up 1st and Broadway or turn Left from B Street you will see a sign that says continue on A Street, and a right arrow. When cars pass by  pedestrian walk will get wet from  water in  Pot hole.
Potholes at  entrance to Gage Dr. from Talbot. up against  concrete skirtingSinking caved in pavement near a utily cap in center   road heading up Gage Dr from Talbot.  500ft or so from Talbot.

POTHOLE CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE E/B
Middle   road
Large pothole in right lane on Northbound Convoy just north  Ollo Ave.  Numerous or smaller potholes in right lane on northbound Convoy between Ollo and Armour
Large Pot Hole
Pothole in  crosswalk area as you cross Magnolia.
2 potholes in right lane 10 feet approximately,  before reaching Mission Bay Drive.
Potholes
Potholes
Going NE on Genesee pothole is in right lane right before you reach Balboa Way
Pothole in middle lane. Big enough to damage my tire and cause a flat. Seems to be from road work and a steel plate wasn't put over .
Huge new pothole from current rains.
Deep pothole approximately 8 inches deep on westbound lane / north side  C street.
S/W/C   GROWING  POTHOLE
Several potholes  length   street especially toward  ends - west and east   entered location.
Multiple potholes along Grandee Rd. near Grandee Place. There are also several deep cracks along  road that need to be patched or filled.
HUGE POTHOLE IN THE INTERSECTION AT SORRENTO VALLEY ROAD AND SORRENTO VALLEY BLVD IS CAUSING DRIVERS TO SWERVE AROUND THE HUGE POTHOLE. BY SWERVING THEY'RE PUTTING THEMSELVES AND OTHER DRIVERS IN DANGER OF HITTING OTHER VEHICLES OR THE MIDDLE OF THE TRAIN CROSS GUARD STRUCTURE,DO I REALLY NEED TO PUT MY LIFE IN DANGER TO GET OUT OF MY CAR TO TAKE A PICTURE? I HOPE NOBODY LOSES THEIR LIFE OR A TIRE OVER THIS POTHOLE.
Asphalt pothole - Southbound lane  Haines - immediately South  Grand
numerous potholes on north and south lanes on Greyling Dr between Pinecrest Ave and Polland Ave
Numerous potholes on North and South lanes  Greyling Dr between Polland and Raejean Ave
Potholes on east and west lanes  Raejean Ave between Greyling Dr and Murray Ridge Rd
Very large pothole
Several pot holes and alligator cracking surface starting at Paradise street to Winnett street.
BAD POTHOLE LEFT LANE (ON GENESEE BEFORE RICHLAND)
Due to  storm  12/22/2016, re are a few potholes on Afton Rd oppose  Social Secury Office in both directions. Please repair m
Due to  Storm  12/22/2016 re is a LARGE pothole going EASTBOUND on Aero Dr. Please repair .  is big. Thank  you.
Due to  Storm  12/22/2016 re are several potholes going EASTBOUND on Montezuma Rd in both lanes. From Fairmount Ave all  way to Collwood Blvd. Please repair m thank you
Due to  recent storm  12/22/2016, new pothole going southbound on Fairmount Ave in  Left Lane. Between  freeway underpass and  traffic signals.
potholes by richland st
Several potholes/cracked pieces  street in front  driveway on Udall Street in front  Harbor Villas condo.
Aldine Drive has numerous potholes to fill, but I am reporting a gully along  south side  Aldine Drive at  east end that I have reported twice prior to no avail.  There were five traffic cones surrounding  area, but two are now up  hill by our home where  is obvious y were run over repeatedly.  The ors are in  "gully" next to  road where y were supposed to warn unsuspecting drivers.  Please someone tend to  unfinished project that has been sting for months!  Pothole filling will also be appreciated by one and all.
POTHOLE ALREADY DAMAGED 3 VEHICLES
A collapsar damage my tires
North bound middle lanes
Two giant potholes on  north bound road.
Sunken area/pothole next to  dip in  road at 31st and Juniper.
Multiple potholes on middle north bound lane between hawthorn and laurel street.
Very bad deep pot hole , rim damaged and almost caused accident.
Multiple large potholes in  new construction area  left turn lane
Pothole at intersection  universy and 30
Eastbound La Jolla Village Dr. between Genesee and Executive, right BEFORE  walkway bridge overpass.  Left lane.  There is a very deep hole which resulted from an earlier repair.   is damaging cars and is urgent.  Thank you.
Big pothole actually four all along area
Pothole westbound
Large Pothole in  left southbound lane.  is very wide and deep and due to  lack  lighting on Morena Blvd,  is almost impossible to see  pothole at night time. Please fix  pothole before  causes an accident.

large pothole southbound center lane between 4010 and  cy general services yard. some smaller ones as well.
pothole in front  house.
Deep potholes
potholes in street.
Large pothole
Pothole has developed right in front   driveway at 15115 Andorra Way on  northbound side.
Potholes all along Clairemont dr from Burgner st to Mission Bay dr.

asphalt pothole  where  on ramp to   Nimz Blvd begins   from  Famosa Blvd
concrete  42 chuckholes   - North half   3900  block   Jewell  - Southbound lane
humongeous deep Asphalt pothole immediately South  Colima- southbound lane  La Jolla Blvd
new giant asphalt pothole - Eastbound Balboa immediately past W. Mission Bay south lane
Right lane  North harbor drive heading to Terminal 2 just past  turn f for terminal 1. Major hole
The entire parking lot   Tierrasanta branch   SD Public Library is a hazard to cars and pedestrians and has been for years.   just keeps getting worse.  Repeated requests for repair in recent years have been ignored.  Recently an elderly lady library patron fell on  breaking a hip and a clavicle.
Pothole is in  left-hand turn lane on Stoney Creek Rd, at s intersection wh Carmel Mountain Road.
Pothole.
Potholes.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes.
Giant bump in pavement.
Pothole on southbound side  Ulric Street
Pothole on westbound side  Genesee Ave . . . . . . . . .  next to  left turn for Richland St
Several potholes in EB lane  Clairemont Dr
Pothole forming in EB lane
Potholes in eastbound lane
Pothole

Pothole here
Number 1 lane eastbound left side   lane
Eastbound number 1 lane left side   lane
Westbound number 1 lane left side  lane
Please repair pot hole in  street near  corner  Tommy Dr. and Bisby Lake -- between 8501 and 8502.   seems to be getting larger and larger.Thanks!!
Pothole
Eastbound number 2 lane
POTHOLES UNDER THE i-8 ON COLLEGE AV AT ALVARADO RD
Pothole on sunset cliffs in front  ocean beach library




3 potholes at  corner  Via Daroca and Paseo Cardiel
Potholes go down 2-3 blocks in each direction from  address location on Main Street.
2 large pot holes  size  a man hole covers in  west bound Navajo road approaching margerum ave.
pot hole before left turn lane
Large pothole at  intersection  Rancho Bernardo Rd and Bernardo Oaks Drive.
H pothole, above location, broke left rear tire sidewall. Changed at arco station, drove to firestone. Replacement tire $283.24.
CUSTOMER STATES THERE IS A SINKHOLE ON THE SIDEWALK AT THE ADRESS. CUSTOMER FEELS IT IS A HAZARD AND DEEPENING.
PER CUSTOMER VERY DANGEROUS POTHOLE ON WESTBOUND PARADISE VALLEY RD, AFTER DEP DELL RD INTERSECTION, LEFT LANE.
Second lane from right before 5n on ramp.
A pothole on Kearny Mesa Road in or near  two left turn lanes onto Convoy Street (southbound)
8 feet x 1 1/2 feet pothole in center  road
The pavement at  section  35th st between Monroe Ave and Madison Ave is in poor condion, just so you know.  Potholes here and re, very bumpy, and  lane lines are gone I think.
Very Large pothole in left lane. Approx 50 ft from Mercury St intersection. Check 100 ft radius for or potholes in area. Repair before y become larger after  storm.
Large pothole WB CMB left lane. Check surrounding area for or potholes after storm
Potholes and damaged roadway
More than 25 potholes in both directions in front  Target.  50th repair request at  location.
Two potholes at  intersection Lytton And Rosecrans. See photo
Many potholes along Seaworld Drive to Sunset Cliffs.
Pothole in SB lane plus several or spots at intersection where potholes are forming
North bound and South bound lanes  Santo Rd near Serra High school. Between TierraSanta Blvd and Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Pothole in WB lanes
Pothole in EB lane
Pothole
Pothole
Large pothole
LARGE POTHOLE 3' X 3' X 6" DEEP. HAZARD
This is a significantly large pothole in front   Ocean Beach Library.   is approximately 5 feet long, 2 feet wide and 4 inches deep.  This is a highly traveled thoroughfare!
There are several large potholes, at  intersection. South bound Santo Road, at  Porto intersection.
Pothole southbound lane  Sunset Cliffs
Numerous potholes, underlying concrete visible
Numerous potholes
Pothole
Per consumer:  Sinkhole in intersection. Hazardous
Pothole
Pothole
Dwight near Grim is becoming now long pothole.
The BIG "Dip/pothole" on  LEFT lane at top  that road needs to be better patched! 's located between' Alascia Street' and before 'Doriana Street' on Woodsman Street  in Paradise Hills area. Drivers/myself have to swerve around  pothole everyday. Please patch  up ASAP. 's like a BIG DIP pothole! thank you
Number 3 lane westbound
Number 1 lane eastbound
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE ON NAVAJO TOWARD COLLEGE.
~25' cracked/potholed asphalt
2" deep pothole in middle  street, ~18"x4"
This area  Estelle street has become hazardous lately wh large chunks  roadway appearing on  street from enlarged potholes which seem to be caused by failure   sub-surface and/or erosion.  Small children continue to ride bicycles along wh college students (due to  proximy  SDSU) creating a safety issue for both vehicles, bicyclists and pedestrians (as re is no sidewalk) on  portion  Estelle street intersecting wh College Ave.  Thank You.
 I-5 North ex to 52 East ramp
Huge pothole about  size  a basketball on  left turn lane into Parkwood Dr.
PER CUSTOMER. THERE IS A REPORTED 46" POTHOLE THAT HAS REPORTEDLY CAUSED THE CUSTOMER TO HAVE A FLAT TIRE. HAZARDOUS POTHOLE.
46"long x8"wide & about 3"deep.  Leaving target after xmas shopping to go around a LOW LIGHT area & was upon  massive pothole which n blew  tire to lose s air seal from  jarring strike. I n pulled over to  76 food mart gas station to report to my roadside assistance as well as caked station#38 & spoke wh Broderick about  incident & location.  I drove an infini G35 coupe wh low prile tires wh  WHEEL  my car also may have been compromised.  I am now riding on  factory spare tire, & would like to address  sooner n later.
Large pothole
Large pothole in  right lane
Ramp from southbound 163 to Universy just under that pedestrian bridge is a pothole that's going to throw a motorcyclist not to mention busting a car tire rim.
Twin potholes
Pothole starting right after  STOP makings on  street.
Pothole at  full stop making end   street.
Street has a few potholes that are small but several along  street. Please patch m thank you
Pothole starting on Adams Ave near Soria Dr. Please repair. Thank you
Please repair pothole and street warping or buckling right before  drop. Section   street needs to be fixed. Thank you
Please repair poor condion   street wh potholes. A few  m near  24 Hour Fness gym or Trolley station
Large pothole going eastbound on Aero Dr on  Right lane.  is deep please repair thank you
A few potholes on Afton Rd south  Aero Dr right oppose  Social Secury Office. Please repair thank you
Multiple new potholes on both sides
Pothole on  southbound side  Mission Bay Dr in  intersection immediately to  north   Interstate 5 southbound onramp.
southbound lane, large hole
Multiple potholes in both directions on Genesee Avenue between N. Judson Street and Linda Vista Rd.
BAD POTHOLE W/B BEFORE COLLEGE
Multiple large potholes in both directions on Genesee Avenue between Richland St. and Freeway 163 bridge.
Pothole on southbound Ulric St., south  David Street.
Pothole in  left lane on southbound 6th Avenue under  pedestrian bridge.





Numerous potholes in  intersection











Small Potholes starting on  intersection  59th ST and Adams Ave (south  Adams Ave). Please repair. Entire street actually needs to be repaired.
LARGE POTHOLE IN MIDDLE OF INTERSECTION
Pothole on Aldine
Pothole cfee house up intersection
Large pothole on street by Two Men Will Move You
pothole southbound on Kearny Villa Road in left turn lane to Miramar Road east.
Deep pot hole, damage my tire. On palm ave just east   piccard intersection in  west bound turning lane.
SB lane under overpass, big sharp pothole
NB lanes before Montezuma, deep holes
east bound on W. Point Loma Blvd., right lane full  big potholes that need patching.

TWO LARGE POTHOLES WESTBOUND ON NAVAJO. CAUSED FLAT TIRE
LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF ADDRESS.
Large pot hole in left lane, east bound just west  163.
POT HOLES FROM RAIN ON LA JOLLA PKY EAST OF SCENIC
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MUTIPLE POTHOLES ON MIRA MESA BLVD
Large pothole Paradise Valley Road around  7443block  westbound side Lane one left hand side
BIG 2-3' wide pothole after  rains
large pothole between deepdale and briarwood on paradise valley rd
Large pothole in turn pocket heading onto southbound I-805.
Very large pothole in alley behind home.
Pothole is in westbound lane about 30 feet before stop sign
Northbound lane
 sewer manhole. Thanks!
several potholes in  street
Pothole
Pothole
POT HOLE IN SB LANE
POT HOLE IN NB LANE
Curb gone and pothole in parking space (third parking space north  Torrey Pines State Park)
Bad pothole' possible damage to car suspension. Driving west in right lane.
TWO POTHOLES IN RIGHT HAND LANE ON GRAND RIGHT BEFORE BALBOA
POTHOLES
large pothole westbound palm av
SDGE gas main is sinking making a pothole. corner  Braddock Pl//Braddock ST
large pothole infront   4070  54th st
Large pothole in middle  street.  Growing daily.
POTHOLE 2' X 2' SOUTH BOUND ON SUNSET CLIFFS BL.
Large pothole in center if street getting deeper everyday
many big potholes here. please fix.
Pothole in  eastbound #1 lane at 131 Washington St.
Potholes in  westbound #2 lane between 2300 and 2740 Midway Dr.
Pothole in  westbound #2 lane in  3000 block  Midway Dr.
southbound on Ulric St., before crossing Fashion Hills Blvd, big potholes need patching.
Potholes in  eastbound #3 lane between 3171 and 3445 Sports Arena Blvd.
Potholes in  center   intersection  Rosecrans St and Sports Arena Blvd.
Potholes in  north side   intersection  Kurtz St and Camino Del Rio W.
southbound left-turn lane on Nimz Blvd. where  crosses W. Point Loma Blvd. many big potholes need patching.
Huge pot hole
Potholes in  northbound lanes in 3500 block  Pacific Highway and Pacific Highway Frontage Rd.
Potholes in  left turn lane from southbound Nimz Blvd to eastbound W Point Loma Blvd.
Potholes in both directions in  2600-2899 blocks  Grand Ave.
Pothole in  westbound #2 lane in  1900 block  Grand Ave.
Potholes in  northbound lane in  4700-4749 block  Ingraham St.
Giant potholes on Paradise Valley Road between Briarwood and Deep Dell Rd.
Multiple potholes on Seminole drive between Art and Stanley. Some are about a foot across. please don't pretend you've fixed m  time, eir. Have made report in past and cy claimed street was repaired.
Potholes going north after  SDSU parking structure. Pass Alvarado road entrance.
Corner  Clairemont Mesa Blvd wh Ruffin Rd has potholes and is in terrible condion please repair
Per consumer:  5 Potholes, westbound Poway Rd, #2 lane near Springboork Dr intersection
The entire stretch  road from  163 to balboa on genesee avenue has several 2-3ft wide and 4 inch deep potholes.  I've replaced two tires on my girlfriends vehicle due to sidewall blowouts from se potholes.  I wouldn't doubt that one  se could take down a motorcycle.   A small section  road was completely replaced here several months ago, but y failed to do  bad part.  Who knows why.  Please fill  holes.
RUPTURED TIRE
pothole in street.
Two very large potholes in  middle  a major street.
Several large pot holes in  street on Myrtle Ave.
Pothole in center  southbound lane on Ohio
pothole by construction entrance.
Pothole
Pothole behind O'Reilly Auto PartsVery hazardous in PB area frequented by bicyclists, skateboarders and pedestrians.
Multiple potholes on alley street
2 deep potholes in lane 1 near center divide
Per consumer:  Large potholes e/b Genesee near Linda Vista Rd.
Please repair pothole located on North Harbor Drive leading into Terminal 2 at Airport Terminal Rd.
POTHOLE ON NORTH HARBOR BEFORE TERMINAL 2
1' pothole in bike lane
This pothole needs to be filled.  comes unfilled every 9 months or so.
Pothole on badly damaged street
Two potholes on  downhill side near  stop sign.
On side going toward Avenida de Los Lobos, looking toward Bernardo Center
The entire street from Mt. Abernathy to Derrick is a giant pothole. We were told that  street would be resurfaced by January 2017. There have been potholes filled in and a pothole right next to a patched area just left open. Please patch  holes by my house.Thank you.Happy New Year!
pothole at busline - buses making  worse and having  tar come up.
Big pothole on Dairymart road where you cross Camino De la Plaza
Corner  Afton Rd wh Aero Dr. Please repair
Right lane going eastbound on Aero Dr
Going eastbound on Aero Dr
Left lane going westbound on Aero Dr. Pothole on  street
Potholes oppose  elementary school. Please repair m
Potholes oppose  elementary school. Please repair m
Unused RR crossing at foot  Eastbound W Washington Street, under freeway needs attention.
Few pot holes on genesee ave (between i-163 and linda vista road) on both sides  genesee ave.
Potential sink hole in middle  Street next to rain gutter
LARGE POTHOLE GOING DOWN HILL BY THE OPEN WALL AND SET OF TREES.
Pot hole
Multiple potholes on  road
LOTS OF LARGE POTHOLES IN INTERSECTION. ABOUT 30 OF THEM
Large pothole at  light on  north west corner
TWO LARGE POTHOLES
ANOTHER REQUEST. Potholes on Montezuma Rd going eastbound due to  recent December storms. PLEASE REPAIR before y get worse.
Pothole near intersection
Large pothole going downhill on Ulric Street. Close to center lines
Large pothole in left lane going West on Genesse towards Linda Vista Road. Need to slow down, or swerve out   lane to miss 
Damaged road, so 's rough exing Friar's west towards  merge. This is a popular ex, and likely needs to be repaired completely.
There are about  10 potholes starting at address listed (2930 Barnard st) and going towards Bob St.  Any assistance in repairing se would be appreciated.
Deep potholes in  area.
POTHOLE DAMAGING VEHICLES
Numerous potholes caused damage to  alignment  my car.  Located just before IMS Recycling.
There is a large (approx. 1.5' in diameter) pothole in  right lane.
Large pothole that resulted in a flat tire!!!  's on Kearny Mesa Road, between Target and Carl's Jr, Southbound.  Please FIX!!!
two   holes in middle  street
There is a large pothole in  turn lane to Richland St on East bound Genesee Ave re is also a large pothole on West bound Genesee prior to  163 overpass.
Many potholes need to be filled on Poway Rd btw Springhurst Dr and Sabre Springs Pkwy on  North lane.
N/B RIGHT LN- BAD POTHOLE
POTHOLE S/B RIGHT LN
POTHOLE RIGHT LN (S/B)
Pothole near intersection  Date & Granada, particularly when heading west on Date.
Pothole is at  corner  19 th. & B. st. Pothole is around manhole cover at Handicap ramp approach. Very dangerous and big liabily to cy if some get hurt re.
Huge pothole that is very dangerous at  right turn on Garnet Ave, cross street is MIssion Bay Drive.  Please fix ASAP
POTHOLE TIRE DAMAGE
Multiple large potholes and rough road in  left turn lane on SB Nimz (to turn onto West Point Loma)
Large pothole
Large deep pothole in westbound right hand lane  Poway Rd. just before  stop light at Saber Springs parkway (NOT  right turn lane,  #3 straight lane.)
Pothole in Stoney Creek Rd. Left lane at stop light at Carmel Mtn Rd
Giant Pot Hole caused damage to my car
Right at  entrance to  Solazzo apartments.
Very large pothole!
Pot holes in  left hand turn - left hand on to West point Loma Bl
Dangerous pothole
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT PENNAT
Numerous potholes on Chateau Dr.  Potholes exist in lanes for both directions  travel.
POTHOLE BY THE CROSSWALK
Pothole right side  street  in front  car wash caused bike accident.
POTHOLE E/B WEST OF THE 163 FWY
2 Large pot holes at  intersection
THERE ARE HUGE POT HOLES IN THE ROAD RIGHT BEFORE YOU GET TO THE South Bay Water Reclamation Plant AT 2411 Dairy Mart Road.
SW  KEARNY MESA BEFORE CONVOY #1 LANE
Large deep pothole corner  Garnet at Mission Bay Drive, north west corner in front  rental car business #2 lane west bound on Garnet
Large pothole in middle  lane
Pothole at intersection  garnet and mission bay dr


Several large potholes on Pennant way between Regents and Honors.
Morena Blvd southbound. Just south  Avati. Possible damage to wheels / tires due to hting pothole in left lane. Please repair ASAP
CAR BOTTOMING OUT AT THE END OF DRIVEWAY ON STREET SIDE WHERE ASPHALT MEETS DRIVEWAY, DEEP POTHOLE, ALSO HER NEIGHBOR HAS THE SAME PROBLEM
POTHOLE N/B
Very large, deep and jagged pothole at intersection  Bernardo Oaks Dr.
POTHOLES ON NORTH SIDE OF INTERSECTION
POTHOLES ON COLLEGE NORTH & SOUTH OF 8 ON BOTH SIDES
POTHOLE GETTING WORSE
BAD POTHOLE
There are several large potholes located at  souast corner  Palm and Saturn.  The potholes are primarily located in  far right lane and a portion   center lane.  In addion  asphalt is also spl and very uneven.  A great deal  traffic travel  area on a daily basis due to  being a merging lane onto  I-5.
2 big pot holes in West bound center Lane
POTHOLE W/B #2 LANE MIDBLOCK
POTHOLE S/B 3 LANE MIDBLOCK
Very large pothole. Comes up quick at night! No imediate damage to my vehicle but I will be insepecting. Very hard h!!! Even at 25MPH.
Several very large potholes in Cy parking lot for Sunset Cliffs Natural ParkEntire lot is in severe neglect and hazardous to vehicles and pedestrians.
Multiple potholes on  left turn lane from Nimz to West point Loma. Thank you!!
Pothole westbound lane, near bike lane (debris in bike lane)
Hole in  right hand lane immediately after  intersection going eastbound.
Several potholes in both lanes  Genesee in  westbound direction right before  intersection wh Richard St.
Multiple potholes, Southbound onParkdale Ave.  Between Mira Mesa Blvd. & Port Royale
Many potholes in  lefthand lane on Eastbound Genesee between Linda Vista rd and Richland St.
Potholes in street in front  5228 Chateau Dr.
Potholes in street in front  5252 Chateau Dr.
Potholes in street in front  5308 Chateau Dr.
Potholes in street in front  5328 Chateau Dr.
Potholes in street in front  5348 Chateau Dr.
Potholes in street along Chateau Dr in front  4412 Paola Way.
Potholes in street along Chateau Dr in front  4411 Paola Way.
Potholes in street in front  5430 Chateau Dr.
Potholes in street along Chateau Dr next to 5504 Camber Dr.
Potholes in street along Chateau Dr next to 5509 Camber Dr.
Potholes in street in front  5526 Chateau Dr.
Potholes in street in front  5546 Chateau Dr.
Potholes in street in front  5566 Chateau Dr.
Potholes in street in front  5610 Chateau Dr.
Potholes in street in front  5632 Chateau Dr.
Potholes in street in front  5656 Chateau Dr.
Potholes in street in front  5696 Chateau Dr.
Potholes in street in front  5744 Chateau Dr.
Worst pothole I have ever had  misfortune  hting in my life.  Damaged my tire and wheel, and who knows what else.  I'm having my car inspected at  dealership, and filing a claim wh  cy for reimbusement.  If my wife would have h  pothole wh her run-flat tires she would have had major damage and perhaps lost control.
Pothole starting to get huge due to  rain. The location   pothole are heading East before taking interstate 5 to go South or North on  last two right lanes.
The on ramp to interstate 5 from Pacific Beach has several large and deep potholes. Traffic swerves to avoid m. Can't photograph because we are all driving at that point.
Cox Cable subcontractor excavated four (4) locations to provide addional service to Whman Elem School. Backfill has failed..Holes in souast  quad  Appleton at Merrimac and east to first pole s/s Appleton St. This was reported to Councilman Cate's Office before Dec 25th.
Off ramp to Mission Bay Dr, left lane
NB lane oppose hydrant
Extremely large pothole
Big pot hole right at  intersection  c and 33rd.
Various and multiple potholes
Large pothole on east bound lane.  also  road is also loosing  resurfaced area and going to result in a significant number  potholes going forward.
Large unprotected man made (street construction) pothole located on  east bound #1 lane  Ceaser Chavez Prkwy at  corner  National Ave. I discovered  hazard while driving home on 12/28/16 evening.  Not sure if I incurred any vehicle damage but  was no ordinary bump.    The hole is at least 5" deep wh a  sawed edge that can easily sever tires or cause bodily injury as  is in  path  pedestrians crossing  street.
Heading east on Palm, at  very east side   intersection in  middle lane, re is a large, fairly deep pothole.  I've h  wh my vehicle a couple  times, and  really wrenches  car driving through .
A section  Poway Rd (between Creekview Dr and Sabre Spring Parkway), re are 7 potholes, 4 are shallow and small but 3 are really big and deep
Pot hole in left turn lane onto  5 south Bypass.  has been re for years and growing.

Pothole in RIGHT lane  SOUTHBOUND 54th Street, just north   intersection  54th St and Laurel.
Pothole at  intersection  Landis St and Altadena Ave.
Potholes in middle lane  westbound N Harbor Drive, just east   intersection  N Harbor Drive and Laurel.
Pothole is about 2.5 feet wide and 1 foot deep.  VERY DANGEROUS.  Please fix ASAP.  This is a second request since  hasn't been fixed.  Pothole is located at corner  Garnet Ave and MIssion Bay Drive.  Please see red map marker.
Pothole on westbound N Harbor Drive just east  N Harbor Dr and entrance to  cell phone lot.Anor pothole located on westbound N Harbor Dr just east  Liberator Way.
Severe potholes all up and down Hillery Drive.  This entire street is WAY overdue for repaving.   is a major bypass for  heavily congested Mira Mesa Blvd, not to mention a I-15 ramp street, plus Bus Trans Station street.  Please re-pave!  Don't just patch!  This road is patic.
Roselle St in Sorrento Valley is in extremely bad condion and needs to be re-paved Immediately. Please see attached picture.
Several small and two large potholes in  SW bound lane  Navajo Road.  was not safe to take photos   potholes so have attached a map from Google Earth showing  location.
There are many pot holes, some  m over two feet wide on both sides  Clairemont Mesa Blvd between  freeway ex and  first stop light.
Fix  potholes near Frost St near Sharp Memorial Hospal please
CRATER POT HOLES BETWEEN MERCURY AND CONVOY ON THE NUMBER ONE LANE OF CLAIREMONT MESA .
Pothole on southbound 54th Street in  right lane just south  Westover Pl in front  Tina's bar.
Pothole / sunken asphalt on westbound Ogden Street at  intersection  Ogden Street and Knoxie Street.
Street is in desperate need  repaving. Please repave  street and not just fill in a few pot holes.
Pothole on east bound
Pothole
Potholes at  intersection  Vista Sorrento and Sorrento Valley Pkwy
CAUSED VEHICLE DAMAGE
For nearly  entire length   street, potholes lter  street making car travel very unpleasant and riding skateboards or bikes on  street very dangerous.
POTHOLE
Major sinking and bumps from recent water department work
Cul-de-sac street desperately  needs to be resurfaced  cracks in street along wh sunken areas are.getting worse wh each rain storm as well.as y weight and tires  trash trucks. Streets in  area had less damaged  and we're resurfaced  but not  street . Big trip hazar
test
pothole is at  Norast corner  Poway Road and Sabre Springs Parkway.  is in  far right Westbound lane.
Pot hole in middle  right turn lane from Hotel Circle North to Taylor Street. The size  pothole has increase since  rain on December 24, 2016.
Numerous potholes on my street and all down Flanders between Camino Ruiz and Greenford can be found and should be patched. The roads are becoming very bad in Mira Mesa.
POTHOLE RUPTURED TIRE (ON FRIARS W/B BEFORE FRAZEE)
Pothole
Pothole in crosswalk
W/B @ RICHMOND AT THE TURNING LANE, POTHOLE CAUSED DAMAGE TO HER VEHICLE
Large pothole in left lane
Series  medium potholes on Ruffin near Waxie
3 potholes on south side  Pennant Way near 3099 Pennant Way
Several potholes in  road and  side   road is caving in. There were orange cones up alerting drivers but y are now gone. 's a deep drop f on  side   road and needs to be fixed asap.
2 deep potholes in  turn lane, so deep you can see sand. I accidentally drove over  one night and makes a very aggressive sound. Thank you for helping fix !
Huge pothole  that popped my tire.
large pothole at Parkdale Ave & Northrup Place
Big pot holes on Carnoustie at stop sign at Sanyo Ave
Big pot hole on Sanyo Ave Northbound at  light that meets Otay Mesa Road
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Pothole
POTHOLE (CYCLISTS GOT HURT)
There's a big pothole I didn't see and ended up cracking my Mercedes stock rim that has been discontinued so I had to spend 1500 on 4 new rims instead  replacing one. I'm in  navy and I was almost accounted as ua which is an unexcused absence.
There's a big pothole I didn't see and ended up cracking my Mercedes stock rim that has been discontinued so I had to spend 1500 on 4 new rims instead  replacing one. I'm in  navy and I was almost accounted as ua which is an unexcused absence.
Several potholes In East bound lanes
There's a big pothole I didn't see and ended up cracking my Mercedes stock rim that has been discontinued so I had to spend 1500 on 4 new rims instead  replacing one. I'm in  navy and I was almost accounted as ua which is an unexcused absence.
There's a big pothole I didn't see and ended up cracking my Mercedes stock rim that has been discontinued so I had to spend 1500 on 4 new rims instead  replacing one. I'm in  navy and I was almost accounted as ua which is an unexcused absence.
There's a big pothole I didn't see and ended up cracking my Mercedes stock rim that has been discontinued so I had to spend 1500 on 4 new rims instead  replacing one. I'm in  navy and I was almost accounted as ua which is an unexcused absence.
Please repair a LARGE pothole on  street. There are also several  m from Mesa College Dr to Frost St.
LARGE POTHOLE IN THE SOUTHWEST CORNER OF 04TH AV AND CEDAR ST

Pothole at  curve in  road
Potholes at  intersection  Sharron & Trojan
Pothole
Pothole
1foot wide pothole
Pothole in right turn pocket on Mira Mesa Blvd.
Pothole on  Northwest corner  Getting bigger all  time.  Just where we turn right.
Oppose Marsten Middle School.  In right lane next to curb large pothole
  intersection  Poway Rd and Sabre Springs Pkwy, westbound lanes, right lane.  There is a huge pothole right at  stop light.
In alley between Georgia & Florida.
The asphalt is separating in  bike lane in front   police station. If a bike tire gets accidentally gets stuck in  rut serious injury could result.
2 big hole 100 feet south  Grand Ave on Ingraham
many potholes in that area  Ashford st.     3500-3600
There are potholes Westbound on Clairemont Drive just east  Hartford Ave. Also Eastbound just west  Hartford Ave. Also Eastbound at 2950 Clairemont Drive re is on big pothole and two more from that point to Burgener Blvd.
LARGE P/H ON POWAY RD CAUSED TWO VEHICLES DAMAGE
Pothole
Hello, re are potholes that need attention. 1) heading west on Balboa Ave and 2) heading south on Balboa Ave - both 6100 Block. Landmarks: Chevron Gas Station, McDonalds, BA and Chase . . . Thank you.

POTHOLE GETTING DEEPER
Two big potholes
There are numerous pot holes on  stretch  Camino Del Rio N between Mission cy Pkwy and Ward Rd. I travel  road daily for work and feel that  is causing long term damage to my vehicle.
West bound
Middle school side   road
POTHOLE ON PENNANT AT REGENTS
Potholes going EASTBOUND, from Fairmount Ave to Collwood Blvd. In BOTH lanes. This is yet anor request and you keep closing m whout repair. Do you want pictures? 's hard to take m while driving as you cannot park re on  street. Please fix m before y get worse.
2 Big Potholes going EASTBOUND, from Aero Ct all  way to Afton Rd. In BOTH lanes, especially in  RIGHT lane. This is yet anor request and you keep closing m whout repair. Do you want pictures? 's hard to take m while driving as you cannot park re on  street. Please fix m before y get worse.
Westbound lane
POTHOLE
Large Pothole across lanes  15 on ramp at Scripps Poway parkway-  northbound onramp
Three potholes in eastbound grand ave in front  1339 grand ave
LARGE POTHOLE.  TRAVELING EASTBOUND JUST BEFORE REACHING GENESEE AV
Large pothole on Lomaland Dr. at Catalina Blvd.
On westbound grand ave.  There are actually several potholes on grand ave, from  ocean to mission bay drive...
Far right lanes
Large Pothole in  middle   street on Reagan Rd in between New Salem St and Mira Mesa blvd.
Claremont Mesa and Doliva on Doliva 10- pot holes
Pothole length  Chateau Drive. Some very big.
2 separate Potholes in  middle   intersection  54th St and El Cajon Blvd. They are as you are going westbound on El Cajon Blvd
Large potholes in cross walk  700 W Grape St. and Kettner Blvd.
Pothole. Wb grand ave...
In alleyway  water puddling and big pothole unsafe
On nb Ingraham... Just south  PB drive
POTHOLES
POTHOLES FROM GALVESTON TO CLAIREMONT.
Large multi pothole where cement meets asphalt
There are several potholes on both westbound and eastbound Clairemont Dr between Burgener Blvd and Denver Street
Two large potholes at  intersection  Tudor St and Ironwood Rd
Numerous potholes between Willow Creek Rd and 500 ft east  Scripps Ranch Blvd on Pomerado Rd in east and west bound lanes
Large pothole located on Reagan Road, between Mira Mesa Blvd & New Salem Street.
POTHOLES
POTHOLES
POTHOLE SOUTH BOUND ON NIMITZ AT WEST POINT LOMA.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE ON FAMOSA AT WHITTIER.
patch over multiple potholes eastbound clairemont mesa bl
If you are turning East onto Clairemont Mesa Blvd from Southbound Convoy re is a pothole about 10 yards into  intersection.  You have to drive around  to make  left hand turn/
The curb at  east edge   street is sinking at  location. The curb is 8 to 10 inches high.  is difficult to pull trash cans over  curb whout damaging m, and even more difficult to pull m back over  curb once emptied. This block  36th St. takes all   water going downhill,  street is a river in  rain, especially  side   street where  curb is sinking. The pot holes that were filled earlier  summer are re- opening, or or ones are opening alongside  patches.thank you.
major pothole in west bound lanes;   just east  balboa & cannington dr. intersection
There's a big pothole on  right lane going to terminal one at  San Diego international airport. I h  today and immediately got a flat tired my tire is 4 months old. 's being raining and 's dangerous you can't see .
The weekend rains will make  one worse.

E/B Del Sol just before Del Sur, hole in #2 lane
Patch across street is sinking and crumbling. High traffic back way in & out  Ocean Beach.

pothole causing tire dammage WB #2 lane  garnett & Mission Bay Dr.
Pothole
C zhu@meridar.com
Pothole cluster
Poly oles 6 total
Road brake down around manhole cover
Lots  potholes all along Barnard.
potholes is  SB right lane
POTHOLES IN THE WB LANE (NORTH SIDE)
Around  intersection  Hartford St and Clairemont Dr re are a number  pot holes that need to be filled/fixed soon.
pot holes along harbor drive by cell phone lot.
Pot holes on Mallard between 69th and federal.
Westbound two large potholes
pot holes north  escalla southbound pomerado .
There are so many potholes in  block especially in  front  Communy Church.  Can you help fill se?
Large pothole, whe sand inside to warn drivers. Last count on Clairemont Dr between Denver St and Burgener St, 15 potholes on west bound (downhill), 24 potholes on Eastbound (uphill). Road is beyond repair and need complete resurface.
Multiple potholes over 50 feet  Capricorn
Large pothole at  corner  West Muirlands Drive and Fay Avenue, La Jolla.
Pothole
The dirt alley at  end  Boundary Street (between 4224 Boundary Street and  SDGE power station) needs to be resurfaced again. There are a lot  holes filled wh water from all  cars and trucks driving through after  rain.
Terrible potholes on both sides   street
Pothole in crosswalk  on Camino Del Norte at Paseo Montanoso


There are DOZENS  large potholes on Clairemont Dr between Denver St and Burgener Blvd on both sides   street.  is like driving a slalom course to avoid hting m!!!  Some are very deep and will be causing damage to wheels and tires.
Deep jaw slamming pothole in #1 line  Paradise Valley Road.Also, (S. Woodman St) going North before Paradise Valley Road approx cross Alsacia St







Clairemont Mesa Blvd has several old pothole patches that have failed during  recent rains.  Both directions, immediately west  i-805
There are 2 huge potholes in  number 2 lane westbound on Balboa Ave in front  McDonalds. Hazard. Cars are swerving around  potholes.
Large potholes on Escala going south in front  both entrances to Bernardo Pines complex
There is a deep pothole, about a foot in length, located at  corner  Paseo Montalban and Carmel Mountain Rd. Cars continuously h that pothole as turn right from Paseo Montalban onto Carmel Mountain Rd. 's a matter  time when one  se car tires pop at  turn.
Huge pothole
Large pothole on Bernardo Center at intersection wh Rancho Bernardo.  Just south   intersection
Wb grand ave...near Figueroa blvd
Wb grand ave.... Near Bond St
On wb grand ave.... Between Lee St and Bond St... 2600 grand ave is an estimation   location.  Thank you for fixing potholes.  Potholes cause automotive leaks in brakes, shocks, cylinders, radiators, transmissions, etc....
In  intersection in front  Tsuruya Sushi
On EB grand ave... A couple potholes right next to each or
On SB Ingraham st, near Reed ave...
Big pot hole
Small pot holes
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON CLAIRMONT DR NEAR THE HIGH SCHOOL.
Very large pothole on our very narrow street.
Large pothole in number two lane , west bound on Balboa Avenue. In front  Mcdonalds. 's about one foot long and one inch deep. There are actually several potholes along that block and  one before .
Pothole
There are so many  cleave which keep our car while driving damage, please fix  street ASAP
HAZARDOUS POTHOLE WEST BOUND CLAIRMONT DR, ROUGHLY 10 YRDS PAST THE HARTFORD INTERSECTION.
Hi, re is a dangerous pothole and may cause an accident on Clairemont dr going west at Hartford St and anor one on  or side going east on Clairemnt Dr.  Both are west  Hartford at  corner  and on Clairemont Dr.  pretty deep and should get an emergency quick fix. Thank you For all you your great worrk. Happy new Year
Hi, here is anor Pot Hole pretty deep at  intersection  Clairemont Dr and Denver St in  west bound on Clairemont Dr side. Thank you
Several potholes southbound lane  Gilman dr.
Southbound lane a couple big potholes.
Small pothole south/west bound lanes.
Nb Ingraham st...a couple potholes...4721 is a ballpark estimate
Large/ steep dip in Friars Road in  #1 (left-most) lane heading towards Qualcomm Stadium. Filled wh water during rain and extremely dangerous.
Many swerve-worthy potholes, west bound center lane, due to  rain.
large potholes in area. caused 4 flat tires
2 potholes one right across from Serra High School sign and anor in front entrance to school parking lot
West Bound Camino Del Norte at Bernardo Center Drive. Double Left turn lane, right lane  that double left turn about 200 ft east   intersection, deep pot hole has developed.
Pothole 3' x 2'
Pot holes on Santo road in front  high school. Hole is 36 in x 18 inches. Several or smaller potholes are in  area both sides   road by high school.
Should be concrete gutter
Pothole
Multiple large potholes west bound
Pothole
Potholes
Numerous potholes  length  Genesee at UTC mall
Poway Rd from Sabre Springs Pkwy to poway cy line is a nightmare to drive on after  rains.  The road surface is falling apart wh potholes almost every few feet.  Some   potholes are huge and drivers really need to pay attention while driving orwise  will be like driving on a dirt adventure road.  When is Poway Rd scheduled for pavement rehab?   is much needed.
Very large pothole in left eastbound lane  Rancho Bernard Rd. at intersection  16900  Bernardo Oaks Dr.Could damage tires/wheels or cause motorcycle accident.
A jarring pothole around 5800 Balboa or 6000 Balboa.... On wb Balboa
Potholes on W/B right lane Grand Ave just before signalized intersection
Multiple potholes
Potholes
Failed trenching
Right Turn lane from Ruffin Rd southbound into Aero Dr west is in TERRIBLE condion, full  potholes and bumps. This has been complained about several times and  does NOT get fixed. Fix  please, don't just record  for data.
Large pothole, right lane heading east on Garnet toward balboa

Denver St and Claremont Dr.
W/B CLM WEST OF CONVOY 2 VERY LARGE POTHOLES, DAMAGED HIS TIRES
On EB Garnet Ave.... In  intersection  mission bay Dr & garnet ave
There is 4 potholes at  intersection near my house. Please fix
Deep pothole just before Washington
Big one
Large pothole at stop sign heading south on Florida
NB #1 lane
Potholes bi-directional along Montezuma between Fairmount and Collwood
Two potholes in right lane  Balboa just east  junction  Clairemont Drive.
Two potholes in right lane  Balboa going west, right after crossing  Clairemont Drive intersection.
Pothole in street is growing in size. Pieces   road are being thrown into our yards. Can cause an accident. This has been fixed two or times last year and keeps coming back.
GENESEE AV SOUTH BOUND IN RIGHT HAND LANE NORTH OF THE CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD.
N/B CLAIREMONT DR,        LARGE POTHOLE   BY CURB LANE,      BETWEEN   UTE & RAPPAHANNOCK
in front  Spreckels elementary school
in cross walk in front  Sprouts mall nice paint job but needs fresh surface
Small crack/pothole wh dirt below washed-out near previous water line repair in middle   street 6 feet from manhole cover
Really bad pot holes on Ingram at Grand
Multiple medium and large potholes between Edison and Burgener on Clairemont Dr eastbound and westbound.
Potholes on  onramp to 54th St at  intersection
Huge deep pothole on west side   road just up from  Stop sign at Fay.
Major potholes opened up between I-5 ex and Burgener blvd on clairemont dr
Going NE on Clairemont Drive, in right curb lane just before you reach 3863 Clairemont Dr.  There is one huge pothole and a cluster  smaller ones.  Thank you.
3 ft pothole, que deep and jarring when driven over.
Asphalt peeling away from  concrete creating a pothole northbound at crosswalk.
Blew out a tire exing f  5 southbound onto Front St. on  ramp after 1st St  spls f.  Huge pothole in  right lane. Also two smaller ones in  left lane just before  huge one.
Large pothole in residential street
Both lanes
Big pothole. On  northbound side   street in  right lane. Address is rough -  is 2 or 3 houses before  taco stand/stop light
2 huge pot holes west bound Balboa in front  McDonald's
In  middle   northbound, right hand lane  Lake Murray Blvd at  Lake Arrowhead Dr intersection, re is a trench connected to   road repair in progress.  An asphalt patch inserted in  trench does not completely fill , leaving a significant depression capable  damaging a vehicle's tires.
This pothole has been re  past few months. After  latest rain  has gotten bigger and is deep. I'm not  best for judging measurements but 's a minimum 1 1/2' wide and maybe 6" plus deep.This is not my address....I use  street frequently. I was just narrowing down  location   pothole.
Potholes bad on Clairemont Drive between Balboa Avenue and Mission Bay. All new due to  latest rain. Cars swerving big holes only to h smaller ones. This is dangerous because people are swerving into your lane just to avoid  holes.
Major pothole in between ex lane & slow lane right on  whe dashed line, gave us a flat tire
Pothole in West bound lane  Clairemont Dr. between Clairemont Court and Hartford St.  Also pothole in West bound right lane  Clairemont Dr. in  intersection wh Denver St.  Also pothole in West bound right lane  Clairemont Drive just before  concrete paving over  freeway.
Super deep pothole near curb in westbound lane
Large pothole in   west bound right lane just before  traffic signal where Grand Ave merges wh Balboa Ave.
A previous report was about 3 potholes in  East bound lanes from 2950 Clairemont Dr. to Burgener Blvd.  The rain has caused  to become numerous potholes in both lanes  Clairemont Drive, some deep enough to cause traffic to swerve to avoid m.
2 LARGE POTHOLES IN FRONT OF MCDONALDS, HAZ PER PD, W/B BALBOA
Multiple potholes on a 75 yard section going south on Pomerado
Bad job fixing street pot holes
Pothole
Potholes on  right most lane going straight to Miramar road.
LARGE CHUNKS OF ASPHALT BROKEN UP  FROM GROUND  , CAUSING HAZ PER PD, IFO SERRA HIGHSCHOOL
HUGE pot hole on  freeway entrance ramp. This hole is very dangerous to motorcycles entering  freeway. Someone is going to get hurt if y h .
HUGE pot hole on  freeway entrance ramp. This hole is very dangerous to motorcycles entering  freeway. Someone is going to get hurt if y h .
West Mission Bay drive in BOTH directions between Grand and Garnet is in very bad shape.  is riddled wh pot holes, cracks, and bumps.  is a road hazard and very dangerous for motorcycles. Especially in  rain.The road needs to be resurfaced, as re are way too many pot holes in need  fixing. Not sure why  is taking you so long to fix  dangerous suation.
Many pot holes on Crown Pt Drive in both directions need repair from Ingraham st all  way to Lamont St.
Over 10 potholes. Three  m large on Clairemont Drive between Denver and Berkner
Street is a mix  Concrete and Asphalt. One   asphalts portions is now a big BUMP or a CHUNK  Asphalt upwards in  middle   street going downhill (southbound) on 54th St. Please repair  and remove  bump or shave  f. There is also a pothole here wh loss  asphalt.
Two huge pot holes headed southwest
Pothole
Pothole
Large pothole on Florida in  south bound lane before Robinson
Pothole on cypress west  alley

Uneven, holes, ridges. What a mess! Trip Hazzard, tir.e Hazzard
I damaged my rims and tire on my vehicle after driving over a pothole. I had to pay over $200. Location: Right after  163 freeway turns into 6th avenue in Hillcrest. I would like to be reimbursed for  damages.
A large pothole, and smaller ones next to  located in  number 2 lane at  intersection  Balboa/Mission Bay Drive. 's on Balboa going in  easterly direction at  7-11 store.
Eastbound lane potholes
Eastbound lanes from Fairfield to Burgener, about 10 potholes
On EB Loring st... In  intersection  loring and fanuel.  Thank you for fixing  street problems.
Large Pothole
Pothole near  northwest corner  Linda Vista Rd. and Fulton St.
POTHOLES ON SOUTH SIDE OF STREET
POTHOLES ON SOUTH SIDE OF STREET
POTHOLES ON THE SOUTH SIDE OF THE STREET
Multiple potholes along Genesee Ave. in both directions between Boyd Ave. and Marlesta Dr.
POTHOLES ON THE SOUTH SIDE OF THE STREET
POTHOLES OF SOUTH SIDE OF STREET
POTHOLES ON SOUTH SIDE OF STREET
Multiple potholes in both directions on Kearny Mesa Rd.
POTHOLES ON SOUTH SIDE OF THE STREET
POTHOLES ON SOUTH SIDE OF THE STREET
POTHOLES ON SOUTH SIDE OF STREET
Westbound lane
Pothole 2x1
Big hole in front  Cabrillo Isle Matina
South/West on Kearny Mesa Rd, re are two left-turn lanes to turn South onto Convoy St. There's a giant pothole that appeared in  left-turn lanes after  recent heavy rain.
Two huge holes after  traffic light
Very large hole in middle  intersection. East bound lanes mission bay drive cross garnet
Pothole in intersection
New pothole at least 1.5ft x 1.5ft square. Northwest corner  intersection
5 or more deep potholes in front  Marston Middle school
Southbound lane, 30th st, Pothole - dangerous for cyclists...making  dangerous for motorists dodging cyclists trying to dodge  potholes.  re are several along  stretch  road in  southbound lane: in front  4012, in  adjacent intersection (@ Lincoln), in front  4069, in front  4232.  PLEASE FIX THEM ALL, or better yet, repave  area completely.  THX!
Southbound lane, 30th st, Pothole - dangerous for cyclists...making  dangerous for motorists dodging cyclists trying to dodge  potholes.  re are several along  stretch  road in  southbound lane: in front  4012, in  adjacent intersection (@ Lincoln), in front  4069, in front  4232.  PLEASE FIX THEM ALL, or better yet, repave  area completely.  THX!
Multiple pot holes as to go from Denver Stup  hill to Burgerner
Horrible, car damaging road heave/ buckle. Santo road- left northbound lane between portobelo drive and CA-52 entrance.  is located right at  strip mall's turn pocket.
Southbound lane, 31tst st, Pothole - dangerous for cyclists...making  dangerous for motorists dodging cyclists trying to dodge  potholes.  re are several along  stretch  road in  southbound lane: in front  2045, in front  2035.  PLEASE FIX THEM ALL, or better yet, repave  area completely.  THX!
Large pothole just past crosswalk.
Southbound lane, 31tst st, Pothole - dangerous for cyclists...making  dangerous for motorists dodging cyclists trying to dodge  potholes.  re are several along  stretch  road in  southbound lane: in front  2045, in front  2035.  PLEASE FIX THEM ALL, or better yet, repave  area completely.  THX!
SINKHOLE at  manhole cover, and ALSO furr down  block. This section  street needed an emergency repair for a sinkhole a year or so ago...and now  rest  that same sewer line is apparently collapsing and causing pre-sinkhole sinking and uneven pavement - PLEASE FIX THIS stretch  street - from 2021 south. THX!
LARGE and growing pothole - anor dangerous hazard for cyclists...making  dangerous for motorists dodging cyclists trying to dodge  potholes.  This is nearly in front  State Senator Toni kins' home .  THX!
The sourn end  La Jolla Blvd from Loring to Midway is riddled wh potholes and needs to be repaved.
Large pothole in right lane  freeway ex ramp heading to SDSU
Potholes all over Clairemont dr between burgener bl and balboa.
Large pothole on southbound traffic lane in front   library.

There are potholes on Clairemont Drive from  5 going East up toThe Keils shopping center.  I must have dodged over 10  m today. This could cause a serious accident
Right lane
Along Clairemont Dr. between Denver St. and Burgener Blvd. re are 8-10 potholes.  They range from 1 foot to about 3 feet wide.
HUGE 1ft deep pothole!  Surprised no motorcyclists have bailed.
Pothole
Pothole developing
POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
On MM Blvd right next to driveway
Various large pot holes NB Camino Ruiz between Hydra Ln and Calle Morelos
Large pothole incenter island
TWO LARGE POTHOLES GOING W/B ON LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR WHEN YOU CROSS OVER GILMAN.
10 POTHOLES IN INTERSECTION
MANY POTHOLES TRAVELING NORTH BOUND.
Medium sized pothole on  corner  Rio San Diego Drive and River Run Drive. Cars go over  all  time, may cause a car to have a flat tire sooner than later. High traffic area for cars as well.
A rapidly developing major pothole. 5 ft. x 2 ft. x 1 ft. deep.
Pothole
West side several potholes about 1.5 ft. in size and 2 in. deep. continuing to about 1630 Quivira Rd.. This is a primary roadway for bicyclists both daily commuters and recreational types. Appears  resurfaced layer is failing.
Huge hole on corner  Vancouver and Maple streets in North Park.  Very dangerous for pedestrians.  Two people have fallen in  street.
2nd lane from  right heading to terminal 1 on harbor many potholes.  As well as after laurel street heading towards airport right lane potholes
Deep hole in a patched trench made by a construction crew.
Big deep tire popping pothole
Pothole
HAZARDOUS POTHOLES ON TAYLOR ST JUST BEFORE THE ON RAMP TO THE I-8
Large pothole on  north side   intersection  Taylor St and Hotel Circle South.
Potholes on  east side   intersection  Sports Arena Blvd and Rosecrans St.
Potholes in  intersection  Kurtz St and Rosecrans St.
Potholes on  transion ramp from southbound Pacific Highway to westbound Barnett Ave.
Potholes between 4278 and 4298 37th St.
Potholes in  eastbound lanes in  1200 block  Tecolote Rd.
west bound  right lane 9790 Miramar road series  deep potholes that are very jaring
Potholes in both directions in  3100 block  Sports Arena Blvd.
Potholes in  westbound lanes in  700 block  Universy Ave.
Significant pothole on  28th street ex f   94 West.
Several potholes on clairemont Mesa boulevard east  Santo Road are causing vehicle damage
Seems like half job done by  cy. Pothole damaged my front tire and had to pay out  pocket. Anor car got a blown tire before me.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
OK, re's at LEAST 3 potholes going eastbound on Aero Dr. Are you ever going to fix m? There have been several reports submted over 2 weeks and nothing has been fixed. You just CLOSE m whout repair. 3 potholes, from Aero Ct all  way to Afton Rd. Fix Fix Fix please.
OK, re's at LEAST 2 potholes going westbound on Aero Dr. Are you ever going to fix m? There have been several reports submted over 2 weeks and nothing has been fixed. They are getting WORSE especially in  left lane going west. You just CLOSE m whout repair. 2 potholes, from Afton Rd all  way to Aero Ct were  hotel is. Fix Fix Fix please.
Major Pothole in  middle   intersection going eastbound on Aero Dr and Aero Ct. PLEASE FIX IT, don't just close  to record  as data. Needs to be patched and fixed. Thank you
Large pot hole
On Scrips Poway Parkway from I-15 to almost Pomerado R. re are seams in both east and west bound that are a road hazard.  They are over 1 inch wide and over 1/4 inch deep in a lot  places. This is very dangerous to motorcycle riders as  does catch  tires.  Road requirement are that gaps should be no more that 1/4 inch wide for safety reasons.
Pothole
Pothole in Friars rd. In  right lane to turn into Frazee Rd.
1ft x 2ft x 1ft deep
  intersection  Pomerado Road  and  Willow Creek numerous pothole patches that have been done over 3 times needs patching again.
Multiple (~15) potholes on crown point drive between Ingraham and Shasta st.
Numerous potholes in EB lane
Large pothole in EB lane
Large, deep pothole in highway 163 left lane f ramp to Universy Ave.
Turn lanes from Camino del Norte west to Bernardo Center Dr South
Numerous potholes on Pennant Way, San Diego, CA 92122
Big pothole before stopsign heading south
The street is in terrible condion. The homes on  street are all well taken care  and  cy has failed to hold up s part to maintain  streets. Please repave our block. Our kids can't even ride ir pikes on  street because  cracks and potholes are so bad.

GIANT pothole in RH lane on 5S Front Street framp


Pothole
3 inch deep pothole
Pothole
Many potholes
Big pothole right at  beginning  Balboa Drive (at 6th Ave).   Balboa Drive has potholes in  right lane all  way to El Prado.
big pothole on Nutmeg St (at 6th)
In  left, westbound lane, just east  Convoy St right before  left turn lane
"Posted on NextDoor webse: 	 Universy Heights East""Just wanted to let everyone know that re is a large pothole on  on ramp from sports arena Blvd getting on  8 east. Myself and two or cars blew tires whin minutes  each or.CHP was notified but has not blocked  roadway."""
2 large potholes
Grand Avenue from Mission Blvd. to Balboa Avenue has multiple potholes on both sides   street.
There are multiple potholes on  street due to  heavy traffic from CarMax.
Two large potholes have formed immediately west  Clairemont Dr on Balboa Ave westbound.
Deep pothole, rectangular, near right  curb.
Numerous potholes on Poway Rd From Springhurst to I-15
Many potholes
Many potholes
Pothole in  road on Broadway between 13th St & 14th St.
Pothole in  road on C st in front  Krisp grocery store.
In front  1459 Acheson St.  Large pothole wh chunks  tar that come out every time a car drives over .  Several or potsholes on  street.
pothole in turn lane  eastbound friars rd just before reaching frazee rd
Pothole
Pothole
There is a 2 foot diameter sinkhole, located next to a cy  San Diego sewer manhole, on  south side  Sola Av, 60 feet east  67th St.  The sinkhole is getting larger and deeper every day.      is a safety hazard for motorists, bicyclists and pedestrians.
Westbound near entrance to Vons re are several.Eastbound ~ 150ft from entrance to Vons in left lane.
Westbound side near Godfars Pizza entrance.
Southbound at entrance to Serra High School.
Numerous westbound right lane from Marigot Pl. to Santo Road
Eastbound right lane ~150 ft from Tierrasanta Recreation Center entrance
Universy and 8th Street
We now have a hole in  street approximately 9 inches deep and neighbors are sweeping  street daily and trying to get cars to go around  hole. Two cars have sustained flats and body wheel damages thus far, however more importantly is  concern  a sink hole between  addresses  7421 Golfcrest Dr and 7429 Golfcrest Dr. There is a crack developing which is identical between both homes in s shape and structure and also incorporates  9 inch hole. In addion we are wnessing a sinking   sidewalk between  two houses as well. There is also a large vault  some type that I think is owned by SDG&E whin  are that appears to be getting ready to settle and drop whin a well defined area.
POTHOLES
Pot hole popped tire left hand side   street   from  I-15
Pothole
Pothole
Large potholes in drive path  vehicles for Center westbI understand lane. Will get larger due to heavy business traffic in lane.
LARGE POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION CAUSED DAMAGE TO HIS VEHICLE
Pot hole in left turn lame
Pothole
Pothole
Two major potholes on Pennant just above  intersection wh Regents Road. Farr up Pennant is anor significant pothole.
Pothole where concrete meets asphalt at  corner  Arnoldson Ave. and Travers Way. Not a problem for cars but would be for bicycles.
POTHOLES BEHIND CONVENTION CENTER ON HARBOR
Shoes  potholes on England Street heading south from  chalcedony to diamond
POTHOLES CONTINUE TO THE POWAY CITY LIMITS
94 fwy going eastbound between Kelton ands Federal blvd
Pothole on  right lane when going downhill. Makes cars veer to  left lane but can't see oncoming traffic which makes  dangerous.
Large pothole in alley due to construction. Hard to avoid.

2 big potholes that are hard to miss.
 Chateau Dr. Norast corner  intersection.
North Bound
North Bound- 2 potholes need to fix a previous patch
North Bound
North Bound
North bound. 3 potholes
North Bound 2 potholes
South Bound 2 potholes
North bound 2 potholes
North Bound 3 potholes

Huge pothole that has been in  road for over 3 months. Major safety hazard.Hole is across from  entrance to Antares condos in  northbound traffic lanes. Also, a few addional potholes that are growing larger by  day just north   pothole as well.






east bound south 2 lanes
east bound south two lanes
I- 805 north bound on- ramp, numerous potholes in  south lane
south bound 3 potholes
North Bound- need to fix previous patch
at Chateau Dr. Norast corner  intersection
Multiple potholes as you approach  3-way stop on Del Diablo Way and Penasquos Drive.
Pot hole is about 1ft long 1 1/2 - 2 feet wide, 1 1/2 to 2 inches deep and growing.  Started to develop right where some work on a water main had taken place over a year ago.....we have had a problem wh  area since  work was done.
POTHOLE
numerous potholes on 2900 clairemont dr
Pothole on  right lane going downhill making cars veer to  left lane.
There are at least 20 potholes up and down clairemont drive. They are very deep, dangerous, and damaging to cars. They are also very hard to avoid and impossible to see at night.
From: martin chevalier [mailto:mchev08@yahoo.com] Sent: Monday, January 02, 2017 1:29 PMTo: TSW Street Service <Street_Service@sandiego.gov>Subject: many ltle pot holes Westbound Meade Ave. between Illinois St. and 30th St.  They are getting much worse since i last reported  issue to you.Thank you.  Martin
Potholes all along Clairemont Drive between Denver Street  and burgener Boulevard
On nb Ingraham st....
On nb Ingraham St....
There are two potholes and two asphalt repairs rising above surface level  on  downhill lanes between Via Mallorca and Gilman Drives. First pothole is at  entrance  Solazzo Apartments.
Going up and down Clairemont drive for about a minute mile f  5 freeway re are some major pot holes
Intersection
Half a dozen potholes on Northbound Pacific Highway at  trolley station parking lot in lane #1.
DEEP POTHOLE N/B LANE
large hole in street between front st. and third st.  on east bound side next to medium.
Deep and caused tire damage.
large pothole in parking lot  postal fice
Two potholes on eastbound Pomerado Road just east  Scripps Ranch Boulevard intersection.
There are a few 'good'  potholes here
2FT BY 2FT POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION WITH 4 BARS EXPOSED
Large hole at entrance to alley and to driveway  repair shop, makes cars drive on wrong side  road
POTHOLE WEST OF RAIL #2 LANE 4 INCHES DEEP 15'X15'
2 LARGE POTHOLES S/B LANES.
Middle lane
Pothole in front  9150 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, in  westbound traveled lane.
Morena Blvd between Avati Dr and  Balboa onramp. Southbound Lane.  Map location is incorrect.  BAD, HUGE HOLE.    EMERGENCY BAD.
Going SW on Clairemont Drive, just before you reach Clairemont Court, 3 potholes are in right lane by curb
Going NW on Clairemont Drive starting at 3799 Clairemont Drive (Marsten Middle School) re are at least 5 large potholes in all   lanes on  right side   yellow line until you reach intersection  Clairemont Drive and Balboa Ave.
A huge hole on I-5 North. 's right after  ramp metering light from Seaworld Drive to I-5 North.
Anor huge hole on Clairemont Drive @ Clairemont Mesa Drive traffic light
There is a deep pothole in  southbound left lane  Denver Street just before  stop sign at Ingulf Street.
Eastbound right lane approximately 75-100' west  La Cuenta
Potholes in  eastbound lanes in  200-799 blocks  West Washington St.
Potholes in  westbound #2 lane in  500-799 block  Washington St.
LOTS OF POTHOLES
Pothole in  eastbound #1 lane at 131 Washington St.
LOTS OF POTHOLES
LOTS OF POTHOLES
LOTS OF POTHOLES
LOTS OF POTHOLES
LOTS OF POTHOLES
LOTS OF POTHOLES
3 large potholes on Vista Sorrento Parkway just north  intersection wh Sorrento Valley Blvd.
large potholes on Escala Dr. southbound lane in front  both entrances to Bernardo Pines communy (Camino Pinero)
potholes in crosswalk on Camino Del Norte at Paseo Montanoso
pothole on Bernardo Center Drive at intersection wh Rancho Bernardo Road
A huge & large hole whout anyone's care to fill  or fix  which hurt my car today & need to be done ASAPc please
Huge pot hole fucked up my car
10 big potholes
There is a huge pothole on  very right hand lane on Friars road. Off  163 north freeway and right before France road. I stopped in  Hazard shopping center. Two or individuals saw me wh my blown tire and asked if  was because I h a pothole. They also h  same and was afraid something happened to ir cars.

Large pothole whin intersection  Loring Street and Fanuel Street. Pothole is whin  traffic flow if going east on Loring, through Fanuel.
BIG P/H IS HAZARD PER PD
2 large potholes before  second light on grand & Lamont. Cars have been hting   and I can hear  all night. I actually h  and  messed up my tire on December 26.  But now  pothole has grown
re are holes along  street
Four potholes on westbound Pomerado Rd approximately 100 yards east   Scripps Ranch Boulevard intersection.
Pothole needs filling!
Two large potholes formed right where car tires would pass over in  left turn lane. A huge hazard.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Five large potholes have developed on southbound side  Clairemont Dr and need filling. Thanks.
Two large potholes on  westbound side  Balboa at Clairemont Dr. Thanks.
Pothole
Approaching Starbucks on Clairemont Drive re are several large potholes as you pass Marston Middle School since  recent rains
Pothole in northbound Rosecrans in front  1175 Rosecrans
Potholes in eastboumd lanes  El Cajom Blvd in front  4265 El Cajon Blvd
Pothole in southbound 54th street in front  2212 54th Street.
There are about 8 medium to large potholes on both sides  Clairemont drive. This is making people swerve to avoid m as some  m are extremely large and can cause damage to a vehicle. These potholes begin near  i-5 on ramp and go all  up up Clairemont drive to Iroquois.
Two very large pot holes
Dry large pothole.
Large pot hole
Huge pothole next to manhole cover.  Immediately provided me wh a flat tire. But could also cause an accident
POTHOLE ON BROADWAY HEADED TO THE 94 FWY
POTHOLE
Big pothole north bound
In  intersection, at Merrimac Ave and Appleton St, one pothole and one utily trench has caved in. The utily trench is about 2 ft by 2 ft and 4 to 6 inch deep,  pothole is about 1 1/2 feet in diameter. This is an intersection used heavily by Kindergarten to 5th graders going to  Whman Elementary school.
Pothole in front marston towards driveway south rnd on claemont dr near basbeball field
Large dangerous potholes in  northbound lanes.
Pothole on east bound on clairemont dr at Hartford south west corner
Pothole west bound on clairemont dr at clairemont ct
Huge pothole in  right hand lane  college avenue northbound not far from El Cajon Blvd. Been running over  a few times. There are many ors but  one was nasty enough for me to want to report . Could take a picture later  evening after work and resubm if desired.
POTHOLES BOTH DIRECTIONS
So, anyone from  cy Street Division going to fix ALL THE POTHOLES ON BOTH SIDES  Aero Dr? The 8000 block  Aero Dr in both eastbound and westbound directions. Several requests have been submted, nothing gets fixed. Potholes are getting "bigger"
POTHOLE THAT DAMAGED VEHICLE
Pothole on genesee north bound at intersection  clairemont mesa blvd. North east corner
LARGE POT HOLE
LARGE POTHOLE, N/W/C.
Potholes
There are several potholes on Elm Ave. There are two or three potholes between 18th Street and Saturn.  There are or potholes along Elm Ave between Thermal and 18th Street.
Very large and deep Pot holes at several location throughout  intersection.
multiple potholes in both directions
The entire stretch  Universy Ave from 5th avenue to 10th Avenue is a disaster.  I ruined a tire right around 8th Avenue.
There are two large potholes in  south bound lane  Genesee Ave.  They align perfectly wh  tires on a car in  lane.
There are about a dozen potholes on Clairemont Dr between Hartford Court and Burgener Blvd.
Very deep pothole
On Monday, 1/2/17, at about 1:oo PM, at  listed location,  I encountered a open pothole  about 8-10" deep. There was lots  repair equipment present, but no workers. Therefore, I returned on Tuesday, 1/3 about 12:00PM, to report  issue, but still no one available, but  pot hole was already repaired.Obviously, or driver must have had  same problem. As I drove over  pothole,  jolt was very severe and my car is a sports model, low to  ground. I fear severe damage and want to go on record regarding  unfortunate incident. To cover myself for unseen damage, please confirm receipt   communication. My name is Henry Holt, (619 491-2872 My vehicleis :2016 BMW 235I, plate #7MNF634. Please advise what or action is required.
The street is very damaged in front   address. There are markings on  street from  cy, but nothing has been done about  issue. Please send someone to take anor look and begin repairs before someone gets hurt or a car gets damaged!
Potholes on  west side   intersection  36th St and Market St.
Potholes in  northbound lane in  2300 block  San Diego Ave.
Multiple potholes forming.
Large deep hole near double yellow lines
There is a large (but shallow) pothole near  driveway to 3151 K St.
W/B POTHOLE (BETWEEN CHARGER AND MT ABERNATHY)
A pothole  size  a large, long watermelon is on 8 east just as  sports arena onramp to 8 east merges onto 8 east. Pothole is between merge lane and slow lane.
On Genesse Avenue south, sloe lane just south  Appleton St are  2 potholes about  size  a football each parellel to each or.
A constuent called to report a pothole on Morena Blvd, between Balboa Ave and Costco. He says that  pothole flattened both his left tires and caused damage to his vehicle.
2 foot pot hole in asphalt
There is a pothole in  ground that cars "dip" into when y turn over . In order to avoid , cars sometimes need to drive furr to  left or right than y naturally would in order to avoid . This pothole is part  my commute to work and I would be happy if I didn't have to feel my car dip every time I drive to work. I'm sure ors who haven't thought to report  would also be happy to have  pothole corrected. Thank you.
P
Pothole
POTHOLES FROM MISSION GORGE TO MAST
POT HOLE LEFT LANE

Pothole
POTHOLE
This is deep long pothole located just after on ramp to interstate 8 from Sports Arena Blvd.  caused significant damage to my vehicle and I will be filing a liabily claim. I cannot subm a photo as that would require me to park on  shoulder  interstate 8 and walk to a high traffic area. I will go back to  area and try to take a picture if I can. Thank you for your attention.
Very large pothole on  Mesa College side  Marlesta Drive near 3386 Marlesta Drive.  ALSO, anor very large pothole on Mesa College side  Marlesta Drive near 3486 Marlesta Drive.A few smaller potholes on  same two blocks (Marlesta Drive between Genesee Avenue and Beagle Street).
large pothole
Potholes
A large pothole on Genesee Avenue between Boyd Avenue and Marlesta Drive  (closer to Boyd Avenue) on  Tecolote Canyon side  Genesee.  Approx. location is across street from 3720 Genesee Avenue 32.809310,-117.176733.  ALSO a few smaller ones on same section  Genesee Avenue.
Pothole on oppose side  house by  driveway to Montessori school
POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
Three potholes on south side  Pennant Way near corner. One que large
This pothole has been reported several times. 's in improper patch  a dig done in  middle   intersection. The asphalt has sunk. Several Requests have been submted and  is NOT getting repair. Please fix  problem before  turns into a real pothole. Company that digged in  street should repair accordingly.
 street has a lot  potholes, way to many to put in pictureswh  recent rains is has gotten worse, you have to avoid m all  time  starts on  cross st  mercury and dagget st and goes all  way down to  or cross st which is convoy st to me  street needs a major overhaul - thank you
Pothole
Large pot hole before  entrance  Casa De Las Campans
Pothole
Pothole
LARGE POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
 section  road heading west and east on imperial ave towards greenwood cementry needs some work right where  road meets  bridge  bulges up, and potholes have formed as well
Two potholes on eastbound Pomerado Road 100 feet east  Scripps Ranch Boulevard intersection.
There's a new rar large pothole on  eastbound side  Universy, eir on  163 bridge or just west  where  bridge starts. 's definely a road hazard and has  abily to cause serious damage to vehicles. I have never ridden through a pothole so large.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
SEVERAL POTHOLES NEED TO BE PATCHED
Huge pot holes  hole length  Poway rd right to  Poway- San Diego line both sides   road west  The Poway cy line. They are HUGE!!!!!!!!!!
Pothole
East bound Mira Mesa blvd. Just East  Westview Parkway, in front   On The Border.  There is a deep pothole in  third lane from  sidewalk very close to  intersection.
Huge pothole!
Pothole
Pothole
The entire stretch east and west from clairemont Mesa 5000's block to convoy st, lot  pot holes
Pothole in  intersection that is hazardous. When pedestrians ex sidewalk y might trip.
Giant pothole in  middle   lane immediately after  crosswalk
Major pothole causing damage to cars
On  east bound lane between Denver st and Fairfield st in west Clairemont re are VERY DEEP POTHOLES! 's a traffic hazard because as soon as people see m  h  brake y are so deep!
Numerous potholes both lanes  Gold Coast Drive from Westonhill Drive to Westchester Ave.Thank you.
Two large potholes in left lane  west bound Aero Drive, just west  Afton Rd intersection. They stretch from  gutter to about two-three feet into  lane. When  rains  is hard to see m as  water collects and ss on that part   road.  The drainage is horrible in that area.
2 ft wide By 1 foot by 4 inch deep
Two Potholes on Genessee Ave near Conrad Ave. north  Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
They use to be covered up but one came open. Now re is a gaping hole. 's not hard to miss when you see  but 's hard to avoid because cars are parked and res incoming cars.
as you face express tire.    public alley on rt. side  ir bldg.  up  hill;    has several very deep potholes;  once fixed,   pls. follow up on re filling m as time & damage moves forward.   thanks.
very deep pothole;    as you're driving east on balboa,  turning rt. onto convoy st.,  just as you're turning on  corner,  s re.
The pothole is in  North Bound right lane.
The pothole is in  North bound left lane.
Pothole in  South bound left lane, north  Rayon Rd
Pothole on Balboa Ave Westbound just pass Clairemont Drive traffic light
Pothole in  West bound center lane just East  Cannington Dr
A pothole on Morena heading south just passed Avati Drive.  was reported as fixed but  hole is still re
A pothole on Genessee
Westbound side  Balboa Just before  intersection wh Cannington...middle lane  BIG HOLE
Pothole 14"+ in diameter, 4"+ deep. One  24 potholes on Clairemont Dr East Bound, more on West bound. Look for  cone someone has placed in  pothole. Been 11 days since first App post, 4 days ago follow up, following up again. Considering  "pothole crew" has to vis each Council District every 9 business days, one would think you have <24hrs left to act. Street Div Supervisor call Adrian Sevilla 619-235-5281 , councilwoman Zapf's representative and explain yourself and lack follow up to  Get  Done App. Yesterday re were 8+ posts, today anor 6+ all for  same potholes.
Pot hole around man hole cover in intersection  Pacific Beach Dr and Dawes St
pothole
Pothole, left lane on southbound Morena, just past Avati.
pothole
pothole
pothole

Deep pothole near intersection
Giant pothole in right turn lane.
Potholes in alley need repair and smoothing.
3 large Pot holes in  left turn lane
Two huge pot holes at left turn lane at sb nimz.
Large pothole on east side  centerline on Avati Dr going north adjacent to Spice and Soul restaurant
There is a sewer or water access cap on  on ramp from Orange Ave to 54th street that was never leveled properly and as a result jars  vehicle dangerously towards  curb. I think  is a safety issue. Going over  cap in my truck is hard enough, and a small car really struggles to maintain control. The cap is simply too high. Please investigate.
Pot hole on Gowdy Ave when driving north right at stop intersection wh Greyling Ave
There are large pot holes on  94 west right after you pass  15 freeway. They are in  second lane in from  right. I would take a picture but that's to dangerous and  happens so fast I ran over m 2 days on a row because I forgot about m  next night that I got f work....
Dangerously deep, wide, and capable  causing flat tires.
Potholes in far left lane
Pothole heading westbound on Montezuma Rd right oppose  new SDSU tower. Pothole is after  pedestrian crosswalk
New pothole in  middle on  street. Please repair
30"x18". One house south  Donax east side on Thermal (northbound Lane)
Huge pothole in right northbound lane right before Montezuma.
Poway road heading west is full  pothole between springhurst drive and interstate 15.
Pothole
Huge potholes on CLAIREMONT DRIVE running up  hill from  Hwy 5 ex to Burgener Blvd. Particularly bad from Galveston St. to Burgener Blvd on CLAIREMONT DRIVE. Cars are swerving to avoid m. There are near-misses wh accidents. 's bad.
Pothole in intersection. WB CMB and Denver.
There are multiple potholes on eastbound Airway Road, around and east  La Media Road.  Some are as big as three feet.  In order to avoid  potholes on eastbound Airway, you have to drive in  west bound lanes, which is incredibly unsafe, especially given  number  big rigs in  area.
Huge potholes on Genesee Ave heading south just past Appleton St and heading north just past Conrad.  Thank you!
Series  potholes; a couple  m very large and deep.
Several deep and large potholes at  location and south   location on Presidio Drive.
There are 5 potholes in  area
BIG POTHOLE
Please fill in potholes. Multiple ones on  street
Large amounts  water continuously flow across  roadway at  south crosswalk, causing potholes and worn striping. This has been an issue for que some time and has been repaired in  past. This water flows wh or whout rain.
 must be at least 2 ft in diameter, and at least 8 inches deep. Every rain makes  larger. I saw a truck h   or day, and I would be surprised if  guy's tire didn't pop.  is just as you're going around a curve. Dangerous spot. Also,  whole block  Cannington next to Lafayette School is HORRIBLE. You practically have to drive on  wrong side  street to avoid  continuous potholes. For  safety  our neighborhood children, please make  area a priory for street repairs! People are swerving to avoid knocking out ir alignment. 's just a matter  time before a bicyclist or pedestrian will pay  price. Thank you!
 must be at least 2 ft in diameter, and at least 8 inches deep. Every rain makes  larger. I saw a truck h   or day, and I would be surprised if  guy's tire didn't pop.  is just as you're going around a curve. Dangerous spot. Also,  whole block  Cannington next to Lafayette School is HORRIBLE. You practically have to drive on  wrong side  street to avoid  continuous potholes. For  safety  our neighborhood children, please make  area a priory for street repairs! People are swerving to avoid knocking out ir alignment. 's just a matter  time before a bicyclist or pedestrian will pay  price. Thank you!

LARGE POTHOLE ON POTOMAC
 must be at least 2 ft in diameter, and at least 8 inches deep. Every rain makes  larger. I saw a truck h   or day, and I would be surprised if  guy's tire didn't pop.  is just as you're going around a curve. Dangerous spot. Also,  whole block  Cannington next to Lafayette School is HORRIBLE. You practically have to drive on  wrong side  street to avoid  continuous potholes. For  safety  our neighborhood children, please make  area a priory for street repairs! People are swerving to avoid knocking out ir alignment. 's just a matter  time before a bicyclist or pedestrian will pay  price. Thank you!
LARGE POTHOLE ON POTOMAC
The condion   roadway on Triana St. between Cheshire and Limerick is absolutely horrible.  I have seen multiple people trip and fall (including children - as re is in an elementary school nearby) walking across  roadway.  Potholes, cracks, missing pieces  roadway.  Huge liabily for  cy.
Several potholes at  intersection  Siempre Viva Road and Cactus Road
Southbound Cactus Road about 200 feet past  intersection  Siempre Viva Road, re is one pothole adjacent to a manhole cover.
Pot hole in  #1 lane.
N/B  RUFFIN  ..S/E/C   OF RUFFIN & WAXIE WAY
#1 lane n/b 100 ft s/  bridge over  San Diego River.  Pot hole /sink
This entire street is an atrocy. So many potholes exist on  street and  is ten accessed as a bypass to get to  56 freeway. Please repair before someone on a motorcycle is seriously injured and  cy is sued for being so woefully negligent.
pothole in southbound LJ Shores Dr. near  location
Several widely-spaced potholes in southbound LJ Shores Dr. in  section between s intersections wh LJ Shores Lane and Discovery Way
Large pothole near on ramp and merger.
Two potholes in  roadway at  intersection  N Torrey Pines and LJ Shores Dr.  Potholes are near  ped. crosswalk marking on  norast portion   intersection and near  center divider  N Torrey Pines.
Pothole is in  Right lane on Sea World Drive, near Perez Cove Way, maybe 8 to 12 inches deep wh a very sharp edge
Big pothole
The whole length   street between Genessee Ave. and up to about Camber Dr. is riddled wh pot holes.  Drivers have taken to driving in  middle   street and  is very frightening when you are driving and see someone driving half in your lane so y avoid  potholes.  Can  please be looked at ASAP,  has been  way for over a year now.
Potholes galore on both sides  Rancho Carmel Drive south  Carmel Mountain Road to  56, and maybe furr south although I do not drive that far south.
Several large, deep potholes in #2 lane and in intersection  Balboa/Mt. Albertine
Multiple potholes before  8 freeway on-ramp.
Large, deep pothole at crosswalk on west side  Balboa/Claremont Dr. intersection, westbound Balboa #2 lane

POTHOLES, WHOLE STREET
POTHOLE
Potholes in intersection
Huge potholes
Pothole, turn lane from Garnet to Soledad Mtn Rd
Pothole turn lane, Mission Bay Dr to Garnet
There are two (2) major potholes on  southbound lane.  The one closest to Harbor Dr. popped my right front tire.  Please get  correct ASAP
between denver st and burgner ,   east and west re are numerous potholes that are dangerous. I h one  m on my  bike and almost lost control.  The road will be damaged a lot more if not some repairs are processed. tks
Huge pothole in road. about 3x2 feet in diameter.  Very deep pocket.
HUGE POTHOLE. JUST AT THE TRAFFIC LIGHT SIGNAL LEAVING THE MALL FROM NORDSTROM. THIS POTHOLE IS ON FRIARS RD EAST. AT THE STREET ENTRANCE TO THE MALL BIG AND OPEN. ABOUT 2X2 FEET LARGE POTHOLE. NEEDS TO BE FIXED. NEEDS TO BE FIXED SOON
Massive pothole about a couple feet long and deep
In #1 lane southbound on ulric large pot hole
Huge pothole about a foot deep and several feet long.
POTHOLES
Westbound lanes in  intersection  Clairemont Drive and Denver St. large pothole near Shell gas station.
pothole 6" deep, 12" front to back in left lane, eastbound, about 300 feet east   intersection
large pothole right at intersection  rosecrans and sports arena. norast corner. about 3x3 dimension 6 inches deep
Anor deep pothole.
There are several large pothole's on both sides   street. They becoming larger wh  rain and  truck traffic. The potholes are starting to impede traffic.  is very dangerous for small vehicles and motorcycles. The holes are so large that a bicyclist or motorcyclist can become injured. Especially at night, re are no lights help see  holes. Thank you for your time.
Eastbound left lane at   traffic light for  intersection wh 36th Street - DEEP wheel-destroying pothole has formed - right up to  stop line  leftmost easbound lane, at  traffic light stopping point. PLEASE FIX.  THX
Eastbound lane, where asphalt meets concrete bridge pavement.  Pothole has formed where  seam between  surfaces widens - please patch  whole seam between  asphalt and concrete surfaces.  THX
Clairemont Drive between Bergner and Denver re are numerous potholes on both sides   road.  People are weaving back and forth to miss m. Not safe.
These pot holes have been here and getting worse since years and noone takes action. People fall into m and cars always pop tires into m.
POTHOLES
2 potholes
POTHOLE
HUGE pothole on Sunset Cliffs at Santa Monica.  Next to Crosswalk on SW part  intersection, closest to front door  Library. I saw a VW bug drive into  and disappear.  Kids from OB Elementary go swimming in  at lunch.  Kidding about that, but not  pothole.
There are numerous large potholes on Clairemont Drive between Denver Street and Burgener Drive, y are on both  East and West side  Clairemont Drive.
Pothole
Pothole
Huge potholes forming on Genesee
On eastbound lane near crosswalk at light near Catalina.   is in traffic lane and easy to h when preparing to turn left onto Catalina.
Near intersection just east  Catalina re are several large potholes that create a hazard.  Noticed mostly in eastbound lane.
As you head north and southbound on Olney when you cross Balboa (north and south legs) re are large potholes and extreme gaps in  pavement/concrete which causes cars to bottom out and scrape.  This intersection needs to be resurfaced or overlaid to prevent vehicles from furr being damaged by bottoming out or scraping.
Multiple potholes between Catalina and Savoy Street make driving difficult whout hting a pothole
Filling wh rainwater and enlarging pothole.
Pothole on E/B Avati right at crosswalk wh Eichenlaub/Huerfano
POTHOLES  (THROUGHOUT BLOCK)
POTHOLES ABOUT 5 LARGE POTHOLES BEFORE 52
Potholes along street please repair m. There is a wider pothole oppose  address.
Please repair wide cracks that will eventually become potholes.
Please repair wide cracks and potholes throughout  street. Thank you
Potholes going eastbound in BOTH lanes, from Fairmount Ave all  way to College Ave. Some potholes are now very wide and deep. Please repair m.
Going southbound Pothole on  far right entrance lane into Montezuma Rd right were  curves to get into  street (or  ramp). Please repair.
Several potholes on  street and also wide cracks. Please repair, re have been MANY requests submted already. One hole is very deep closer to Aero Dr.
Please repair potholes on Afton Rd and wide cracks due to  recent storm.
Please repair potholes and wide cracks on  street in BOTH directions  Afton Rd.
Please repair a big BUMP on  street going southbound on Afton Rd, oppose  elementary school.
pot hole. 3 feet by 3 feet in diameter.. at ex to leave  mall .. departing Nordstrom onto Friars Rd. Friars Rd East
Please repair 3 LARGE and DEEP potholes on Aero Dr going eastbound. Major pothole is oppose  San Diego Communy College District Office
Please repair a MAJOR and very Deep pothole going westbound on Aero Dr from Afton Rd to Aero Ct. Several requests and  hole is getting worse by  way.
Pothole at alley entrance
Large potholes in EB lane
Potholes galore east and westbound on Poway Road right f  15.  Once you h Poway Cy lims,  road smooths out.
Off ramp to Universy Ave from 163 South has a pot hole in  left lane
LARGE POTHOLE, JUST BEFORE BALBOA AV, #1 LANE.
The entire street is falling apart. 's like a third world country!
Many large and deep potholes
POTHOLE N/B A HAZARD PER PD
About a dozen different potholes here that are up to 2 inches deep.
Multiple pot holes on  street. I bent my rims on my car because  .
There are several potholes on  block   street.
Numerous potholes on  bridge and  freeway on ramp to I8 E.
Pothole on Clairemont Mesa Blvd about half way between Antigua and Santo Rd, before you get to Vons, in  left lane.
Incredibly deep pothole on  left edge   left lane on Washington St between 1st and 3rd Avenues Eastbound. Popped my tire and damaged my wheel today around 7:05 p.m.
There are multiple potholes on both east and west lanes   Clairemont Mesa from before Von's (Santo road) to Via Vallarta.  is a long stretch  Clairemont mesa in Tierrasanta.
Large pothole tore bumper f car
This block has several potholes.
We can't sleep at night due to or loud noise  POTHOLE IS MAKING. I left a message on Monday now 's Friday and 's not getting any smaller
Pothole right after passing  street light.
LARGE POTHOLE DAMAGING VEHICLES/PD STANDING BY
I ran over a pothole on 1/5/17 around 10:15 pm that caused my tire to go flat. Pothole is next to  bus stop on broadway and tenth ave.
Left lane heading south on Kettner just before Sassafras.  Small manhole wh large asphalt indent.  Indent is smooth and looks like a repair.  Exactly in line wh left tire when changing lanes.
I am wring to you about Rancho Bernardo Road from 15 freeway east to corner  summer field.The street is full  pot holes which damage car alignment and patches in pavement. Also  intersection at Bernardo Center Drive and RB road and west up to 15 freeway on Bernardo Center Drive.  should be re-paved ASAPThank You
A good 50-70 meters  potholes, from  entrance to  Wyndham Garden all  way to  Wendy's restaurant, on Midway Dr towards  W Mission Bay Dr bridge, near  curb on  right lane. Not bicycle safe and could cause vehicle tire damage.
Potholes going northbound were  street goes under  8 Highway. 50 feet before Alvarado Canyon Rd
Several potholes on all lanes going northbound from Montezuma Rd all  way to Alvarado Canyon Rd. Multiple requests already. Please ask Uncle Kevin Faulconer for funds if you don't have any but fix m please.

Pothole in front  421 south 37th  st.

Large pothole
Just one example   many potholes on Poway road. Please fix.
POTHOLE 3' X 3'
Large and deep pothole. Will likely cause tire damage.  Intersection  Sorrento Valley Boulevard and Sorrento Valley Road.
There is a pothole in  left lane, exing Stoney Creek Rd onto Carmel Mountain rd.   is directly in line wh vehicles' left tires when centered in  left lane.
Large pot hole at  souast corner   intersection  Via De La Valle and San Andres Drive, Del Mar, CA 92014.
Large pot hole in  right hand lane on Via De La Valle beneath  Interstate 5 Freeway, Del Mar, CA 92014.
Per P296 re is a sink hole eastside   intersection 10-11 inches deep.
POTHOLE
The pot hold is when you turn right from Rancho Valencia onto Rancho Diegueno.  This location is behind  bank at  Del Rayo Plaza.  Thank you in advance for fixing .
C and 11 intersection. Large hole
Pothole in right  two left-turn lanes, and anor pothole a few feet in front  .
There are several potholes between Avanti and Gesner on Morena that are getting que large.
 in  middle   street
Potholes corner  Afton Rd wh Aero Dr going southbound
Various pothole 2 inches deep all along  street
8200 BLOCK ON AREO HAS POTHOLES ON BOTH SIDES OF THE STREET.
Right  two left turn lanes
Very large pothole that may have damaged my left front wheel.
Multiple potholes on Pacific hyw north
Potholes and poor road condion
Potholes from one side   street to  or in several areas on Alondra Drive
Rancho Bernardo Road from Bernardo Center Drive traveling eastbound all  way to Summerfield Drive  whole road is covered in cracks/potholes. This is  second report. The fist report I was told  whole roadway east/west was getting paved last year.  was never done.   gets patched only to break back up in weeks causing  same wear and tear to my vehicle.

huge pot hole on via de la valle right under  5 freeway
Pothole my car almost got damage
Pothole in intersection  Market / 36th
Very  dangerous deep pothole
Pothole
Intersection Clairemont and Convoy, large pothole
Medium-large pothole in middle  high-traffic residential street.
For  first 1/2 mile or so f  highway re are lerally over a dozen pot holes. This street looks like  has been blasted by gunfire and IEDs.
Bernard street has lots  potholes, more now after  rains. The road was eaten up and chewed up by heavy construction equipment while y built  big Dylan apartment complex recently.  has never been completely repaved, which is what  really needs and  Dylan owners should pay for . They caused  destruction   Bernard Street. The complex replaced  Bernard Elementary School.
Large potholes all across Courtyard Dr at  intersection  Courtyard Dr and Ironwood Rd
Large pothole
This entire section is filled wh potholes. If you drive down chateau Dr. towards Genesee you'll see that  whole street is filled wh m. I got a flat tore and a dented rim from  pot holes
Big pothole on a busy street that has been growing for weeks
Potholes at 1120 and 1200 turquoise st
Random large potholes  on both sides  Genesee from Marlesta to Balboa
There is a big hump in  middle   street between F st. & 11th. The street needs to be smood out.
pothole approximately 15 inches by 24 inches round and 8 inches deep.
POTHOLE AT ENTRANCE TO THE ALLEY
 about  location, in southbound N. Torrey Pines and near  divider between left and right lanes, pothole.
Large pot hole on Pomerado Road Eastbound at Willow Creek. I don't have a photo because I couldn't stop due to traffic but you can't miss , unfortunately.
I was coming north in  right line (   two lanes) on Camino deal norte,on to Bernardo center drive . There was a deep, maybe 2x2 square shape pot hole that was so bad, I thought my tired experienced damage, and alignment thrown f. I just had my full service tune up on my mini van, and I'm really disappointed  would happen.
Pot hole
Pot hole
POTHOLE
Large crater size pot hole on Genesee s  Linda Vista
multiple large pot hole very large across all three lanes
Pothole bent my wheels on a stock car
Large piece  street collapsed.
Pothole E/B Pacific Beach Dr. @ Dawes St. NOTE: PB area has significant bike, stroller and skateboard traffic. This pothole is dangerous -especially at night
On nb ingraham
On EB pacific beach dr
On SB Ingraham st.  3550 Ingraham is a rough, ballpark estimate   pothole.... There are multiple potholes on Ingraham st, FYI....
From Genesee Avenue all  way past  163 ex to Cardinal Road, re are too many pot holes to mention.  We take  road to  Sharp Reese Steeley clinic and my husband drove  today 1/6/2017 and told me to be aware  se numerous pot holes when I travel  stretch  road, as I just bought a brand new 2017 vehicle.
Pothole in intersection at 3rd and Ash
multiple pot holes on  road
TWO POTHOLES GOING SOUTH BOUND ON 30TH.
Large pot hole

EB clmnt mesa -several potholes
One medium and one large (manhole size) pothole in right-hand southbound lane  Harbor Drive. One is halfway between Laurel and Hawthorne. The or is 25-50 feet North  Grape Street.
Very bad pothole right on  median   eastbound side  Washington.  Gave me a flat :(
LARGE POTHOLE NORTHBOUND  MISSION GORGE BY TOYOTA DEALERSHIP
Large pot hole at  stop sign on Florida st heading south
POTHOLE GAVE CONSUMER FLAT TIRE
There are numerous potholes everywhere along Capricorn Way. Please have  street repaved, because  street is very difficult to drive along.
Major bumps about 60 feet long South side
Pothole 15" diameter westbound in left turn lane
LARGE POTHOLE
Very deep maybe 10 plus inches 24-30 inches long 18-24 inches wide.  Left side   left lane going east.
Significant pothole on westbound side  road closest to  center median
Left lane
Significant pothole on westbound side  road closest to  center median
Multiple potholes in roadway
Large pothole. Threw my car into or lane and damaged rim.
Right northbound lane
Pot holes on Margerum Avenue as you go up  hill.
Two big potholes that caused a flat tire on my car, had no remedy but to get a new tire thanks to that pothole.
North bound side as you go up  hill. Pot Hole.
Large pothole in road (north side).
Pothole in f ramp between I-15 and entrance to I-8 east. Just before Fairmount Avenue ex. Pothole 8' long or so.
There has been potholes here in  intersection  college ave. and federal blvd. for over 6 months and y are only getting bigger. They need to be fixed 's out  control. There is no way around m
There has been potholes here in  intersection  college ave. and federal blvd. for over 6 months and y are only getting bigger. They need to be fixed 's out  control. There is no way around m
Pothole in center  road
  corner  college and federal  road condions do not refect  purpose  my tax dollars, coming from federal on  westhand side  fees like my car is riding a wave and sinking 6 inches into  earth. Please take into consideration my opinion and hard taken tax money for  benef  our san diegans.
This ltle street is used alot by people living in encanto and going from skyline to imperial PLEASE SEND SOMEONE TO LOOK AT THIS TERRIBLE ROAD.
Potholes going east to poway and going west to 15 freeway from poway. Sabre spring area/communy on poway rd. Lots  potholes and 's getting bigger.Can't upload pictures due to driving
full  potholes in  intersection, need to repave not just patch.
There is a big hole where waing to turn left from Camino del norte to bernardo center drive .  Really big!!!!please fix  soon , before  causes a accident.
Large pothole N/B lanes
Multiple pot holes (more in  same viciny but not pictured). Street filled wh gravel from road corrosion and huge chunks.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE POTHOLES IN THE INTERSECTION.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE POTHOLES IN THE INTERSECTION.
Pot hole located in  left lane
Left lane
Left lane
Left hand turn lane near  stop light

Large pothole  damage tires 3 times
Eastbound Washington Street between 1st and 3rd in  far left lane, re is a massive pothole next to center divider. Cars are swerving to miss .
Numerous potholes in  area
Very large pothole
The pothole is 18 inch diameter, 4 inch deep, directly underneath  pedestrian overpass in  right hand   two left turn lanes from Camino Dell Norte westbound to Bernardo Center Drive/Carmel Valley Road.
Large, multiple potholes from west  I15 to Springhurst Dr. , both Eastbound and Westbound.  That whole roadway needs to be resurfaced!
Huge CRATERS 3 inches deep going east and west on Poway rd from  15 to  Poway cy line.
Huge pothole
Multiple potholes in crossing
Deep potholes on  bridge and surrounding area.  10th request at  location.

Many very large deep potholes.  Feels like you are in a third world country.
Intersection
Very large pothole. Lane 1. Southbound
Large pot hole.
Large pot hole

Pothole near manhole cover.....Whole block has alligator surface
Pothole SB Santo @ light for school.
Large pothole on Camino Del Norte where you turn left onto Bernardo Center Dr.
Pothole heading east on Washington near intersection wh 3rd Ave.
Pothole on Florida St., heading south, at Robinson St.
Many large potholes


Southbound college avenue, right lane, just before montezuma. Axle breaker.

Group   holes before  805 south entrance
Right hand lane going west starts on bridge and toward light
Right hand side  street by black gate entrance to lot
GIANT potholes in  right lane heading towards SDSU. New potholes have been appearing every week. Approx 6-10 inches wide and 1 inch deep.
8 inch deep pothole in west bound left turn lane.
Many potholes along Escala Dr. Road needs to be repaved. Potholes were not fixed well last time.
Per consumer: Very large pothole in intersection
Patched pothole failed. Never repaired after months.
Pothole onHuerfeno @ Tensha
Large pot hole
Huge pot holes over by  amvets causing tire and alignment damage
Pot hole
pothole in street in front  2919 Date Street
Large pot hole in middle lane  grape st and kettner
Severe potholes throughout street
Large pothole North side  intersection



CUSTOMER STATES THAT HE HAS JUST BLOWN OUT HIS TIRES AT A POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION.
Multudes  potholes have been here for years. They line both sides   parking lot starting from  entrance.
LARGE POTHOLES
Multudes  potholes have been here for years. They line both sides   parking lot starting from  entrance.
Many potholes on Friars road, including exposing wiring underneath
Large pothole E/B on Avati by Spice & Soul RestaurantSo forget  Chargers and please fix  ccklu#* potholes!
Clairemont Mesa Blvd - West bound from 11010  Clairemont Mesa Blvd To Santo Road.  Outside lane is a series  stip potholes wh long narrow ones and larger deeper holes.  Inside lane has bigger pot holes near  edge where  median meets  street at various intervals.
pot holes and a street sign ready to fall fat corner  west point loma and rue d Orleansin point loma
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A BAD POTHOLE ON THE 7700 BLOCK OF FRIARS IN THE EAST BOUND, RIGHT HAND LANE.
On 6500 Balboa Ave in  number 2 westbound traffic lane re are 2 large potholes. The potholes are just east   Balboa Ave and Cannington Drive intersection.
Pot hole in westbound lane near center  street.Thank you
Potholes both directions on Kearny Mesa Road between Balboa and Convoy St.Thank you.
I think I may have broken an axle in my encounter wh  large and deep pothole on market Street just before at Gateway Center, Drive.  If so, I will send  repair bill to you!
Trench cut on  street by underground wiring company is now full  potholes as cars go in and out   driveway. Poor patchwork done that needs to be fixed immediately
Trench cut on  street by underground wiring company is now full  potholes as cars go in and out   driveway. Poor patchwork done that needs to be fixed immediately
Trenches cut on  street by underground wiring company are now full  potholes in all  south sidr driveways as cars go in and out  m. Poor patchwork done that company needs to be fixed immediately
Driving from I 15  to Bernardo center drive via Camino del norte just before  traffic signal when making left turn to Bernardo center Dr on  second turning lane very big pot hole since 3 weeks
MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON CAPRICORN WY BETWEEN WESTONHILL DR & BOOTES ST.
re are six potholes on  south side  Appleton Street between New Haven and Genesee
Big chunk  asphalt gone because  recent rains
Pothole
POTHOLE

Deep pothole
Potholes and rough asphalt
Pothole
Pothole in right lane  north bound College before Montezuma



Numerous deep potholes

Multiple  potholes on ashburton  rd, timaru, and fairlie  rd. Street needs repaved.


Badly damaged asphalt.  This damage was reported to you  day  happened 10 years ago along wh  name and address   contractor who caused .  's been 10 years.
Damaged asphalt and pothole
















Badly damaged asphalt and potholes
Badly damaged asphalt

Deep and devastating  potholes
Deep rut in intersection is damaging tires
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Eastbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd before Santo Rd, half way between Antigua Blvd & Santa Road. Pothole on left side  #1 lane. Pothole measures approximately 60" long, 24" wide and 3" deep.  has already caused irreparable damage to one wheel on my car, for which I will be filing a claim.








Pothole and badly damaged asphalt
Bad pothole.  We heard two cars go over  while walking by, one blew ir tire.
Pothole as you ex Universy avenue f  163 South. Pothole is on  ramp up to Universy avenue.
Northbound Ingraham Street north  Garnet has massive potholes made worse by recent rain.  Northbound motorists are now driving down  left turn lane to avoid m.  The entire stretch  Ingraham from Garnet to Beryl has needed repaving for years.
Tacos near median
Deep dangerous pothole. Pedestrians can severely hurt m self
Major pothole at egress to chuze fness strip mall in mission valley.  Damages vehicles upon entrance/ex
There is a 2ft pothole on  outside left turn lane on  intersection  camino del norte and bernardo center dr.
Huge pothole in  middle  street. Will cause significant damage to vehicles. Thanks
There are numerous potholes on Marbury Avenue between Mira Mesa Blvd and Hillery Drive, getting worse every day
Huge pothole left eastbound lane Claremont Mesa Blvd between Antigua Blvd and Sanyo Road. Two friends have gotten flat tires in  last week.
On Market. Two very large potholes in  gutter/Street. Along  North side   street
Three potholes in right hand northbound lane  Vista Sorrento Parkway,
Pothole at egress
re are 3 potholes on 56 east bound, between  lane merging from Carmel Creek to  ex on Carmel Country.  y are in  right lanes.  I blew out a tire re on Thursday ne.  Very dangerous
Someone came to do some sort  plumbing and left  street all broken.  looks like a mess.
Pothole
Big hole
Pothole
Westbound lane
Potholes in crosswalk.
2 1/2"  X 6" DEEP....WEST ALLEY...
2 large potholes where construction crews dug up service. Next to service covers. NORTHBOUND just so.  El Cajon
Two large potholes on 6th Avenue approaching Universy Avenue moving south from  163 freeway.
Not sure  exact location but re is very large pothole on east bound Rosecrans in  lane closest to median. 's gotten very dangerous.
Pothole
uneven surface... hard impact when exing freeway
Large deep pothole North-west bound on Gennessee Avenue just South-East  Boyd st.
Big pothole

PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE POTHOLES ON THE 5400 BLOCK OF SOLEDAN
There is a large pothole on  bottom   ex ramp from Highway 52 to Regents Road.  The pothole is right at  location where  exing cars wa for  traffic light.   is in  right hand lane   two lanes that turn left onto Regents Road.  There is no safe place to park nearby to allow a picture to be taken so I have scanned  exact location, marked by a large X, from Google Maps.
Pothole due to previous construction
LARGE pothole, dangerous, on Pacific Hwy North left land just beyond  Rental Car Bldg and before  overpass.
Put hole in recently patched area East bound left lane.
There is a large pothole near  northwest corner  Florida Street and Robinson Avenue
All  Washington Street needs to repaved. Months ago re was some construction,  was never repaved properly.  All  Washington Street is filled wh uneven terrain, and potholes  various sizes.  is better to have a 4x4 vehicle when driving on Washington Street.
I've been reporting potholes on Deep Dell Road patching ltle potholes. Every time  rains,  comes back. I'd like  street to be repaved all  way. Please. I'd appreciated very much! Thank you!
There are potholes and cracks all over Floresta Court.  You can even clearly see that from google maps.
Several pot holes all along  stretch  road. all  way to Balboa.
Huge raised concrete crack across road. Causes cars to scrape.
Right turning lane on Friars, just before Frazee Rd; deep pot hole approx 12'' in diameter
CRATERS all along  east and west lanes on Poway rd west  cy line. This whole rd needs to be repaved 's horrible and dangerous to drive you are constantly dodging CRATERS
Entire road needs repaving immediately in front  Overlook Apartments!! Potholes everywhere that continue to reappear.
Entire road needs repaving.Potholes and cracks for almost  entire drive. Cars have to dodge m constantly, creating a dangerous driving environment.From Carmel Mountain Rd to Poway Rd
6 inch deep
There is a huge pothole on Hazard Center Drive. 's raining very hard today, and I noticed a lot  potholes, but  one was so large that  gave me a flat tire, and likely damaged my alignment.
Middle lane. Damaged alignment
Circle hole in middle  4 stop way. Getting bigger after rain storm.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES NORTH BOUND ON CAMINO RUIZ.

There is a large pothole at  intersection,  has been re for some time.
LARGE POTHOLE 4800 CANNINGTON
LARGE POTHOLE, S/B LANE
two block long area  pot holes. causing damage to cars
NOT really a pothole, but a huge hole creating a driving hazard in alley behind Narragansett Avenue at Santa Barbara Street. Sewer line construction failure at second house on northside  Narragansett alley @ Santa Barbara street, created a  8" hole in alley roadway, probably from trash truck traffic? will seriously damage any car suspension. Needs reseating  drain cover and concrete around .
Pothole at intersection
Pothole
Potholes on  northbound lane  Fairmont Ave by Hamilton Elementary school
GOAT TRAIL is what  feels like when you cross   intersection 's so full  holes ,cracks and big ol lumps.
Pothole
Pothole
There are a ton  potholes in PB.  There are so many that I'm hting potholes I already reported....
Pothole
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON STREET.
POTHOLES IN FRONT OF 6295 & 6296 LANCE PL
Big pothole
Numerous potholes in  intersection
2 large potholes which cause tire damage.
Many large potholes on Appleton St from ientersection  Appleton east to Genesseest Avr.. BOTH SIDES OF THE STREET
2 growing potholes.
Due to  recent storms, several streets have potholes. There are several potholes along Aero Dr (in both directions) in District 7. They are getting worse every day
Numerous small potholes on Rosecrans (between Sports Arena Blvd & Midway Drive).
Pothole
POTHOLE E/B BETWEEN SANTO & LA CUENTA
Pothole, westbound lane  Activy Rd near Padgent St.Thank you
Cracked asphalt
Pothole
The lanes in both directions (eastbound and westbound) on Universy Avenue between 50th St. and 52nd St. have several pot holes.
There area a couple  potholes on  west bound lane at  location
In  middle   intersection
Numerous potholes all along Clairemont Mesa from  Hwy 15 east into Tierrasanta.  Some very deep eir jagged edges where asphalt coming out.  Mus be filled.
There are several large potholes on  eastbound side  Poway Rd. at  Sabre Springs Parkway intersection.
Middle  intersection  Aero Dr and Afton Rd. Going eastbound on Aero Pothole  in  middle
Numerous large and deep potholes on Clairemont Mesa Blvd, between La Cuenta Dr. and Antigua Blvd.  Potholes are mostly in  left land (closest to median) in both directions  travel.
There is a huge pot hole on east bound Clairemont Mesa Blvd just before Mollendo, on  inside lane, next to  median
POTHOLE 1/4 MILE NORTH OF INTERSECTION
6inc deep pothole
The whole intersection is a pothole
A 2 foot section has sunk is  left lane cars coming f 163 left  sunken area at high speed causing damages
Taylor Street is a disaster especially where Taylor and Hotel Circle North intersect comma and or  on and f ramps from and to Taylor from  8 freeway are especially full  potholes
Pothole caused by  recent rains...causing issues for drivers. 's getting bigger...
you don't have an option for "Entire street repair" so had to choose pot hole.  please see pics.  This entire road deck has broken down and  creates massive dust clouds and clogs drains as  asphalt granules are everywhere.   has not been touch for at least 20 years looks like.  's a travesty for an area where taxes are so high -  most   entire road looks like  last picture in  lot.  AWLFUL!  a truck came roughly 4 months ago and put one ltle shovel  rock in a small hole.  Hilarious!!
deep potholes along  street. Major cracking and crumbling roads
huge potholes along  road
huge potholes around  road
Pothole
Pothole
Hi re is a pretty good sized pot hole , that I h , on  left most lane SB on Santo Rd right before  (or nearly in front ) Serra High School
Pothole in right lane  northbound 54th Street at intersection  54th & Pirotte.
Pothole / indentation at SE corner  intersection at 22nd Street and E Street.
Pothole, westbound lane, on Flanders Drive near Flanders Ct.Thank you.
Pothole on Scott St in front  1370 Scott.
Pothole on westbound Bayview Heights at intersection  Bayview Heights and  Kelton Rd.
Fat Pothole
east bound lane has a big pothole
Southbound N. Torrey Pines Rd. entire stretch between entrance to Torrey Pines State Beach and Reserve and  crest   rise, near National Univ. Drwy., multiple small potholes and linear cracks in pavement.  Worst in center lane, but re are similar defects in all 3 lanes.  In  northbound roadway, same stretch, older concrete is OK but asphalt patches at a few locations have cracks/potholes.
Westbound Via De La Valle, from beneath  I-5 overcrossing westward to  intersection wh  southbound I-5 framp, several major potholes, including right at  intersection.
The west bound lane on Universy Avenue has a huge  pothole
Huge Pothole in left lane
Good afternoon,Due to  recent rains, re are approximately 2 dozen small to medium sized potholes on Poway Road/Penasquos Blvd. between Springhurst Lane to  east and Highway 56 to  west.Thank you for your attention to  request,
Pot hole in  left lane. 's pretty big and have to move to avoid 
re is a large pot hole that needs to be filled going WEST onto 163 North from Genesee Ave and Richland St.
Pot hole in left lane as you turn onto W Bernardo Dr from RB road.
The entire 2900 block  Barnard Street is full  potholes
Street is unacceptable ??
Potholes on w. Point Loma Dr
LARGE POTHOLE EASTBOUND #2 LANE ON GRAPE ST
Pothole on north side  street in front  driveway.
Potholes all along Rosecrans St from one end to  or.

Two potholes need filling.
This whole alley, including  crosswalk for Bird Rock Elementary are in such bad disrepair,  is more than just a pothole.
 entire street is a pothole, and has been for  last seven yearsGreat  is closed and  damn street is still a nothing but potholes
Going southbound on Fairmount Ave before  8 freeway ex signals. Asphalt had sunked down and  is a pothole. Right lane please repair 
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Many potholes up and down  street from here on Almendro Lane.
Huge pothole in east bound lane, lane closest to median. Location is  about 50 feet before La Cuenta Dr.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Several VERY deep pot holes, some deeper that a car can drive over. Requires immediate attention please. Located in  alley which connects Universy Ave and Washington St. The ally is between and runs parallel to Forth Ave and fifth Ave.
Three potholes in  road.

Potholes
Pothole in left turn lane on Camino Del Norte onto Bernardo center drive
Overall road condions on Boulder Lake between Navajo and Cowles Mountain Blvd are ABYSMAL!  Have been for months.
Large potholes on Clairemont Mesa Blvd East heading into Tierrasanta
Several potholes on  eastbound lane between Antigua Blvd. & Santo Rd
Many potholes along Rancho Carmel between Ted Williams Parkway and Carmel Mountain Road
In  southbound lane  Texas Street, south  Landis Avenue, re is a large pothole in  middle   lane.
Large potholes on Clairemont Mesa Blvd. East heading into Tierrasanta
Pothole on southbound Santo Road
Double pothole,  rest  street needs help too.
Several potholes on  west bound lanes on Vista Sorrento Parkway in Sorrento Valley. There is no address available because re are no homes or buildings on  part   road. But y are located about a 1 half mile west bound lanes, just past Sorrento Valley Blvd.
Multiple potholes on Appleton just west  Genesee
Pothole on south bound Genesee Ave just below Radcliffe Ln
Pothole is in right lane going southbound on Ulric Street just before  meets Linda Vista Road.
The entire street is bad but  location has a giant hole
Several HUGE Potholes along both North and South bound Genesee Avenue between Linda Vista Road and Cardinal Drive. This is my second request ... first request went unanswered
There are giant potholes all down  road that make driving dangerous and causes damages to peoples cars who drive down  road on a daily basis.
Giant potholes next to each or in  area,especially in front   bus stop, area needs  holes filled in and  road re paved because  is a high traffic area,and people having to slow and practically stop just for  holes causes even more traffic.
Pothole south-side  intersection  Froude & Saratoga. Right-side southbound. H hole on bike.
The whole Convoy Street needs to be redone because  is filled wh potholes on both directions.This is a very high traffic area so  should be a priory for  road to be redone.  The potholes are so big y are also collecting rainwater,so y can eventually cause a health concern to  communy.
Pothole at seam  overpass
Pot
2  3 potholes in  section, southbound
Well traveled road between I15 and I805 that needs complete repaving.
huge pothole f 5 South ramp ex
Very deep pothole on 163 ex at 6th and universy- near Washington street over Cross
Balboa Avenue, from  mountains to  sea, one   most heavily traveled roadways in San Diego. I have a suggestion regarding  pothole issues on Balboa Avenue. Start at  east end  Balboa Avenue (in Tierrasanta) and head west to  West end  Balboa Avenue (Pacific Ocean). Don't stop filling holes until every pothole is filled. Then turn around and head east on  east bound side  Balboa. I have contacted your fice on numerous occasions only to have  pothole in question filled while ten more whin a block or two on  same street go unfilled.  should not be a difficult thing to do.
Pothole.
Two potholes left side  left lane heading east before Santo intersection
Huge hole, major intersection
Pothole on East bound Genesee
many potholes between Engineer rd and Vickers street on Mercury St
both sides  Poway Rd from  15 to  Poway cy line are covered in potholes
potholes on  east lane on pomerado
The pothole is located in front  Starbucks and Dental Express across  street from Baskin Robbins. 's huge and I was forced into  because  driver on  side wouldn't let me over. 's in  lane furst left going toward Nimz street. 's really bad and may have damaged my tires.
W/B MERCURY, POTHOLE
There are a number  potholes on Clairemont Mesa Blvd to  west   805 in both directions  traffic that are que substantial in size.
Two deep holes, poorly filled after recent street work, at intersection  Appleton and mertimac. Several or potholes on Appleton between Merrimac and Genesee
pothole on left turn lane
There is a rar large pothole on  intersection that cannot be missed
pothole at qualcom way and friars intersection.  north bound.
POTHOLES
2 POTHOLES
I-15 South On Ramp at Aero Drive. In  middle lane right at  traffic metering light, two ft wide pothole, just appeared  week.
There are two deep pot holes in close proximy to each or in   left lane around  location
Pothole approximately 24" diameter in #1 Northbound lane  Rancho Penasquos Blvd, between  I-15 framp and Paseo Montril.
Forgot  exact location   monstrous pot hole but  is on  street going eastbound just drive in  far left lane near  mall and you'll find !
LARGE HAZARDOUS POTHOLE ON HAWTHORN BETWEEN INDIA AND COLUMBIA , BUSTED A TIRE PER CUST
Big, tire swallowing pothole in  middle  intersection  Vista Sorrento Pkwy and Sorrento Valley Blvd
Numerous potholes on Vista Sorrento Parkway in  southbound lane between Lusk Blvd and Mira Sorrento Pl. A seam between previous pavings has started to badly deteriorate.
Big new pothole
Sorry previous report was in error. The location   big pothole is in  intersection  Sorrento Valley Blvd and Sorrento Valley Rd (not Vista Sorrento Parkway)
Driving east and west on Clairemont Mesa Blvd re were numerous potholes on eir side  roadway over 805.
POT hole at  intersection on eastbound Loring.
Que a few potholes whin an estimated 50 ft length  road. They are getting a b bigger too. Tends to always have potholes here
In  paved alley behind Rainbow Supermarket, located at 4727 Federal Boulevard, numerous (about a dozen) shallow potholes.
For about  last week ATT has been tearing up our streets and newly installed conctrete corner handicap ramps and filling wh very loose and unfinished asphalt.  Specific corner is Iona Dr and Brooklyn and giant vehicle sized pothole is marked on map just down  street on Brooklyn that I recently bottomed out in and did damage to my vehicle.  Our neighborhood is not  richest and anything  cy does to upgrade is greatly valued to me as a homeowner and too watch a company like ATT tear up our streets and not leave  how y found upsets me and fellow property owners.  Hting  outrageous pothole was just  icing on  cake.  i hope  complaint is taken serious and i hope to hear from  cy soon wh some sort  explanation, thank you for your time.
Please fill in  potholes whin  number 3 lane south   public restrooms south   public restrooms. There are approximately three or four potholes.Thank you,Officer Christine SperrySan Diego Harbor Police
There is a significant crack on  north side  El Prado, just past  sidewalk entrance to   Old Globe.
Multiple potholes between Bootes and Camino Ruiz
multiple potholes on camino del norte between I-15 intersection up to camino san bernardo f ramp.
Heading south on Genesee in  left lane
Large pothole in right hand turn lane. I got a flat tire and so did a car a few minutes after me. I had to get a new tire.
I heard on  news you guys have gotten over 400 reports  potholes in  past week.  That's a lot  reports so thanks for your patience and dealing wh everyone who think y are  only ones sending in a report.  Luckily for you, I am very patient and understand how busy you are but re are 1 or 2 big potholes at  intersection. I noticed  on Friday January 6 and I don't know if 's been fixed already.  If you haven't please fix m when you get a chance.  Thank you.
There are countless potholes in Poway road (San Diego cy lim side) going west on Poway road. 's embarrassing and dangerous!!
Large potholes in westbound lane right around curve in road.
Beginning around Charles Street (cross street) and heading south, Silvergate Avenue has many potholes and uneven asphalt sections, too numerous to list.
Large pothole, S/B Bernardo Center Drive, south  Rancho Bernardo Road.
very deep potholes in west bound lanes on balboa ave.  ,    just west  cannington dr.
There is a pothole right at  intersection  curlew and kalmia
Pothole on kettner right after exing from  5 south.
HUGE pothole coming out   airport on North Harbor Drive. Right around or before Waterfront Park but before West Grape St. 's been a week since I was re so I'm not sure if 's fixed but 's one   biggest potholes I've seen in que some time. Just saw Fox San Diego's tweet so felt like I should report .
About 3 potholes in  middle   intersection
35th st, between Monroe and Madison, is torn up pretty severely after heavy construction and recent rainfall. The alleyway is pretty horrible as well. Thanks
So many potholes, 's hard to count. Worse wh  rain.
On cy road prior to 94 east on ramp.
Large pothole in northbound lane.
Just past turning lane from home to fairmount going north.
Multiple potholes.
Right in front  Chevron on Linda Vista Road
On Camino Del rio south re are at least five potholes going in both directions that are all 8 inches in diameter in perfect circles around  access holes for services. From Texas to mission center road.
Previous pothole gills failed after recent rains.
Pothole on left turn lane going West on Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Nimz South - Left Turn lane to W. Point Loma Blvd.Big pothole.
There's a big pothole on  Market st and 30th . Going East on Market right before  stop light
  signal going north on Ruffin -  pot holes are big before  52 entrance
Really deep pothole in  left hand lane   road going towards  freeway.
Two horrendously huge potholes along wh a few smaller ones.
56 East, pothole in ex lane for Carmel Country Rd
Two potholes N. Harbor Drive heading southbound between Laurel & Grape
Two potholes in a row, just east   stop light at  56 f ramp.
Several potholes along Appleton between Genesee & Dubois
Potholes. Multiple along 5400-5600 Clairemont Mesa blvd
Two large potholes in  westbound lane  2800 Camino Del Rio S.
Large depression forming in  middle  3000 Boundary.  Possible sinkhole under  road about to open up.
3 pot holes in  section  road.
Pothole in asphalt street surface about 12" in diameter on  east side   street immediately adjacent to  mailbox for 3439 Ibis.
The pot hole is taking up most   road going down bernardo center drive.
There are many deep potholes along mercury st between balboa and clairemont
Potholes are at Carmel Mountain Road and Sedorus Street in Rancho Penasquos (92129).
Ridiculous amount  potholes everywhere; 's one huge area right when you turn right onto vickers.

Pothole that expands from  center onto both west and east roadways
One large and a few smaller potholes on east bound Appleton between New Haven and Genesee.
Pothole on Santo Road at  light in front  Serra Hugh School in Tierrasanta.
The pothole is large in  left side   right lane.
There are 2-3 potholes in  left two lanes between Rancho Carmel drive and Shoal Creek drive on Ted Williams Parkway (on  norast side, heading towards Poway).
Multiple potholes between  college Rd to alvarado court.
Chateau drive between Derrick and Genessee ave has a ton  potholes. Road is horrible!!
Numerous potholes
There are several potholes/cracks along Camino Del Norte West immediately f  Northbound 15 ex.  Primarily along  right-hand side.  I've wnessed several cars avoiding potholes/cracks and swerving into  adjacent lane.Addionally, re are several potholes at  Camino San Bernardo ex coming from Camino Del Norte West.
The entire road has potholes every 20-25 yards on both sides   road.
Pothole in middle lane.  Popped vehicle tire  was so deep.  Multiple or vehicles pulled over in  same location inspecting ir cars for damage.
There are several pot holes on morena boulevard
CAN YOU PLEASE FIX THE POTHOLES GOING UNDER THE 8 FREEWAY!? Darn  how many requests do we need to make to get things fixed now? Both directions please.
Potholes on Venus and Ollie streets
new pothole
Very deep pothole southbound Harbor Dr at Cesar Chavez
Large pothole in eastbound left lane
Pot hole on where Grand Ave and balboa meet in Pacific beach
Intersection  Camino Del Note and Bernardo center drive, turn lane if you are headed south west
Large pothole in road
Pot holes all along Boulder Lake.  Down  middle  street from Navajo up to Whelan and furr.  People are driving on  far right in  lane to avoid  potholes. Some people drive on  divide line to avoid  potholes.  All  our streets in  neighborhood have been repaved except  one....  why????
Multiple large pot holes on Genesee ave east from Linda Vista rd
49th and Date street  5 pot holes.
Pothole in northbound Sunset Cliffs Blvd at interrsection  Newport Ave
Right lane Southbound Frazee at Friars
Pacific Highway - Northbound in Left Lane. Two big potholes
Pot hole has been re for about a year and has gotten worse wh  rain.
pothole really bad
Potholes and uneven tar road. Heavy traffic area and recent rain made  worse.
Large pathole
Horrible pot hole that bent my rim
Every road in PB needs repair!! I almost died on my motorcycle!!
Large pot hole in right lane
Just as you crest  hill re are two huge potholes that cause people to swerve. Accident waing to happen, if not corrected quickly. Please call me if you need more details.
There are about 5-10 foot size but deep pothole on  curve over about 100 feet
Entire section between avenidad de la madrid and padre tullio dr needs to be redone . multiple pot holes.
Deep pothole in East bound Rosecrans
There are about 4 potholes on pacific highway right as  bridge ends going towards MCRD.
There is a large pothole on  south bound lane   1200 block  Sigsbee St, right before  train tracks.  I had my right front tire damaged re and reported  last week.  Still no repairs.
Large pothole in front  Senior Pancho Mexican Restaurant on SE corner  College and Montezuma.
Pothole at NE corner  College and Montezuma intersection
Very large surface area pothole under  bridge (163) heading SE on Genesee Ave
Several potholes on  right turning lane  wing street turning right to go on Midway
Several potholes on 69th street coming from El Cajon Blvd.
Getting bigger everyday
The connection  Bassmore Dr and Muffin Ct h is plagued wh potholes. The Cy was here in  neighborhood  fall and paved  streets that did not need attention but ignored  pothole. Every time  rains  gets worse..
Several potholes or left after repair
There are multiple and very dangerous potholes on  Pacific Highway in San Diego. Many cars try to avoid  potholes which leads to a lot  possible accidents. The potholes are extremely deep.
Pothole on Meadowbrook at skyline.
Left 2 turn lanes to Frazer Rd has numerous potholes
HugePothole in slow lane.
Huge pothole going south on Ulric
Pothole wh cracks about width  tire size on westbound side  street
Between santo rd going towards deportola moddle school re is a very big pothole in  road big hazzard for a accedent and flat tiresAlso going from deportola towards  15 freeway re are multiple potholes that need to be fixed as well
Huge pothole
Numerous potholes on Poway Road between I 15 and  Iola Rd. westbound as well as eastbound. One as big as a big rig tire on s side.
Westbound Hillary at Rickert
Pothole Ulric left lane going north from Friars Rd
Big Pothole right as you drive into de portola middle school parking lot wh all  cars that drive in to drop f ir kids  is not safe... s right as you drive in11010 clairemont blvdSan diego, 92124Thank you
Westbound lanes east  Westonhill on Hillery
Deep pothole in middle lane
Westbound Miramesa Boulevard at Camino Ruiz in  center and right lane
There is a  giant pothold between Ulric and linda vista rd that need be be filled up! i almost pop my wheel re  or day b/c i couldnt avoid  unless i turn onto  next lane which is turning left onto linda vista road.
Pothole in Eastboumd lane (goimg down  hill) in front  3576 Talbot.
A few major potholes on my street
Pothole in right lane  Northbound Rosecrans in front  1909 Rosecrans St.
Huge pothole merging to pacific highway from 5north
Intersection  Berger and Donzee several potholes and large ripples in  asphalt
2ft wide and 4 inches deep pothole at  intersection  Sorrento Valley Road and Sorrento Valley Blvd.
Southbound going away from  52 junction
A manhole but  sides were broken and  created deep pothole wh sharp edges.
got two flat tires on a huge pot hole wasn't able to get pictures because  was raining and  was in  morning and traffic was starting
Westbound Sorrento Valley Boulevard 300 feet east  Sorrento Valley Road in  right turn lane
The entire road is undrivable!
Huge pothole. On  ex road from 163. Near  center divide, left lane heading toward Universy Ave.
pothole - black mountain and activy - curbside; recurring issue every year.  can you please fix  once and for all.  Large cy buses and vehicle traffic is immense at  intersection
Need to refill huge hole...Construction tried to fill dug out trench. Please put  as a priory. The hole is located in  intersection   f ramp to turn from WB friars turning left to SB Qualcomm way.
Center lane after crossing  rail tracks and after Kettner
Northbound lanes right before Dunhill as well as at  intersection  Roselle and Dunhill
Potholes. Many.
northbd lane just before Channel way
northbd lane just past channel way
Very large, car swallowing, pothole in  middle   road.
Large potholes through alley
northbd lane that merges back into Sports Arena Bl, a large number  holes and rough areas near  crosswalk
intersection  rio san diego drive and camino del este.  on camino del este southbound. small pothole.
pothole southbound on QUALCOMM way.  intersection  friars and QUALCOMM way.
Pothole tight lane
Uneven when getting f freeway.
Potholes
Medium sized Pothole caused by  rain. Once you make that right turn onto SAN YSIDRO BLVD you run right into .
Both east bound and west bound lanes on both sides   overpass and ob  overpass self.
Right hand lane on west bound Via de la Valle
Pothole on  small street, can't remember which lane, but is easily seen.
Please repair large pothole in  alley way right behind garage  1210 Opal St
Driving on I-5 Hwy going North and you take  ex bridge to connect wh Pacific Highway, once you drive down  bridge and connect wh Pacific Highway  middle lane has many potholes.
The street leading to  house is dirt and re are several holes.
Multiple Potholes between  blocks  Bootes St and Westonhill Dr on Capricorn Way in Mira Mesa
very deep potholes,   just east  cannington dr.,    on balboa ave. west bound lanes.
Huge pothole by  crosswalk on  road  walking toward  high school!
Several potholes,  ruining  tires
Potholes between  area and  intersection on westbound lanes
Numerous  Potholes  varying in size but can damage vehicles tires and or rims.
There is a pothole in  alley adjacent to  address given. 's located next to  staff parking  Rodriguez Elementary School
Huge gap (long pothole) right when you enter Corporal Drive going into navy housing in Canyon View south area.  The gap/pothole goes across  whole street!
A couple  big potholes are here
Pothole
1" deep 1  roughly 8 between pet St and Mt albertine
Pothole
1" deep, 2  roughly 8 between pet St and Mt albertine
Approximately 2" deep, 3  roughly 8 between pet St and Mt albertine
My original claim (Tracking Number:  00131142 ) was  wrong street.  is actually located near 7437 Friars Road (photos attached). Please disregard my original claim.
2-3" deep, 4  roughly 8 between pet St and Mt albertine
Big potholes on turn from grand to Figueroa, and on Figueroa
2-3" deep, 5  roughly 8 between pet St and Mt albertine
Going east bound in  left lane, re is a huge hole that my tire went into  or day, in front   CVS Pharmacy.
1" deep, 6  roughly 8 between pet St and Mt albertine
Bad potholes on Genesse Between Linda Vista Road &   163 Freeway  entrance
Large pothole on  corner  El Camino Real and Vista Way going East.
2 potholes between ocean view blvd and franklin ave
1" deep, 8  roughly 8 between pet St and Mt albertine
Potholes from  Interstate to Cy  Poway, both directions, east and west are inundated wh potholes, you can't even avoid m.
Very deep pothole in middle  intersection
1-2" deep, 9 roughly  between pet St and Mt albertine
BAD POTHOLE E/B CENTER LANE
1-2" deep

Many potholes on San Antonio, beginning at Qualtrough all  way to Owen St.
The street needs to be repaired .Pot holes you name  Street has not been black top in 15 years and cars come from all over to get on  freeway .
There's a cluster  three potholes in  right lane heading east on Grand.
1" deep NE corner  Albertine & Aguilar
Very large, car damaging potholes, several on Genesee rughtbf 163 and a large one in  turn lane right before Linda vista road
1-3" deep
On Regents Road at  "T" wh Health Sciences Dr. re are 2 large potholes    They are right on  corner as you tunn west on Regents     There is a lot  road construction going on in  area    road is heavily used
CITY PUBLIC WORK OFFICE NEEDS TO SEE THE EXITING PROBLEM ON THIS ROAD (FROM 5414 TO 5690 CERVANTES AVE).  I'M A HOME OWNER HERE FOR SIX YEARS AND NOT EVEN ONCE THIS ROAD HAS BEEN WORKED ON BY THE CITY SINCE WE MOVED HERE.  WE HAVE SO MANY ISSUES ON THIS ROAD FROM POTHOLES, FLOODING AND EROSION PROBLEM CAUSED BY THE WATER WAY.  THE BRIDGE MID WAY POINT OF THE ROAD OVERFLOWS WHEN IT RAINS AND WE USUALLY STOCK ON THE OTHER SIDE WAITING TO SLOW DOWN THE CURRENT(FLOW) OF WATER TO CROSS THE BRIDGE.  THIS ROAD REALLY NEEDS AN ATTENTION FROM THE CITY. YOU CAN TELL THAT THEY WORKED ON THE OTHER STREETS ON OUR VICINITY AND LEFT OUR AREA UNTOUCHED.  WE DISCUSSED IT WITH OUR NEIGHBORS TO BRING MEDIA ATTENTION TO RESOLVE THIS ISSUE.  PLEASE COME CHECK THIS LOCATION OUT FOR YOUR SELF.  YOU CAN EVEN SEE WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT USING GOOGLE MAP.
Hazardous pot hole caused tire damage , e/b Friars Rd before in front  hazard center mall
2 or 3 Potholes
large potholes between boundary and 32nd st on upas st
between hydra ln and capricorn north and south bound 6 to 8 potholes and cracks
Lark Street has never been resurfaced like or adjoining streets and is an eyesore and very rough. When will  cy be addressing ?
Multiple, large, and deep pot holes along N. Harbor Dr. heading toward W. Ash Street.
Montezuma between Collwood and Fairmont N/S as your going west . Deep pot holes
From Interstate 15 to Cy  Poway is video material not a photo op. Both directions, are continuous potholes. 's like  T. J. Mexico!
The stretch  road on Clairemont Mesa Blvd. between Doliva Dr. and Shawline is horrible and damaging to cars.
two pot holes at  intersection

comino ruiz between hydra ln and capricorn 6 to 8 potholes and many cracks north and south bound 92126area code
There are a number  potholes on Avati that need to be filled
Sink hole across  entire EB lane.  's been patched but keeps sinking
large pothole right at intersection
Giant pothole
Many sewer manholes on  westbound side from Black Mmountain Rd to Camino Del Sur are sinking creating a dangerous suation.
Pot hole on street . Unable to see  since is up hill.  Intersection ash street and 7th Ave.
There are several que dangerous potholes - and have been for over two months - at  intersection  Park and Universy in Hillcrest.  Also at  intersection  Robinson and Park.  The one at Park and Universy is reminiscent  Rhode Island from whence we came five years ago.   is  Axel challenge size.
Pot hole
Celo drive and woodman
The length  Chateau is just a series  potholes from Mt. Abernathy to Genesee and is a real hazard to drivers and residents.
Street is in bad condion, many potholes.
Pothole in intersection  Newport Ave and Sunset Cliffs Blvd. Also addional potholes in 1900 block  Sunset Cliffs Blvd.
Street is cracked and uneven due to underground. Potential sinkhole.
Pothole in left hand lane under over pass.
Pothole right f   NB Qualcomm Way ex f  Friar's Road
Large pot hole just past  whe line.
There are several severe potholes along Camino Ruiz after  last rain.
Aero Drive & Afton. On Aero westbound in left lane, right after Afton
Entire street fron 61st to 58st
Pot hole right in  middle   lane
Linda Vista & Mesa College Drive.On northbound Linda Vista in right lane at Mesa College Drive intersection
HUGE pothole right f  805. There are a lot  teenage drivers in  area (Madison High School) that can easily lose control.
Potholes on  corner left lane on Hawthorne
Multiple large potholes along pacific highway heading northbound f   5. Potholes are in both lanes.
Pothole 2nd left from  right. Seems like 's getting deeper, eventually someone will loose control
Numerous potholes
Pothole growing, possibly over 4 inches deep
Large 2ftx 2ft pothole wh gravel and soil showing underneath
Deep pothole at  intersection wh Newport on NE bound
all around  rail road tracks re are tons  potholes. both entering and leaving  32nd street naval base.  is not good for motorcycles specifically which many travel through  way. y have been getting worse and worse and especially now wh  rain.
On Camino Santa Fe South from Trade Street to Mira Mar RD re are so many potholes I lost count.
POTHOLE
The entire street is a disgrace cracks , potholes you name 
Pothole westbound lane on Flanders Drive northwest corner at Camino Santa Fe.Thank you.
Multiple potholes creating a safety hazard and a potential for vehicle damage.
Pothole on Hillery Drive at Wesrtonhill Drive.Thank You
There are several large potholes along Clairemont Drive when going up  hill after exing  5 freeway.
There are a number  potholes in  intersection  Sorrento Valley Road and Sorrento Valley Blvd
Very Large pothole in  middle   intersection for traffic going westbound on Sorrento Valley Blvd at Sorrento Valley Road # 1 lane.
Several potholes on Clairemont between Denver and Burgener.
There's been a pothole that gets fix every 6 months and after 1-2 weeks is back. I will start taking pictures  that pothole and many or ones i see daily. There's also sidewalks that need to be fix. I will expose  cy  all  bad streets on  internet, i'm not paying taxes on everything for you guys not to be doing your job. Because  that pothole i got a flat tire, bad suspension.
pothole and curb is sinking
A large rectangular pothole on  east-bound middle lane  Ted Williams Pkwy 100 feet before  light intersection at Shoal Creek.
Many pot holes on Mt. Everest street.  This one is right in front  my house.
4200 to 4600 college ave (needs resurfacing) pot holes, unfinished and uneven roads
On eastbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd, 100-200 yds west  La Cuenta (in Tierrasanta), wicked pothole
Reporting a post hole in our neighborhood.Pot hole at Irving Ave near S Evans st.   Large and deeper than most.That you,
3000 to 3150 Broadway (potholes, uneven pavement, discusting road)
There are at least 25 on  road. The cy attempted to fix one but  fill failed and is back to  way  was.


Two huge potholes in  middle lane  Pac Hwy as you cross over  bridge nearing Washington Street.  The potholes are old, but now due to rain are very deep.
Del Mar Heights Road east  Carmel Country Road is full  potholes on both sides.   gets heavy traffic due to Torrey Pines HS, Cadral Catholic HS and Canyon Crest HS, as well as normal commuting.
El Camino Real south  Del Mar Heights Road and north  Carmel Valley Road is a mess, including  bike lanes (I commute by bike half  time).  This is a busy road wh  police substation and a number  fice buildings.  The stretch north  Del Mar Heights Road was resurfaced a few years back, but  much busier stretch south  Del Mar Heights Road has not been touched.
3 LARGE POTHOLES SB IN SLOW LANE BETWEEN LAUREL AND WEST HAWTHORN
Potholes FROM intersection  Navajo Road and College Avenue TO Navajo Road and Park Ridge Blvd.  Hard to miss or avoid especially if driving from Park Ridge Blvd to College.
There's a big pothole on via de la valle in west bound lane under  highway 5 overpass that needs immediate repair. Drove into  today
This section  street is falling apart and is riddled wh potholes.  is long overdue for resurfacing.
Pothole FROM College Avenue ex (8 East) TO College Avenue and Navajo Road
Potholes FROM Ash and 4th Avenue TO Ash and 2nd Avenue.  Deep potholes and difficult to avoid whout traveling into next lane
Pothole at least 2 feet wide right as you make  left from Hawthorn onto Ketner. Very dangerous!
Huge pot hole in center lane headed north on Grape just past Ketner. Major hazard!
Numerous deep potholes have shown up recently due to  rain season.  Please fix as road hazard exists.  These potholes are on Poblado Road at  base  Tablero Place, San Diego 92127
Potholes all on saturn blvd in front   imperial sands mobile homes on  home depot entrance. Exing home depot shopping center and in front  mobile homes
Potholes
Deep pothole, blew out tire.
Large pot hole in right lane just before Mercedes dealer
Large Pothole on east bound Clairemont Mesa Blvd., just west  La Cuenta.  Pothole is near  center divider.  's a very large pothole--a total wheel-killer.Also, re are numerous smaller potholes along  same stretch  CMBlvd. on  west bound side down  middle between Santo and La Cuenta.Thank You! :-)
Connection at cedar and 1st ave. has rough pot holes.
Eastbound La Jolla Village Drive after Regents and near  walking overpass bridge, re is a large trench from a previous repair that has become a dangerous pothole.   has been re for months so not sure why  still exists.  Thanks.
Street very dangerous potholes down entire street. Have received numerous communy complaints regarding suation. Carlos Lacarra SDPD 619 424 0440
2 lage pot holes on  south Lane  college ave
Pothole in  #2 lane on Ted Williams East just 50 yards south or west  Shoal Creek Rd. Couldn't get a picture due to safety
Very large pothole (approx. 2 feet x 1 foot) in  eastbound lane  Friars Road just before (just west ) Riverdale St.
Multiple potholes inside  crosswalk located on  south side  El Cajon Blvd. at Florida Street. There is a lot  water here too, so a possible leak/ponding suation as well.
Pothole in  right   two left turn lanes heading West.
Right lane on South bound Pomerado road.
Many potholes poway road east  I 15 to poway cy lims
Pothole in right turn lane
East bound lane.  Construction work wasn't fill in properly.  Big dip across several lanes.
Pothole in  southbound #2 lane in  2050-2059 block  Qualcomm Way.
Genesee east  Linda Vista pot holes left lane.
Pothole in  eastbound left turn lane  Washington St at  onramp to SR-163.
Southbound lanes in front   small strip mall
In  intersection  Roselle and  on ramp to south bound interstate five
Huge pothole at  stopsign on Florida and Robinson street. 92104
6 in deep
Northbound in  right lane. Large!
 alleyway behind Desert Spa Apartments is covered in potholes
Intersection  Sorrento Valley Road and Carmel Mountain Road all throughout  intersection. Several potholes.
1 hole just N  Kenyon St NE side street, anor same side  Wing St near Midway. Completely broken thru paving, dirt hole under break. Both holes almost size  5-gal bucket lying on s side.
Potholes in both left turn and right turn lanes near intersection.
pothole in road
A lot  potholes...road needs to be redone
Huge potholes all along harbor drive
Pothole right lane
2 large potholes and a few more down  street toward Mt. Albertine.
Pothole about 2'x1' on Clairemont Mesa Blvd between Antigua Blvd and Santo Road heading east.
The road is filled wh too many pot holes and uneven pavement.
multiple potholes xcreek road intersection
There are several really bad potholes on Genesse Road, right before Linda Vista Rd.
Potholes
PotholeS. Woodman Street before 54West on ramp
On North/East bound Ted Williams Parkway, re is a pothole in  center lane just before  Shoal Creek Drive.  The pothole is about 2 feet wide, and 1 foot long.
So... many... pot holes!

LARGE POTHOLE NEEDS TO BE REPAIRED
Genesse Avenue from Freeway 163 to Linda Vista Rd. Both sides  street has a number  potholes.
5
Large pothole on southbound side. There is no address as  is in-between friars and Ta st.
Big nasty pot hole.
E/B  POTHOLES THRU THE WHOLE BLOCK
AS YOU EXIT THE 5 FREEWAY, AND DRIVE UP THE HILL ON "CLAIREMONT", THERE ARE A LOT OF SMALL POTHOLES, FROM THIS AREA UP TO THE POST OFFICE... SOME GOT FILLED, BUT THEN AGAIN, ANOTHER RAIN CYCLE WASHED OUT MORE...
Pot holes by stop sign
EAST BOUND THRU THE WHOLE BLOCK
POTHOLE @ INTERSECTION
There was a pothole in  middle   street, right before we made a right on  stoplight onto deep dell road.
Alleyway between 4600 Arizona  Street and 4600 Hamilton Street is in extremely bad condion.  95%  alley is damage and becoming not only un-drivable, but hazardous to pedestrians.
Potholes
On  south bound side  70th street about 50ft before El Cajon re is a fairly deep pothole.
On  west side  Boundary Street re is a sink hole
potholes on  ramp from 94 east to  15 north. extremely bad.
many, deep potholes on Georgia Street,  ones in front  my house at 4439 Georgia street has been patched many times but never repaired.  Cy Streets dammed up an area to  right  my driveway which now keeps  water in my driveway. The sidewalk apron has been undermined by  standing water.  Each time I complain, a truck comes out, spreads out some asphalt and leaves.  2 days later  asphalt is cracked.  Luckily no one has yet fallen but 's just a matter  time.  The intersection at Park and Mission is ALWAYS flooded.  The alley between Mission and Meade between Georgia & Florida is ten flooded due to an illegal car detailing business being run out  a garage at 4427 Georgia.  Enormous amounts  water are wasted daily.
Huge pothole in  middle lane, heading towards  5 freeway on Grape Street, San Diego CA 92101. Almost busted my tire since  was dark and I could not see .
There is a large, 2x3 foot, by 1 foot deep pothole at  intersection (loring st and Fanuel st in North Pacific beach). Very dangerous for motorcyclists in  dark as well as cars.
The entire overpass is covered in potholes and forming potholes.
Intersection  Camino Ruiz and Mira Mesa Blvd going west in  crosswalk farst west
There are several potholes on Harbor Island Drive from Marina Cortez toward both Sheraton hotels on  south side toward  light at Harbor Island Drive.
Right as you turn left onto 94w ramp from broadway
West bound just before  southbound 5 entrance ramp and in  middle   southbound 5 ex into via de la valle
South bound lane  Santo next to crosswalk, 's a pretty significant hole.  wasn't re prior to  rain.
large pot hole in south bound lane between Ta Street and Friars Road

Southbound number 2 lane
Southbound #2 lane
Multiple pot holes located on Pacific HwySan Diego, CA  92101, before W. Washington St San Diego CA 92101.
SEVERAL POTHOLES ON W. PT LOMA BETWEEN SUNSET CLIFFS AND CABLE ST
There's several potholes at  corner  Hawthorn and Kettner.  When taking a left from Hawthorn onto Kettner,  is very difficult to avoid m.
Pothole at intersection on Executive Way and La Jolla Village Drive in  right hand turn lane when heading south and turning right onto La Jolla Village drive.
Adams/Madison Ex from 805 South. Pot hole in  right turn lane at  stop sign
Westbound Balboa at Convoy Intersection. Right Lane just before  crosswalk
Pothole: 1' by 2.5'
LARGE POTHOLE LOCATED RIGHT AT THE INTERSECTION
POTHOLES  WESTBOUND
Pothole

POTHOLE
BEHIND IN ALLEY POTHOLE
Bike lane + street torn up despe previous repairs
Two BIG potholes on Via capri near Senn and eastbound to La Jolla scenic south
The lower part  Zion Avenue is one big pothole.  The condion   street is deplorable.   I inquired approximately 3 years ago asking when  street was going to be resurfaced and was told soon.    has yet to be done.
Intersection  Clairemont Mesa Blvd & Antigua Rd. (Including ped. Crosswalks) chewed up wh missing patch-work torn away. A 3-4+ inch chunk  asphalt was knocked out  pothole just seconds before  picture.
Large harsh dip. Full width  lane.
Pothole on  right lane  Harbor Drive going south right under a traffic light.
Pot hole intersection Clairemont mesa blvd and convoy st
LARGE POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION



Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
This strip  Balboa Ave (6500 Block) intersect wh Cannington Dr (4200 Block) - Potholes and loose rocks flying in  air. Please fix. Thank you.
Pothole(s) in  left lane in just f  6th/Universy 163 ex.
2 big potholes in  eastbound lanes
There are potholes on mainly  east bound side  jade coast all  way until  turns into Lipscomb. There around around 30 or 40 I'd say.
Large pothole about 4 feet long
Multiple pot holes large about 5
Multiple large potholes
Huge potholes at Universy and Park Boulevard.
Huge pothole in right lane at stoplight   ex ramp
Pothole. From construction.
Entire Clairemont Mesa Blvd is torn apart.  needs to have major attention and be fixed. You can see weeds growing in cracks and potholes getting bigger by  minute. Loose rocks flying in  air. Please fix. Thank you.
MAJOR pothole
Pothole getting bigger on corner  Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Doliva Dr.Please fix. Thank you.
Two pot holes developing near 2509 Arnott
Multiple pothole and pavement failure between Pinecrest and Polland.
Pothole in  right-most lane.
Pothole on east-bound Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Multiple potholes/paving failures in #1 lane Eb and Wb Aero drive. Long standing issue.
The entire block  Barnard street starting at Bob Street is filled wh dozens  potholes.  The street was always bumpy but following  large construction   Dylan apartments,  street is torn up from end to end from  construction trucks.
Large pothole on south-bound Santo Road near high school (if I remember correctly, 's just as you're entering  intersection).
The pothole problem on Wabaska after  recent storm has gotten out  control.  Unfortunatately on Saturday, January 7th I was unable to avoid a newly formed large pothole half way between Voltaire and Nimz and managed to blow out my two left tires.  I was very lucky no one was hurt but really don't appreciate  $300 repair bill.  PLEASE fix  street,  has been in ill-repair for years now and is such a sad se.
Whole street  Chateau St.
HUGE  pot hole at  light in front  Serra High School.
My Henry going So has so many pot holes and chunks  pavement 's hard to avoid m!!!
Chateau drive has a bunch  pothole.  is hard to drive
Large deep pothole
Pothole
The street on  left side   encanto park have be reported for years on how bad  street is,and nothing have been done, y send  street workers to work on every or street in encanto but that one.  cost us a lot  money for flat tires to front end alignments.. And also re needs to put a stop sign or a light at  bottom   hill on Madera turning left cause no one yield re y run and don't yield at all.
Pothole
They are a lot  holes on  curve and  or day almost fell down because I was driving my motorcycle and almost loose  balance do to  holes.
El Camino real between Del Mar heights and half mile drive.  Northbound. Tons  big potholes
Friars road, behind  trolley station on Morena Blvd have a pothole. Also re are some potholes on Morena Blvd underneath  bridge to get onto  8 east ramp. More potholes along Ingraham St and Grand Ave.
There are several huge pothole on 1874?2398 N Harbor Dr San Diego,  92101 going towards  USS midway right before Hawthorrn street  all  way to Grape street on N Haror BLVD. se pothole caused $500 damage to my car and se have been re for two weeks! Please fix ASAP.
Giant pothole
Please smooth over Zion between Waring and Mission Gorge... Countless pot holes
Large pothole in middle  intersection.

Southbound Navajo rd before Margerum
Pot holes on clairmont going east but west  Santo
Deep pothole,  small pothole on google images has now increased s size
POT-HOLES yes Potholes on Montezuma Rd going eastbound, from Fairmount Ave to Collwood Blvd. 3  m deep enough to cause car damage. They are on BOTH lanes. How many reports do we need to subm to get se fixed? There's been potholes on  street for 4 weeks now.
Clairemont Mesa Blvd in Tierrasanta between Santo Road and DePortola Driveway has numerous potholes on both  south side east bound and north side west bound. A few are big enough to have caused damage to vehicles ors are smaller but going to get bigger wh  next rain storm. Bring lots  asphalt! Thank you. Yvonne Vslenzuela, Tierrasanta Resident.
Dairy Mart turns into Monument Road. Pothole on  curve.
Undriveable pothole. So large you cannot drive over  anymore.
Large pot hole in  center lane on  east side  Ted Williams Parkway after coming over  15 freeway going east before  first signal
Several large potholes in west bound left turn lane.
Large pothole traveling east on clairmont Mesa blvd between Antigua blvd and santo road. Lots  potholes on  street. Worst is  last one as you get close to santo rd. I blew out a tire and my shock exploded!
Pot hole
Large pothole about  size  a hubcap right in middle  street going westbound.
Pothole about 100 ft before  light at 70th and El Cajon Blvd
Pothole
Just drove by Montezuma Rd going east. Wow que a few potholes here. Please fix
Headed east. Close to foot deep, foot wide. Pops tires.
Hi There,     There entire stretch  35th between Monroe and Madison in Normal Heights is just awful --  goes far beyond a few potholes. Seems that whole stretch needs to be redone. Strange, too, because  surrounding blocks are great, especially south  Monroe.
Several large potholes on  road going both ways.
2 large potholes in  center land going West on Balboa, between Charger and Rias
POTHOLES GOING EAST BOUND
Pothole
Que a few potholes in  left lane and  middle lane from  15 on ramp to Shoal Creek Dr on Ted Williams Parkway
Massive pothole in  lefthand turn lane at  Nimz/W Point Loma Blvd intersection. Pothole is located under  car in  image.
Multiple pot holes at  intersection  Robinson and Florida streets in North Park. Addionally  surface on Robinson street east  Florida leading into  apartments os extremely uneven.
Long stretch  potholes
On Grape Street between California and India, pothole is on center lane


Construction broke into  concrete and now re is a hole in  ground which y haven't yet filled and 's been over a week since y finished.
Maybe 15" wide and 12" deep, in intersection, in East bound fast lane.  's a killer, worst I've seen in neighborhood.
Large wide pothole on northbound side  PQ Blvd near McDonalds.
Two potholes along Via de la Valle in  right lane going west past Whole Foods and before Valley Avenue.
Large potholes right at entrance  Excalibur and Towne center
6-inch wide crack expanding in middle  street
On  downhill side  Presidio Drive, in front   Presidio, re are several bad potholes.
There are currently several very large and deep potholes on Via De La Valle under  freeway overpass and near  onramp and framp as  1/10/17.
Chain  potholes in intersection.
Large pothole in  center lane. Approximately 3 to 4 ft wide. This pothole is in  lanes going west right after  805 highway past  light on  intersection  Balboa and charger Blvd.
Series  potholes down  middle   southbound lanes, a full stretch  rosf
Potholes along Eastbound lanes before Left Turn Signal
Fairmount Ave., south  Montezuma northbound side.
Several potholes in  left lane b/t Santo Road and Antigua Blvd heading WB (towards I-15). Dangerous!
Multiple large potholes between 805 and genesee on westbound balboa. Center lane is particularly bad.
Pothole in street
Major pothole between I-15 South framp and Paseo Montril, on  North side  Rancho Penasquos Blvd
Large area  southbound lane has large cracks, wh a pothole in  middle. Perfectly placed to h if turning left from Calico onto Parkdale, which I do twice a day now because Flanders is ruined wh construction.
Pot holes through out  whole street.
There are 10 huge potholes!!! Please come and take a look s getting very DANGEROUS re are too many close calls as trucks try to avoid potholes which is now practically IMPOSSIBLE
Pothole at  Tommy Dr. and Bisby Lake, Dr. Just east   intersection.
Pothole right before traffic light on Kemper and Midway
Multiple potholes and chewed up street.  Stretch  Rancho Carmel between Carmel Mountain Rd and  Ted Williams Parkway.  Horrible to drive down
Pot hole a few feet from entrance to  15 free way on 32nd st
Several huge potholes on east bound lane  airway. Potholes so large, drivers are starting to drive on  wrong side  street to avoid hting and damaging car. 's only a matter  time before a accident happens.
Large potholes up and down San deguo! Can't miss m!
big pothold in front  my garage on  street which I h every time i enter and ex my home.
There are multiple potholes on Clairemont Mesa Blvd that goes on to  freeway ex 805 south.
Large pot hole in  left lane, immediately after  right turn from Genesee onto Linda Vista. Anor one is shortly after that.
Deep and large pothole
About 10-15 large cracks and 3-4 pot holes on  section  Owen east  Rosecrans towards  bay.
Uneven pavement/pothole on Broadway when travelling east, just past 30th st.
bump in street in eastbound direction on C st, just past 30th st.
Large pot hole left lane going north from Miramar road at  bottom   hill.
Ridge across left northbound lane  santo.  Approx 3 inches high.
On  right turn from paseo montalban onto Carmel mtn
In  left, northbound lane  Park Blvd., just north  Robinson Ave., re is a significant pothole/sharp dip that routinely contacts  driver-side wheels  traffic, sometimes doing damage.  Thank you for repairing ! We don't want to damage our vehicles furr.
Pothole on  North-West bound, far right lane  Camino Ruiz going towards Mira Mesa Boulevard.
Several potholes and rippled asphalt in  northbound slow lane  Camino Ruiz.
Pothole right at  start   onramp from mission center Rd. going to friars by  Shell station.
All  Genesse Ave is riddled wh potholes
There are large potholes and cracks up and down  street. Street needs to be re-paved.
Throughout intersection and surrounding area

Whole street is undrivable due to excessive potholes
Too many potholes in one street
Large pothole in intersection
No cy lights between Polk and El Cajon Blvd
pothole

Potholes on Ted Williams and Shoal creek going East
Large pothole at taylor and ex from 8 west
Potholes
Several large potholes on both sides   road

Cars going over get flat tiresGetting larger  is a busy street
Taylor Street 8 west  bound f ramp on South side  freeway
Large and deep pothole. Can cause damage to vehicles.
Going north on Afton Rd pothole on  lane. Oppose  light green utily box
Appears re is water under  street?  Everything else was dry.  Closest to 4313 Cleveland Ave.  maybe  has already been reported-some kind  tag is present.  If so, feel free to close my report.  Thank you.
Hole opened up associated wh recent pipe work. About a foot long and eight inches wide.
Oppose  green grass open area on  corner...several potholes near  intersection going south on Afton Rd
Pothole. On ex ramp Hwy 56 east exing onto Carmel Country Road. About eighteen inches long and a foot wide.
Several potholes and loose gravel
Bad potholes are all up and down flanders.






2 potholes






Numerous potholes.

The entire road leading in to Poway

Numerous potholes here.


  drive in window re is a pothole that continues to get bigger.

Pothole going southbound right lane .Genesee Ave a block away has more potholes intersection between Linda Vista Road and Genesee Ave

















Large Pot Holes




WB Balboa #3 lane
Pothole
Huge pothole at  beginning   street near lincoln high



2-3 Large potholes on  start   ex ramp going from west mission bay drive to eastbound sea world dr.

Large potholes at entrance to Costco driveway.


4 huge potholes
Potholes on both sides  Aero Dr and y are bad. When are you going to fix?
many large and deep potholes as well as long stretches  "alligator skin" ruts and cracks.  from Morena almost all  way up to Moraga Ave.
There's been a bunch  potholes here for a couple years.

A bunch  potholes going north on Pacific Hwy after  last bout  rains.
2 really deep pot holes on  corner  ulric and Linda vista rd. Really hard to avoid even when you do see m
Camino Santa for and Flanders near  apartment homes sign
Large and numerous potholes on Greyling Dr on both north and south bond lanes between Pinecrest Ave Raejean Ave
There is a significantly large pothole located at Hotel Circle South & Taylor Street West Ramp.  This particular pothole has been repaired several times throughout 2016 wh  repairs only lasting less than a month.  I suggest accepting bids from a qualified contractor or don't use union labor.
The entire street  Ridgehaven Ct. between Ruffin and Viewridge Ave is ltered wh potholes and has been for a few years. There are so many that  is hard to avoid m as you drive east on Ridgehaven Ct. towards  Sheriff's Dept. Please fix m!!
The street has many potholes. The cy came in and did construction and left  road very uneven. The rain has made  much worse and difficult to drive over.
Pothole on onramp
Poway Road is in serious need  repair.  Multiple potholes running  entire stretch  road from Cy  Poway boundary to  east and highway 15  to  west.
Construction trenching in  Bay Park Streets  San Diego buy  underground work and improper back filling and patching have destroyed our streets please fix m now
Potholes!!!!

The road from  56 all  way down to Carmel Mountain Road is full  potholes, going both north and south.
Pothole in intersection

Huge pothole in center lane  eastbound Ted Williams Pkwy just west  Shoal Creek Dr.
Potholes on westbound Balboa Ave near right shoulder

Large pot hole eastbound from college in  east bound lane.
A few Potholes at  intersection
Huge pothole on  left turn lane to Groton St
This entire road has potholes
Large deep hole on eastbound lane in  intersection  Loring and Fanuel.
Potholes eastbound on Grand
Deep pothole, large enough to damage wheel rim.In left eastbound lane  Rosecrans just east  Laning Road.
Potholes along ese  drainage swale in  road. North side  intersection
Almost  entire length  Barnard from Bob Street to Basilone Street is damaged.(Primarily from construction trucks working to build new condominiums on Barnard.) is almost impossible to avoid hting  potholes eir by car or by bicycle.Very dangerous!
Pothole in  center   street
Pothole on bike path, 's been re for as long as i can remember. I've fallen into  once when I wasn't paying attention. Please fill !
A long chunk  asphalt is missing alongside  curb on  corner house leading to Dunholme and Weschester
Small potholes and slightly deep cracks on  asphalt entry way to  Wangenheim Middle School main parking lot. This problem is on  intersection  Weschester and Dunholme.
There's a pothole in  intersection  Park Blvd and Robinson Ave. When heading north on Park,  pothole is on  far side   intersection (between Trust Restaurant and  parking lot for Millard's Fur Service), in  left lane, near  center line.  looks like perhaps part   asphalt has sunk down, so cars enter  gradually and n *thunk!* h  far side   abruptly. 's pretty jolting. Thanks for your help to fill !!
Asphalt is breaking up and needs repair
There is a large apexed pothole abutting a Cy Manhole.  Residents have reported  as Dangerous, due to  need to swerve around  on a narrow 2 lane road.  Above  Pothole, going up Romero Drive,  general road condions worsen.
Multiple potholes
Potholes at  intersections  Rosecrans and Midway; Rosecrans and Sports Arena, and Rosecrans and Kurtz.
potholes in intersection  carmel mountain rd and sorrento valley road
This whole section   road is a mess please help us here. This is a heavily trafficked road wh large cy trucks and to say  least I actually had a broken axel due to  road.
Pothole in  middle   road( going west)
LRG POTHOLE IOF ADDRESS
POTHOLES ALL OVER CALLE CUMBRE AND MORNINGSIDE ST
There are multiple potholes on Ganesta Road south   intersection wh Schneple Drive.
There is a one foot wide pothole in  middle   intersection  Sorrento Valley Blvd and Sorrento Valley Road.
Chateau Drive is in a state  almost complete disrepair. Particularly from  intersection wh Lyrics Lane to Mt. Abernathy Avenue. Driving in  lane is extremely hazardous to cars, and I have wnessed many driving swerving into  oncoming lane to avoid massive holes and cracks.
Potholes everywhere! our street and  streets around  area are deteriorating! Please use my tax money to fix our roads!!!!!!!

Pot hole at  stop sign
Pothole,  right lane
Pothole
HUGE CRATER  3 inches deep at  bottom   ramp as you approach  5 north
Multiple potholes around  intersection  Florida St and Robinson Ave on Florida St, when you head in both directions  Florida St.
Multiple extensive potholes on Pacific Highway, starting from  5 North Freeway f-ramp onto Pacific Highway, continuing down Pacific Hwy past SPAWAR.  Also multiple extensive potholes on Pacific Highway starting from in front  SPAWAR towards  5 South Freeway on-ramp and on Pacific Hwy starting from SPAWAR to Washington Street.
On Southbound Florida, 10 feet south  El Cajon, large 12" wide by 3" deep hole.
Multiple extensive potholes along Midway Drive in both directions between Barnett and Rosecrans.
Concrete street patches wh asphalt?  And poorly done.  Some parts are "falling in"
Pothole.  2' x 3'
Southbound Florida at Robinson, by  stop sign at robinson. Large pothole 12 inch wide by 3 inch deep.
Heading West just past  15 freeway you will see a very large Pot Hole...I don't recall how far down  road but you will see  before  Bernardo Center Dr. Light.  ALSO, re is a SECOND pot hole on Camino Del Norte...in  TURNING Lane to go LEFT or West on Bernardo Center drive....so 2 are very large and are causing cars to swerve last minute and almost h cars
There is a large pot hole on Camino Del Norte going West just before  Bernardo Center Drive cross street.   is located in  LEFT turning lane.
Pothole
POTHOLE IN FRONT OF DRIVEWAY
A couple that had been previously filled but are back again and getting bigger.
Bad pothole
Pothole

Big mess  a hole on  south east  corner as you turn right onto bernardo center dr.
Extensive potholing and/or pavement deterioration
There is a pothole on Wing Street near  intersection  Midway drive.  Northbound lane, near  Shell Gas Station
ramp from 94 east to 805 north has been increasingly deteriorating. multiple potholes makes  unsafe to maneuver  ramp
Pothole at SE corner  10th and B Street.

The road has been filled wh potholes and pretty unusable for more than a year. There is some construction activy that has started in  last few months on Regents road between eastgate mall and genesee ave. But  road is extremely poor condion on parts where no construction is happening as well like between eastgate mall and executive drive driving towards la jolla village dr.
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT PARKDALE
Potholes on  on ramp heading 15north from  94east bound.
Pot hole
POTHOLES
Large Pot hole
Multiple potholes on street  residence and Emerson/Bandini Elementary school
The street heading west on Via De La Valle west from  5 freeway has many large pot holes in  and is in need  repair.
all kinds  potholes s unreal how long  has been an issue on Broadway near Madera and all along 69th street.
Eastbound east  traffic circle
Eastbound right side  lane
Sorrento Valley Rd. from  corner  Sorrento Valley blvd. and Sorrento Valley Rd. and North along Sorrento Valley Rd. have many large pot holes and is in need  repair.
Intersection  Nautilus St and Avenida Maana La Jolla. Pothole on  eastbound lane.
Numerous potholes both lanes  Camino Santa Fe between Carroll Rd and Miramar Rd.Thank you.
Just south   La Jolla Mesa Drive and Cottontail intersection in  middle   street. The asphalt is in terrible condion in  middle   street when coming from  South on La Jolla Mesa Drive and turning left onto Cottontail. Has been reported numerous times over  past 2 years. Nothing done.
Right hand lane  2 left turning lanes heading west on Camino Del Norte turning left onto Bernardo Center Drive has a pothole that is huge.
Pothole north lane  Armstrong St at Batista St.Thank you.
Potholes on Mt Aguilar Drive between Auburndale St and Mt Albertine Ave
Giant one, wh smaller ones on  same street
Westbd, no.1 lane near center island, at traffic light, large number  potholes, some very deep
westbd, no 1 lane, large number  holes between Groton St and Barnard St
Deep wheel damaging pothole. In left turn lane on Camino del Norte west turning on to bernardo center drive
Pothole westbound lane  Ashford St near Batista St.Thank you
Pothole in southbound lane  Parkdale Ave between Gold Coast Drive and Flanders Drive.Thank you
Pothole e/b.  Been re for two weeks now.  People even driving around .  Many more in that section  Hillery w/b
On  corner  Linda Vista Rd and Genesee
There is a sink hole developing in  southbound lane between Meade and El Cajon Blvd.
Large pothole at entrance  Upland Street (middle section) and numerous potholes throughout street, please repair multiple holes. Thanks in advance for your help wh  matter that is causing damage to our vehicles and have a good day.
intersection  Mesa College and Linda Vista right by a dentist fice.. Going north from Linda Vista to Convoy  pothole is in  right lane.

By Curb near Starbucks
ENTIRE WESTBOUND ROAD NEEDS REPAVING!!!!Cracks and potholes everywhere!Very unsafe!Couldn't take pics because I was driving
12"  Asphalt hole  Eastbound lane  PB Drive  just East  Dawes
Two medium sized potholes and several small ones nearby
Large pothole in  middle   Sorrento Valley Parkway and Sorrento Valley Blvd intersection.
There is a huge pothole on  left hand lane   universy avenue ex when you get f  163 south.
Not necessarily a pothole but a very badly done job to repair asphalt. Looks like y just poured asphalt and didn't bor to make even or smooth, causing cars to unnecessarily slow down. This is in front   Cfee Bean on south bound Front St.
Potholes down centerline  right lane and cracks into  left lane
Potholes down centerline  right lane and cracks into  left lane
Southbound lanes like a slalom course  potholes
Potholes down centerline  right lane and cracks into  left lane
big potholes along Flanders drive in front  8545 Flanders Drive
Carmax
Gargantuan CRATER on  west bound lane, you can't miss  one among all  ors  one has a phone cable exposed. 's a beauty.
Several deep potholes and many small potholes on Clairemont Mesa Blvd. in between intersection at Convoy St. and Diane Ave.
In front   left turn lane on South bound Convoy Street
pothole in  right hand lane  Rancho Carmel Drive near s intersection wh Carmel Mountain Road
pothole in  right hand lane just north   traffic light at  Post Office driveway
Large pothole right as  ex lane spls from  highway.
pothole in  left lane northbound on Carmel Mountain Road between Rancho Carmel Drive and Camino Del Norte
Pothole on 28th in  intersection  C and 28th just past stop sign going north on 28th
Pothole near southwest corner  that 4 way stop is getting bigger by  day looks like a possible sinkhole
pot holes
POTHOLE

large pothole at intersection

Numerous Asphalt Potholes:  N Bound Camino Ruiz between Hydra & Aquarius
Right lane
HUGE CRATERS on  east and west bound lanes  Poway rd west    San Diego cy line. This road needs to be repaved 's dangerous to be dodging all se potholes
Large potholes in  northbound #2 lane  El Camino Real between Half Mile Dr and Quarter Mile Dr. The computer prompts  as  14300 block, but  street signs show  as  13100-13499 block  El Camino Real.
Potholes in  southbound #2 lane in  13400 block  El Camino Real. The computer displays  as  14300 block, but  street signs show  as  13499-13100 block  El Camino Real.
EB Balboa to SB convoy
Fairmont south between Aldine & Montezuma. There is a very BIG pothole in  right lane.
Potholes
Potholes
Two new small potholes in pavement that was repaved just two years ago, if you get m now, y won't grow and wreck  good pavement around m. One is just after  first stop sign on Riviera after you turn onto Riviera from Ingraham heading north,  second is just before  third stop sign just down  street.
2' pothole on Dawes between Diamond and Emerald.
35th street between Monroe and Madison Many potholes. Huge
THIS ONE IS  A DUESY  has wires sticking out   on west bound lane
Two potholes in crosswalk.
Pothole in crosswalk  east-bound Clairemont Mesa Blvd (at Antigua)
Huge deep pothole on Rosecrans just past Laning heading away from Pt Loma, inside lane
Deep pothole on westbound W. Point Loma Boulevard at Groton.   is suated on  inside lane.  The thing is REALLY deep.
Pothole on western side  street and asphalt cracking near 4 way stop at New Salem st.  .
from mission center road going north, large pothole on ramp turning right onto friars east
There's a pot hole on  left lane  Camino Del Norte as you are turning left towards Bernardo Center Dr., in  direction  Deerwood Apartments.
Over 30 pot holes in alley,  reported last year and cy came out to fill up some potholes.  's getting pretty bad again.  Pls do long term fix.
huge pothole on Linda vista road at Mesa College Dr.  before  Gas Station headed north.
Potholes  entire length   street
Potholes  entire length   street
Deep pothole across from 1717 Zeller St
Multiple potholes in far right hand lane from northbound mercury to eastbound balboa
Numerous potholes along northbound Morena Blvd. between Clairemont Drive and Balboa Ave.
recurring pothole f  5 north freeway ex
Numerous potholes and severely damaged street on Kleefeld in Clairemont
pothole right before 42nd st street light on market st
Big pothole that's growing on  ex to Qualcomm way from friars road heading west.
Big deep pothole
There is a foot and half wide hole just before turning left and into Bernardo Center Drive. The intersection is Bernardo Center Drive and Camino De Norte. The hole wasn't re before and ever since we had h   or day  power steering has gone out and s now super hard to turn  wheel.
There is a foot and half wide hole just before turning left and into Bernardo Center Drive. The intersection is Bernardo Center Drive and Camino De Norte. The hole wasn't re before and ever since we had h   or day  power steering has gone out and s now super hard to turn  wheel.
There is a foot and half wide hole just before turning left and into Bernardo Center Drive. The intersection is Bernardo Center Drive and Camino De Norte. The hole wasn't re before and ever since we had h   or day  power steering has gone out and s now super hard to turn  wheel.
Large pothole in left lane
since  recent rains, re are Many terrible potholes throughout  intersection.  Didnt count m all, but over 6 and many are Deep!
There is a foot and half wide hole just before turning left and into Bernardo Center Drive. The intersection is Bernardo Center Drive and Camino De Norte. The hole wasn't re before and ever since we had h   or day  power steering has gone out and s now super hard to turn  wheel.
There is a foot and half wide hole just before turning left and into Bernardo Center Drive. The intersection is Bernardo Center Drive and Camino De Norte. The hole wasn't re before and ever since we had h   or day  power steering has gone out and s now super hard to turn  wheel.
POTHOLE
Potholes on Clairmont  drive and Natchez Ave alleyThere sink holes..ruining   car and tires. Who is responsible ?
Potholes
Many potholes on both sides  streets, east and west on Genesee Ave.All  way down to 2700 block  Cardinal Rd. 's a very busy area that is used by people  all hours going to Sharp Hospal ER and or medical facilies in  area. Cars drive around  potholes and cause cars to run into each or
Square pot hole on  right lane. My right tire got damaged over .
Morningside St has very bad pot holes that's exsisted for over 10 years that needs to be repaired ASAP!!!...To many holes to photograph!...
Right lane square pot hole, before Ulric and linda vista rd.
1 foot hole in westbound traffic next to AutoZone
Pothole in intersection
Jade coast drive riddled wh potholes from Camino Ruiz to San Ramon dr.
On West bound Balboa Ave. prior to and at Cannington Dr. are two very deep potholes. Avoiding se could cause an accident as y are in  middle   middle lane.
P/H
There is a large pothole located at 6455 La Jolla Boulevard going north on  right side near  30 NTS Bus Stop # 12594.  This is a hazard for buses, bus riders and bicyclist.  Addionally re is also a bump in  pavement, probably from a tree root, that could cause a bicyclist to crash.  Request se areas be corrected.  This area is in front   Villa La Jolla Condominiums.
westbound 8770 gold coast drive big jarring pothole
westbound 9176 three seasons road a pothole and right next to pothole a deep indentation
Very large pothole. 28" wide 3" deep
  stop light turning left on Qualcomm under friars ~ largest pothole I ever seen ~
Pothole in  Ocean Air Recreation Center entrance
Next Arco gas station
On Mount Aguilar Dr., between Auburndale Ave. and Mount Albertine Ave., re are about six or seven large and deep potholes that could damage motorists' car suspensions and tires.   Need immediate attention.
Huge hole in  middle   road
Potholes up and gown Hillary street from Black mountain road until Mira Mesa high school
In  cross section going west on Mira Mesa blvd. re has always been a huge dip where cars will scrape if going over quickly. Now re is a huge! Pot hole. Which popped my tire!! Icould not get a image because 's late and night and a lot  cars driving through  busy road.
large pothole across from wells fargo bank
There are several cracks/holes in  stretch  road. The pavement seems uneven and full  cracks.
POT HOLE IN ST SOUTH OF VIA ALICANTE
Pothole on manhole cover
Bunch  potholes
Full street wh huge potholes
Dangerous potholes
Several potholes in westbound lanes on balboa just before and after  intersection wh MT Albertine.
Dangerous potholes that can damage tires
Pothole in Eastbound lane  Genesee under  163 overpass.  A very large and previously filled pothole is breaking and opening up.  Already large and being made larger by buses daily.
Potholes in both lanes on Genesee in southbound lanes.
Pothole left lane

2 potholes on westbound Aero Dr between Sandrock Rd and Aero Ct in  left lane.
Large pot hole
Pot holes  size  a craterYou guys must react before something tragic happens
The road between Osler and  163 is really bad. Both directions. Lots  potholes and extremely rough road.
Potholes (2) on Linda Vista Rd.    Heading south (=west side) on Linda Vista, just north  Ulrich, re are 2 sharply defined potholes, which can do serious tire damage to tires like mine ( kind you can't patch).  Thank you.
Deep potholes on Chateau Drive from Mt. Abernathy on  east - wb to Genesee on  west, in both lanes.
west bound on W. Point Loma Blvd., left lane before crossing Groton St., very deep pothole needs to be filled please.
There are two potholes in a row but  looks like more are forming.  They are along where a trench was dug and n filled and repaved for  Water/Wastewater pipe replacement in  last few years.  Perhaps you can require  pipe replacement contractor to pay for  potholes to be repaired.The address is approximate as re are no buildings in that block.
Pothole on ulric
The west bound lane has a pot hole.
Pothole
Pothole
Large pothole in left lane
Three potholes on La Jolla Village Drive, in  right hand turn lane from Torrey Pines Road.Here are  coordinates - https://www.google.com/maps/place/32%C2%B052'12.4%22N+117%C2%B014'32.5%22W/@32.870126,-117.242923,19z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x0!8m2!3d32.870126!4d-117.242369?hl=en
Two potholes in driveway for  middle school.
Pothole
WB balboa
HUGE POTHOLE!!!
Very bad pot hole, deep and big.  Going East on Clairemont Mesa at Kearny Villa.  Lanes are narrow.  Cannot avoid.  Bottomed out.
Pothole
Pothole has opened again.
Pothole
Pot hole on street going west bound, right before  light.
Potholes
Pothole in  middle   intersection.
Pothole in EB lane

Alley is filled wh potholes
Most   street is a pothole.  is hard to drive on  street and  creates issues for cars

Many potholes, some very large, in between  Number 1 lane and just before  Left Turn Lane on westbound Friars Rd.

Many potholes on 1st Avenue between Laurel and Maple.
Many potholes on Upas Street between Boundary and 30th.
Large hole and getting larger wh  rain.  Located in  left turning lane on Harbor Drive headed south at Schley.
Pothole
5 large potholes on west-bound Balboa between Hathaway and Mt. Rias
Pothole. Pioneer Park parking lot.
Potholes all along  street especially next to Vons.
Ruts and potholes
2 huge potholes at intersection

Broken out chunks  concrete that shift considerably when driving over m in a car. Worried one may eventually pop out and do a lot  damage!
There are two potholes in direct succession  each or on  west-bound side   bridge over  805 onto Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Lots  potholes on clairemont mesa blvd east bound btw doliva and 805 overpass
Pothole under pacific coast highway
So many potholes on apple tree drive that y don't f in one photo!

Large potholes at  intersection  and 3 more in front  .
Pot by curbline and bus stop across from Panda Express
In  slow lane  Genesee Avenue 75ft South  Mt. Etna.
Corner  Balboa Avenue, West at Genesee in  slow lane
large pothole in  middle  intersection
One large pothole (2W x 1D) and several smaller potholes between Grand and Reed.
Two large potholes in front  11202 Ganesta Road.
Several Large deep potholes
There is a pothole in  right turn lane  Carmel Mountain Road onto Vista Sorrento Pkwy going south. There is anor pothole on Visa Sorrento Pkwy immediately after  turn as well.
Pot holes in front  Arco Gas / Ulric
Pot hole on Biola Av between Katella  & Alosta
Numerous deep potholes, rough asphalt, sagging asphalt in  middle   intersection.
Big pot hole left lane South bound in intersection
Huge pothole going into gurnard street
Pot hole in  north bound lane on College Blvd north   8 freeway
Pot hole at  corner  College Ave and Del Cerro Blvd
Large pothole
There are several good size, deep potholes in  left lane  westbound Sea World Drive just before you get to  Sunset Cliffs bridge heading into Ocean Beach.  Please fix se.
Pothole in middle  road causing traffic to swerve into cross traffic

There is a fairly large and deep pothole in  crosswalk in front   wheelchair ramp on  south west corner  Park Blvd and Howard Ave where  Chevron gas station is. The Universy Heights Public Library is across  street from re and many patrons get f  bus re to come in, including patrons in wheelchairs. They are nervous about getting stuck in  pothole, especially because  is filled wh water after  rains and y can't tell how deep  is.
The entire road should be resuraced and  manhole covers should be made flush wh street, north and south directions from Genesee to LJ Village Dr.
The entire road, east and west should be resurfaced.  Full  potholes !
2x4 POTHOLE
Pothole Middle lane
Several pot holes in  middle  street
Large pothole at lights for 15s onramp middle lane
Pothole galore
Pothole growing
Pothole. Entire street  Zion between Mission Gorge and Waring needs repaving.
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes at  STOP sign (going SOUTH) from Airway Road and becomes Old Otay Mesa Rd, potholes are on  crosswalk.
From  15 to  end  Clairemont Mesa Boulevard. Many pot holes. Some 8 to 34 inches wide and 2 to 4 inches deep. Most   from Utilies put in  street n not inspected right.
medium pothole on  southwest corner  cesar chavez parkway and harbor drive
Right in  middle   intersection
On  south side   street.  This is a very old one that everyone hates!

Pretty much all  Tierrasanta Blvd in that region is full  potholes and street damages.
Deep pothole 100 yards ahead  onramp to 805S
Multiple potholes that have caused damage to many vehicles already.
Pothole
Multiple dangerously deep potholes in middle  road surface causing vehicles to swerve and brake suddenly on several blocks ob Balboa St
around 2 dozen pot holes whin two blocks   address.
Pothole
Pothole
Multiple pot holes both sides  road between santo and Antigua blvd
Multiple pot holes both sides  street convoy and clairemont mesa
Several deep potholes have developed in front  my address and many more whin 2 blocks on Capricorn Way
There is a pothole in my neighborhood.  in  middle   road mainly on Madison going eastbound and westbound.  is very noticeable and 's around 4 feet square.
Herage Rd from Datsun all  way down pass  junk yard .
Large pothole
Road deteriorated a lot full  potholes and broken asphalt wh stone pebbles loose that could fly when driven on and hurt people walking or break windshield or glass  parked cars. Needs immediate repaving.
Multiple potholes between New Haven and Genesee on Appleton
4 inches deep been re a week
Starting from Hartford St all  up Clairemont Dr going east re is potholes
2ft by 8" deep pothole sa southbound number one lane  Morena just before  Stop Bar Cross Street buenos
N/B Mercury Street @ Engineer Road. Very bad pothole!  Yes -please fix potholes now that  Charger distraction is over!
Pothole in  #1 lane at 2869 India St.
numerous potholes on Chateau Drive between Paola Way and Lyric Lane. So many that cars are swerving to avoid m and  is causing very dangerous driving condions.  I almost got h head on by a car trying to avoid potholes.
Middle lane at crossealk
All along east bound before santo
Eastbound on Hillery between Camino Flores and Westonhill
Correction. Fairmont pothole is in  NORTH SIDE.
Please fill pothole in front  driveway  1577 Weaver St. Thank you.

s more than just a pothole. My car scrapped  asphalt when  went into  hole. There's a couple  those deep holes re. There should really be a sign re until  gets fixed or even part   lane be closed. 's a hazard. Ulric and Linda Vista Road by  gas station



Ingraham from Diamond to Law St has dozens  potholes.

2 massive potholes, cars have to go to or lanes to avoid m
Pothole
Deep pothole near  curb at  norast corner  Universy and Bancrt.  Followed by a series  potholes going westbound in  same lane.
Wide, deep potholes in  westbound lane  Camino Del Rio S.
Pothole near curb in  turnpocket to get on 94 east from Broadway.  Entire block needs resurfacing.
Pothole
Entire 200-350 yards section  N Harbor drive when going towards Airport is ltered wh potholes on all lanes.
Pothole in  middle   intersection  Convoy St and Clairemont Mesa Blvd. On South bound left lane  Convoy St
Giant pothole immediately upon merging to eastbound Interstate 8
Pot holes northbound on PCH near Washington and near Midway
Large pothole in  middle   street next to  train station.
Under  stop light
I was driving home and h a huge pothole on Clairemont Mesa Blvd between Antigua Blvd and Santo Rd. Both rims on  driver side were bent which cause both tires to flatten.
Pothole in intersection
2 by 1 foot big pothole on Friars Rd. going east, in middle lane (left side) just before Riverdale St (but after  bridge). Grantville.
Numerous large pot holes in  north bound lanes
Potholes at  4 turns   4 way stop
Potholes at  driveway into Ralphs Center.
Potholes at  driveway into Ralphs Center.
Potholes into  left turn Lane into  shopping center
Couple  big chunks right out   middle  Pacific Highway. Won't be hard to miss.
Giant Potholes in  area causing cars, trucks, and buses to bottom out and need urgent attention.
LARGE POTHOLE, DAMAGED VEHICLE
In  Alley behind 3051 Juniper and  surrounding addresses,  area where  concrete was popping up over  gas lines and was recently repaired using asphalt is now cracked and popping up over  gas lines since  concrete was not removed.The attached photo does not clearly show  yellow markings for  gas line underneath as  markings are mostly covered by asphalt.
many potholes. mainly in  outside lanes
Several potholes morena blvd north between clairemont drive and balboa ave
There are 2 potholes on  East bound Ted Williams Pkwy, one in  left most lane and  or in  middle lane just before (west ) Shoal Creek Dr.
re's a big pothole in  middle lane  east bound 56 just before (west )  Carmel Creek Rd ex.
Pothole
Potholes
Big Pothole in middle   intersection.
Multiple potholes in intersectoin adn on Mt. Aguilar Dr.
Westbound Imperial Avenue from about  7000 block through  6300 block, re are several large potholes. Especially after  rain. I don't have any images as y are in  lanes  traffic and re are several  m.
Eastbound Market st, before  traffic signal at 36th st, re is a very large pothole.
In  intersection  market st and gateway center dr, westbound, re is a large pothole.
In  intersection  La Media Road & Airway Rd. re are several potholes that are so big can could easily damage tires or car suspension.Also, as soon as we turn left on Airway Rd from La Media Rd, on  first ex to  right,  also has several potholes.
Many potholes and deteriation  road between Famosa St. and Adrian St. on West Point Loma Blvd.  This is in  East bound lane.
LARGE holes in road!!!!!!!!
Location: 3000 block  Broadway and  entrance to  94 west. There is a huge pot hole that measures about 4 feet in diameter and 2 feet in depth before  entrance   94 west. This needs to be fixed immediately my tire almost popped because  .
Potholes all along Rancho Carmel Drive southbound from Carmel Mountain Road to SR56
Potholes all along Sparren Ave between Carmel Mountain Road and Thunderhead
Potholes
Potholes
POT HOLE IN WB #2 LANE
In  alley re are huge pot holes.  Unfortunately alley is  only way to access garages.
DANGEROUS. almost got killed on .... FIX IT SOON.on  intersection on college and montezuma... EXTREMELY DANGEROUS POTHOLE on  street on college in front   Mexican restaurant on college ave.
Pothole in  southbound #1 lane in  2100 block  West Washington St.
Pothole in  northbound #3 lane in  3500 block  Camino Del Rio West. The pothole is just prior to  #3 lane becoming  transion ramp to northbound Interstate 5.
Along  Chateau drive, re are so many pot holes. Especially heading east bound heading away from genesee. Some   pot holes are so severe that my alignment was f on my car.  will be very helpful to get se fixed up.
Deep cut which makes  parallel spot useless but to  biggest trucks.
Large triangular section sunken in, perfect size for a whole tire, very dangerous.
Pick any spot on  stretch  northbound North Torrey Pines Road for at least half a mile.  is FILLED wh potholes, some hastily patched, but many not. In order to avoid driving almost exclusively in potholes, you have to drive almost on  shoulder. You also have to dodge manhole covers that are set so deep in  road, y're like horrible potholes mselves. Thousands  people drive that stretch every day to work and school. Please do something!
There are potholes all along  strip  Claremont Mesa and cross street Santos road up to around  high school
many potholes in street by 4938 and 4948 Orcutt Ave. Asphalt is now being kicked up by cars driving by and furr breaking up  pavement.
3.5ft by 1.5ft Pothole next to manhole cover. About half a foot deep.
Giant potholes in road. Easily big enough to blow out a tire
multiple potholes on  street
Numerous DEEP potholes in  intersection and in  area
Hundreds  potholes on  street near  Subaru and Honda dealers.
Multiple potholes
Pothole in lane 2  Fairmount Northbound.
Pothole on eastbound (down  hill)  Aldine. This is  second time I have reported  same pothole.
Potholes are getting really bad on Genesee Ave Between  mall and UCSD Hospal. Several large potholes in  road getting worse each day, feels like you are driving on a gravel road. Metal plates are sticking up as well. Not sure how road has gotten so bad, can't drive speed lim.
Numerous potholes in  intersection  clairemont Mesa and Convoy



Just before entrance to sharp ER driveway.


Big hole
Terrible potholes most likely from bad road patching from construction, made worse by  rain.
Many potholes on Friars Road near Rancho Mission Road.
WB Balboa multiple large potholes
Potholes on Rosecrans near midway, near sports arena, in every major intersection near  five

There is a deep pothole approximately 2 ft x 2 ft in  middle   newly paved street.
Badly damaged interaction
Badly damaged asphalt
1'x3' pothole in crosswalk next to elementary school





Pot holes all over  road all  way up to 4s Ranch border. They are ruining my alignment on both  my vehicles!! Fix now!!
Pot holes all over  road all  way up to 4s Ranch border. They are ruining my alignment on both  my vehicles!! Fix now!!


Pot holes all over  road all  way up to 4s Ranch border. They are ruining my alignment on both  my vehicles!! Fix now!!


Pot holes all over  road. A lot  money up in  area so you should splurge a ltle to fix se so you don't ruin anybody else's car alignment! They are ruining my alignment on both  my vehicles!! Fix now!!


Pot holes all over  road. A lot  money up in  area so you should splurge a ltle to fix se so you don't ruin anybody else's car alignment! They are ruining my alignment on both  my vehicles!! Fix now!!
Pot holes all over  road. A lot  money up in  area so you should splurge a ltle to fix se so you don't ruin anybody else's car alignment! They are ruining my alignment on both  my vehicles!! Fix now!!
Pot holes all over  road. A lot  money up in  area so you should splurge a ltle to fix se so you don't ruin anybody else's car alignment! They are ruining my alignment on both  my vehicles!! Fix now!!

Numerous deep holes
LARGE POTHOLE ON PACIFIC HY COMING OFF THE I-5 NORTH. DAMAGED CAR. 4 FLAT TIRES AND BENT RIMS.
 least 10 large and deep potholes in and around  intersection.
There is a big pot hole next to a man hole cover on Friars Rd going Eastbound.  is in  Right turn lane on Friars maybe about 100 feet before Frazee Rd.
LOTS OF POTHOLES ON CLAIREMONT MESA BL EAST AND WEST OF THE I-805.
Deep holes in middle  intersection corner  Grandee Pl and Grandee Rd
Three big potholes near arburdale
Large Pothole in right lane Eastbound close to corner  Rancho Bernardo Rd and Meandro Dr
Multiple large potholes in middle lane  Clairemont Mesa Blvd driving east just before 805 North on-ramp.
Pothole near Whole Foods
Pothole in  right lane past  onramp
North side   street 2 huge holes right after you turn onto Mt Aguilar.
Large pothole about 18 inches in diameter on  east side   street. Seems about 2 inches deep. 's in a spot where   right wheels  cars continuously drive over  unless y veer into  or lane to avoid .
Multiple large potholes in  right laneafter going over  overpass
Pothole in  left straight through lane before intersection
Pothole in  left lane after intersection
 pot hole was not filled in properly 2 weeks ago when  was filled in. Worse now much bigger and deeper.
Linda Vista Road, Ulric, and Friars road are full  potholes that should be addressed.  I drive through se areas day and night.  Motorists are dodging se holes by swerving in to  or lanes causing near accidents.  Please address immediately

Potholes will soon get worse.
The westbound lanes  Otay Mesa Rd are severely damaged and in need  immediate repair.  The street is becoming un-usable.
Huge 2' by 1.5' pothole on Cave St.
POTHOLE
Morena and baker st.
Multiple potholes, each  m very deep. Huge hazard especially traveling at highway speeds. Couldn't take picture because I was driving.
Multiple large potholes on ramp to Pacific Highway coming from i5 North. Pacific Highway in general has a bunch  m.
Pothole caused flat tire, damaged vehicle.
Pothole
Pot hole about7 inches deep and 10 inches across
LOTS OF POTHOLES
LARGE POTHOLE
s as u pass  gas station through  lights heading on garnet
Pothole!
Numerous potholes on Genesee Avenue from 163 southbound framp to Linda Vista Rd. Many are deep.
DEEP pothole
Insane pothole on Pacific Hwy (NB) directly across from  new airport rental car garage. Closest business is called Vinyard Doors, Inc.
Pot hole btwn appleton and genesee in   middle   street.
There are SEVERAL DEEP potholes on Pacific Hwy, northbound, in  #1 and #2 lanes.
Potholes
Multiple potholes

I live at The Dylan apartment complex at 2930 Barnard St. Yesterday I counted between 20 and 30 potholes on  one block our complex takes up on Barnard St. There are so many potholes, some very large, that  is very dangerous and likely causing damage to people's cars on a daily basis.
2 east bound lanes  Clairemont Dr. at Burgener
West bound side  Balboa just west  cross walk
Section  road that needs care: Boulder Lake Ave from Navajo to Cowles Mountain Blvd. This entire road is ltered wh potholes and  pavement is practically crumbling. Most people who drive on  section  road choose to drive on  sides (closer to  sidewalks) in order to avoid  horrible road condions...which isn't safe for cars parked on  street or people walking on  sidewalks.   PLEASE FIX!
Large Pothole 2 ft x2 ft and almost a 8-12 inches deap
Pothole at  lights westbound.  Right land
Pothole right land southbound
There are several massive pot holes all through linda vista rd.   This one in front  Linda Liquor is dangerous and is bound to cause an accident or damage to driving vehicles.
There are several severe potholes on  block
Large pothole + smaller potholes through street
Large pothole
Pothole
Sink hole in front  5006. 10-15 years ago re was a sink hole in  same spot. This is a safety issue and needs someone to investigate ASAP. We have  coned f right now. contact Association Manager at ASPM-San Diego, Cameron Gonzales 858-430-5700, cameron@aspm-sd.com
Entire area in front  Albertsons at Rancho Bernardo Road and Pomerado Road is absolutely horrible .
There are 3 giant potholes on PCH and one caused a flat tire  morning
Rt lane just west  Clairemont Drive has large pothole. This area has been repaired many times before and keeps showing up yearly.
Pot holes all along road
Several large potholes are present along  entire length  Avati Drive, 92117
Two potholes in EB lanes
Pothole in EB lanes
deep pothole,   just as you're heading east on balboa,  turning right (so.) onto convoy st.   right at  intersection,  SW corner
Pothole
ALTA VIEW DRIVE BETWEEN OMEGA AND PARIS HAS BEEN TERRIBLE FOR 2 YEARS. THERE HAVE BEEN MINOR REPAIRS BUT THE WHOLE STREET NEEDS REPAVING. THIS IS THE ONLY PART OF ALTA VIEW THAT HAS NOT BEEN REPAVIED.
LOTS OF POTHOLES
Two big pot holes I believe before Cannington Dr./ Mt. Albertine Ave. heading West on Balboa Ave., a few hundred feet before  above two streets in  #1 lane.
Large pot hole causing car damage under  I 5 bridge
Two massive potholes
pothole in road. All  Gold Coast between Camino Ruiz & Black Mountain Rd is horrible.
pothole in road. All  Gold Coast between Camino Ruiz & Black Mountain Rd is horrible.
pothole in road. All  Gold Coast between Camino Ruiz & Black Mountain Rd is horrible.
pothole in road. All  Gold Coast between Camino Ruiz & Black Mountain Rd is horrible.
pothole in road. All  Gold Coast between Camino Ruiz & Black Mountain Rd is horrible.
pothole in road. All  Gold Coast between Camino Ruiz & Black Mountain Rd is horrible.
multiple potholes in intersection between gold coast dr & gold coast way All  Gold Coast between Camino Ruiz & Black Mountain Rd is horrible.
Hole in middle  street unknown / has  barricade
multiple potholes in intersection between gold coast dr & gold coast ct.  All  Gold Coast between Camino Ruiz & Black Mountain Rd is horrible.
Pothole in middle  intersection
String  deep potholes in left hand lane going north.  Cause car to "bang" into m, not just rough road. Invisible in  rain at night, h m hard and just had to pay $2200  spring in car repairs for Morena pot holes; do  NOT want to do that again.
multiple potholes in intersection between gold coast dr & lipscomb dr. All  Gold Coast between Camino Ruiz & Black Mountain Rd is horrible.
Lots  potholes in eastbound lane
Depressions on both sides  street where road work was done
multiple potholes in intersection between gold coast dr & Londonderry Ave. All  Gold Coast between Camino Ruiz & Black Mountain Rd is horrible.
multiple potholes down jade coast- mira mesa is horrible!
multiple potholes down jade coast- mira mesa is horrible!
multiple potholes down jade coast- mira mesa is horrible!
multiple potholes down jade coast- mira mesa is horrible!
multiple potholes down marbury ave- mira mesa is horrible!
multiple potholes down jade coast- mira mesa is horrible!
multiple potholes- mira mesa is horrible!
multiple potholes between greenford dr & flanders intersection- mira mesa is horrible!
multiple potholes between intersection  flanders & westonhill- mira mesa is horrible!
Pothole towards center   road.
multiple potholes down flanders- mira mesa is horrible!
Pothole westbound lane.
Multi holes
POTHOLE  BETWEEN  41ST & SALVATION WAY ON UNIVERSITY
POTHOLE
POTHOLES FORTY BETWEEN COLE & GENESEE
pothole , beagle street and beagle court
pothole, ashford street and beagle street
West Point Loma Blvd - between Nimz and Camino Del Rio West is FULL  a million potholes!
Large pothole in road.
deep pothole at intersection on side heading towards  5S ramp.
POTHOLE
LOTS OF POTHOLES
In front   storm drain on Carroll Rd at  Corner wh Camino Sante Fe,  really bad dips for almost a year.   Camino Sante Fe was repaved last year, but Carroll Rd. was not.  A lot  big rig trucks cause wear and tear because  is  Miramar Area.  Please fix  big dips in front   storm drain on Carroll at Camino Sante Fe heading west from Miramar.     is on  side   road where re is a blue mail bin and Pape Material Handling is across  same street on Carroll.  If you start at  Blue US Postal Service mail bin at Terman and Carroll and you head west towards Camino Sante Fe, you can't miss  big pot holes which people fall into as y are making right turns onto Camino Sante Fe.  Thank you.
Street has more potholes n surface. All   adjacent streets have been resurfaced except for  1 block area along 2900 Columbine St San Diego
5 North - ex Pacific Highway. There are 3 large potholes at  Frontage Road framp in  right hand lane.
Street has buckled and has 2 potholes going southbound
I drove through a pothole today on  Westbound lanes  Mira Mesa Blvd at  intersection  Mira Mesa Blvd and Camino Ruiz.   popped my tire and bent my rim.  Please fix ASAP.  Thanks.  -Sonia Minassian (858-204-8089)
Westbound Flanders Drive about 100 feet before  Camino Santa Fe intersection, in  straight-through/right lane.  About 1 foot in diameter and 3-4 inches deep
POTHOLE
Two huge potholes. In  middle   four way intersection.
Huge pothole safety hazard,  have to swerve right to avoid making you drive to close to parked cars on  street.
Deep dangerous pothole for vehicles and bicyclist
Huge pothole on right to middle lane (Northbound) caused flat tire
Deep hole, damaged rim  am bout 730.  Could cause major accident
There is a deep pot hole on Washington east bound as you turn to get on SR-163
Poor construction - asphalt washed out leaving muddy pothole. I'm
pothole heading north on Riviera Dr approx at street number 3712
pothole heading north on Pacific Beach Dr heading west approx close to corner Dawes St
Potholes
POTHOLE
Hello, when  S.C. Valley Engineering (619-444-2366) company was working on my street 12/19/2016 to install  new 'sewer lines', y left HEAVY EQUIPMENT and METAL PLATES parked/left in front  my house for about 10 days. This Heavy Equipment and Metal Plates created a POTHOLE on  street directly in FRONT on my house, and when  rains,  POTHOLE fills up wh water. I have lived in  house for over 20 years, and never had to deal wh potholes, refore, I would appreciate  if your crew can repair  POTHOLE before  gets any worse. Your prompt attention to my request is greatly appreciated. I have provided several photos for your review. If questions, please contact Janet Baker directly at 619-250-0241. Thank you.
Pothole
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
NB Lamont St.... 4001 Lamont St  is a estimate
POTHOLE
There is  beginning  a huge pothole at  end  my driveway which is on  cy street.  is now so deep that every time I go in and out  my driveway  scrapes  bottom on my car.
Small pothole at  intersection  Noyes and Diamond St (heading north) in Pacific Beach by  crosswalk.
Big opening in  middle   road on Noyes St heading north.
Lots  bad potholes
18 inch by 20 inch pothole about 5-6 inches deep on Mira mesa blvd east bound
Pot holes
lots  potholes
Potholes
A contract company is about to resurface  street in front  my house. Cross intersection is Woodman and Altaview, zip code 92139. They are resurfacing Alta View Drive going east to west. The street does not have any potholes.  only has some cracks which have been sealed. They should be repaving Woodman going north to south. Woodman has severe  damage to  street and many potholes. Furrmore, They will be de touring traffic away from a freeway  entrance/ex for Briarwood.I would appreciate if you take a look at  ASSP. They are doing  work on  17th and 18th  January.  would be a waste   cy's money and completely shameless on ir part. I was unable to download  pictures.
Huge pothole in alley
Massive pot hole, eastbound lane, messed up my tire!
Potholes
Two long, large pot holes
Multiple pot holes on both sides   road
Pot hole
Large potholes both directions

Pothole in speed bump

Potholes
Pot hole
Southbound side, small diameter but deep pothole near curb.
Pothole
Southbound, curb side. Near anor pothole.
Pothole
In intersection
Pot hole that cracked my Rim in half and 5 or people
Please refer to my report # 00133679 which mistakenly refer to  intersection wh RAncho Bernardo Rd instead  Bernardo Center Rd.  - my apologies.
Two massive potholes eb Genesee east  Linda Vista rd
There are several potholes on  relatively short street.
Pothole in middle  southbound lane.
Huge pothole fucking people's cars up fix that sh
Very large and dangerous pothole on West Point Loma going westbound in  inside lane (toward  center median). I h  shortly after turning left from Midway Dr. between Groton St. and Adrian St.
Pot holes in  alley
huge pothole at intersection  Ash and 7th Ave.
There is a rar large pothole going north on Linda Vista road in  right lane. The pothole is on  north side  Genesee avenue. This is a major safety issue as  could result in serious injury or death if a motorcyclist enters . My right wheel dipped into  hole and blew out my tire. I immediately had to replace my tire down  street. I am requesting reimbursement for my tire from San Diego Cy Office. Please contact me wh more details.

The corner  Rancho Drive and Potomac st San Diegi 92139 area.The intersection one block from Paradise Hills Elemantary .  is a very busy intersection has  2 huge p holes has been re for years. In  summer uts a Mosquo Breeding Bed.
There are about 50 potholes on Parkdale Ave between Flanders and Northrup.  Just drive south on Parkdale from Flanders and you won't be able to miss m. You will need an all terrain vehicle to drive safely down  street especially in front  Jonas Salk Elem School.I don't have pictures but you can't miss m.
west bound scripps lake dr just before intersection wh scripps ranch blvd.
Numerous pothole while driving east on Westmore especially in front  new park construction.
Pot hole
Large pothole
Two HUGE DEEP POTHOLES, Wow! 's very dangerous, thank goodness I saw that coming.  can cause an accident.
Large pothole on  Carmel Mountain Rd entrance to  I-5/I-805 bypass.  would be dangerous if someone h  getting on  bypass.
Great big deep pothole in left lane construction area.
Numerous potholes on  down hill heading West
Potholes on Howard street from 30th ave to 32nd
Large potholes in front  entrance to parking lot  24 hour fness
POTHOLE
Pothole
Pothole in  southbound #1 lane at 4282 Genesee Ave.
Pothole along  gutter at  driveway entrance to 4277 Genesee Ave.
Pothole
Potholes in  westbound #2 lane between 4170 and 5198 Balboa Ave.
There's a pothole that is getting larger by  day apparently.  Several  my coworkers reported  to me  morning.
I just h  biggest pothole ever.   9:10PM, Friday, i was driving on  5 South, exing 18A Sassafrass to go to  airport to pick up my hisband.  I h a pothole right after i exed in  right lane. i'm pretty sure i will have damage to  front  my car. I want  cy to fix  dangerous hazard rigjt away
Large pothole 1.5' X 1.0' on westbound lane  Rancho Bernardo Road
Pothole on lefthand WB straight thru lane
Many potholes between Orion Way and Beaton Court. 's getting harder to avoid/ go around because res so many. Rocks fly everywhere; one even h my car and chipped .
PER SDPD THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE EAST BOUND ON FRIARS NEAR THE INTERSECTION.
Pothole on left side  turn lane to go south I 5
Pot hole between Camino Anchor and Avenida Cordillera. Zip code 92128
Pothole in eastbound left lane between Olney and Culver
Paseo del Verano NORTE - a section f  street extremely damaged making  hard on cars
Large pothole
Multiple potholes formed and forming.
Deep pot cars have to serve.

7 pot holes on street pavement severely alligatorized
Small toilet size bowl in  right side adjacent to  gas station. One rim can f into .
The pothole is about 1-2' deep as you are about to cross and go over  dip at  light going northbound in mercury St.
Pot hole  note



Large pothole on east side  intersection
Pothole-Pringle Street
Potholes under rt 5 bridge
There are to many potholes to photo on Genesee ave and Linda Vista road near  163 rap on both sides   street.
All  Genesee Ave is in need  pothole fixing on both sides   street
Per consumer:  Large potholes e/b Division St. between 58th & Ava
Pot hole in right lane east bound
RIGHT LANE HEADING TOWARDS CRISTOBAL
Large p hole on  west bound Camino Del Norte just west  th I15. Right lane.
P/H
Per consumer:  Pothole in intersection
Large pothole in  NB  Mercury St at  Mercury St. and Engineering Dr. intersection.
Take your pick. Coming from 163 towards Linda Vista Road, re are numerous bigger than potholes in  road. The asphalt is coming all over  place. Super road hazard. You need to put signs re warning people especially at night or re will be a major accident soon
Pot hole on west bound lane just east   intersection
Forward St. has been in serious need  re-surfacing for several years. Cars swerve to avoid damaged portions   pavement  creating potential hazard.Several requests over several years have been unsuccessful.
Huge potholes
Pothole getting larger wh rains
Whole street riddled wh potholes. Many are large enough to cause significant damage to cars.
Potholes and cracks
There are 2 big potholes in  eastbound direction.  One in  center lane and on  in lane closest to  median.
Potholes all along  street
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole right as you go from Morena to Avati
Potholes in right turn Lane
Pothole
Pothole
Huge pothole on Clairemont drive going UP  hill about 50 yards before  light at  Burgener.  is in  street and totally causing traffic to drive erract around . Also causes major problem for bikes. Almost feel f my bike today when I h .
Damage in street from construction. This home caused damage to  axle in my leased vehicle. There are actually several very deep holes on Genesee from construction. They need to check from Eastgate mall to campus point. Some are severe!
Potholes all over  street
Large pot hole in middle  st dangerous
LARGE P/H BEHIND THIS ADDRESS
The whole street has major potholes. Lowered vehicles can't drive on  street because 's so bad.
Huge pothole before  curve
West bound
2 large potholes on Balboa Ave.
Per consumer: 6-7 potholes on Mt. Albertine Av x-Balboa
Pothole at intersection headed westbound, #1 lane.
Significant pothole on south side  Clairemont Mesa Blvd. between Antigua and Santo.  Or large potholes on same side  Clairemont Mesa east  Santo as well.
Pothole
Pot hole south on Park @ universy.
Pothole in street in front  condo
Last night while about to turn onto Frazee St while heading eastbound on Friars, I h a huge pothole that did significant damage to my vehicle causing me to have a flat tire and ruin my rim significantly. This needs to be fixed and addressed ASAP. I need help filing a claim to fix  damage caused to my vehicle as I can no longer drive to work or afford what  costs to fix  damage.
Huge axle/tire buster in 3500 block  west bound genesee and many potholes on both sides  roadway.
Pothole at intersection  fashion hills Blvd and Camino pacheco
Large pot hole on f ramp from SR-52 to Genesse South. 's on  right hand side where  asphalt meets  concrete for  overpass
Please start resurfacing  our streets.  This cy is worse than  New Jersey dump I moved from 41 years ago.  There are pot holes everywhere and  streets are cracked and breaking up from not being resurfaced for many years.  I have had to replace a wheel and tire from hting a pothole I could not swerve to miss due to cars in or lanes.  IT IS GETTING DANGEROUS TO DRIVE!!!  Where are our tax dollars going?  PENSIONS AND CITY COUNCIL RAISES?  America's finest cy is quickly becoming an embarrassment!!!
There is a sizable pothole at  intersection  Clairemont Mesa Blvd & Limerick Ave closest to  left turning lane heading West on Clairemont Mesa Blvd.The image attached shows  location.
Entire street is full  potholes. This is a popular safer bike route to avoid  cars going high speed on Catalina.  is becoming dangerous for bikes.
Northbound on Mercury Street as you pass through  intersection wh Engineer Road, re is a HUGE DEEP pothole that nearly ate my car today.
Pothole in  middle   street 50yds from stop sign
open pot hole in middle  intersection. also some rough patches around  intersections.
20IN X 12IN WIDE 1" DEEP
Several potholes just east  Carrington on Balboa Ave. West bound lane.
Very deep pothole near elementary school, and dangerous for parents picking up  kids.
Pot holes west bound
Danger! See  black tire marks? This curb juts out and has been h dozens  times and  cars careen down street. Needs replacement and reflectors please.
Two fairly large potholes that are even wh  ground and very hard to see at night
Two potholes in southbound/westbound lanes
NB Ingraham St.
Large in size, located on  northbound lane  Clairemont Drive, just south  Burgener Blvd.  Have driven past  many times in  past several weeks.
Sink hole developing near recent street water leak repair





































Giant pothole in westbound lane  balboa Ave.
Northbound #2 lane, about 30 feet north  Mesa College
Three south bound
Middle lane, west bound, corner  Mira Mesa Blvd. and Camino Ruiz, very deep pothole, about 2 ft. long and 1 1/2 ft wide.
Noth bound
Very deep pothole on west bound Genesee close to entrance  UCSD Thornton Hospal.
Huge pothole 30 inch diameter on  light on Washington street freeway 163 entrance.
5026 70th st south bound mid-street
Pothole at  corner  Convoy and Balboa.  As you turn right onto Convoy heading south  pothole is in  middle   two lanes.  I have to usually turn tight to miss  or try and drive over !
Pothole
FACING SB TRAFFIC AT CROSSWALK LG P/H
Two giant potholes , around 2 ft in diameter in  middle lane going west on balboa
6600 block  Boulder Lake Ave and 8400 to 8600 block  Highwood Dr.  Recently apparently, several cul-de-sacs in  area were repaved and yet high priory and more traveled roads as listed above were completely ignored.  These streets are so beaten up that myself and ors must drive out  our ways to destinations than subject our vehicles and bodies to se awful roads.  I ride a motorcycle and  very dangerous to say  least.
potholes left lane  Roselle street before Sorrento Valley Blvd intersection.
Intersection  TW Pkwy and Shoal Creek.  Eastbound, left lane, right before  light.  HUGE pothole.
Pothole on west bound Balboa, west side  intersection
Two GIANT potholes on west bound Balboa, center lane. Just east  interestion.
Potholes
Potholes at cuts
Under  over pass getting on to 5frwy heading south
Lifted/broken/pushed asphalt in Street.  Tripping hazard for crossing pedestrians.
Pothole by mailbox at curb
I recently moved into a cul-de-sac and re are at least three large potholes on  street. Side streets- Fontaine, 51st through Zion are poorly maintained streets. Please fix
Rutted road potholes
Intersection  elm and second is a giant pot hole
There is a large deep pothole at  intersection  Mira Mesa Blvd. and Camino Ruiz.   is in  center lane, right in  dip, when heading West on MM Blvd.  's in a really bad spot, you can't see  at all and traveling at 40+ mph.  I almost lost control  my car, and may have damage.  Please fix immediately.
Several potholes along balboa avenue
Potholes, potholes, everywhere on Clairmont Mesa Blvd between Dolivia and  805. There are gigantic potholes from  intersection at Dolivia to  805 entrance in front   gas station and strip mall wh Yardage Town and Sipz Fusion Cafe. There are two potholes just in front   driveway to  strip mall. One giant pothole against  median at  light at Dolivia and Clairmont Mesa Blvd. I go west on Clairmont Mesa Blvd from work and n have to make a U-turn at  light on Dolivia. I have to be very careful during my u-turn not to get swallowed up by  giant pothole against  median as I make my turn to go east. From re I attempt to avoid more potholes before I finally park in front  Sipz Fusion Cafe for dinner. Please fix  potholes. 's an obstacle course for my poor car.
Pothole forming
Pothole. Bad road work.
Pothole
Pothole
Turn lane to 163n from Washington. Right at  light re is a massive pothole.
Potholes on  whole street  Hillary
Huge potholes on both sides  street
There is a giant pothole in  middle   lane and intersection which severely damaged my car. This has been here for weeks.
There are four enormous potholes in  middle   intersection  Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Convoy St. Some are two feet in diameter.

The approach to both terminals 1 and 2 have dangerous road damage and deep potholes. This morning  was difficult and dangerous to attempt to avoid dropping into deep cracks and holes.
Multiple potholes on pacific highway north bound f  vine
There is a deep pothole at  intersection which is close to  pedestrian crossing and on  third lane from  sidewalk.  I had a flat tire just after passing on  at 10:40am on 1/14/17.  I called AAA and found more damage, so that I brought my car to  dealer to repair ( They checks next Monday).
Really big pothole at  intersection  West Point Loma and Groton along wh some smaller holes.
Mercury between Engineer Road and Claremont Mesa Blvd is really rough. Lots  potholes and cracks on both sides   street.
Super big numerous potholes
Large pothole on west bound side  Mira mesa blvd, close to intersection  Camino Ruiz.
Big pothole. The center lane on Mira Mesa Blvd westbound at Camino Ruiz.  is on  east side  Camino Ruiz, just after  concrete.  is causing people to swerve or cause damage to ir cars.
Several holes on ramp from Aldine to Fairmont north
Pothole... again
Numerous ripples and potholes left turn lane west bound 9000 Clairemont Mesa Blvd
Potholes eastbound #1 lane 9000 Clairemont Mesa Blvd
Numerous potholes east bound #1 lane 8900 Clairemont Mesa Blvd
Small pothole
Potholes #1 westbound lane and left turn lane
Pothole #1 west bound lane 8000 Clairemont Mesa Blvd
Pothole #1 west bound lane
Pothole #1 eastbound lane
Potholes and cracks
Large deep pothole 8100 Clairemont Mesa Blvd #4 west bound lane
South bound on Park at Universy.  2 large potholes.
Pothole south side  intersection Balboa & Convoy
Potholes ruts
Potholes and ruts north #2 lanes
Large pothole north #2 lane
Large pothole far right lanes north bound prior to Carl's Jr. drive way entrance
Large deep pothole 8730 Aero Dr
South right turn lane numerous potholes and ruts
Pot holes all up and down rancho Carmel dr between shoal creek and ted Williams parkway
Bone-shaking, killer potholes in Tierrasanta strewn throughout Clairemont Mesa Blvd. -- both on eastbound and westbound lanes between Highway 15 and Santo Road.  Caused damage to car - flattened left rear tire which will now not hold air. Probably needs an alignment as well.
There is a huge pothole in  middle lane at  dip in  road on Mira Mesa Blvd (West) and Camino Ruiz  intersection.My car suffered a flat tire when  wheel h  pothole while is driving through  intersection. There is a potential for a dangerous accident in case a motor bike wheel gets stuck in .
Going west on Montezuma Rd oppose  SDSU parking structure
As you turned right onto Rancho Carmel drive from Carmel mnt rd in  right lane
Very large pothole
Ridiculously gigantic pothole on MAJOR intersection
Baltic street has been redone twice now leaving all   streets in  neighborhood in disrepair.  Ashford St is in a real bad state  disrepair.  I would hope that Ashford Pl ( a small cul-de-sac street) would be next in line.
4-5 large dangerous potholes
Pls fix  long time pothole at  intersection  Camino Ruiz and New Salem (by  Library). Thank you.
Clairement Mesa  west  805 and Shawline going to Walmart and Kaiser Clinic. I'm tired   rough streets and deep potholes tearing up my car!
Deep pothole on  right lane going south on College Ave at  address
Several potholes along  south side   street.
Deep pothole in  right turning lane directly before bernardo center dr going west on Camino del norte
Pothole in  right lane just past  south bound framp  
2 huge potholes in center lane  traffic
Deep dip and pot holes
Pothole in middle  intersection
Three potholes
4 major potholes on  west bound number 1 lane.
Pot hole on 8 west ex to Mission Center Road
Balboa Ave, West bound, between Charger Blvd and Mt Abernathy
Big pot hole middle  onramp to friars eastbound
10 feet past Senn Way on Via CapriLarge and very deep pothole going South.
Pothole in center  intersection. When traveling west on Clairemont Mesa making a u turn. 18" diameter, 5" deep.
Pothole, South bound near center divider, deep.
Northbound side   road, left-hand lane, just before  entrance to  Antares apartment complex and  "Signal Ahead" sign.
Giant pothole heading east on Mira Mesa Blvd
650 Balboa west bound lane. Several very large potholes causing traffic to swerve significantly to avoid. They appear to be 18-24" by 8-10" deep
Huge pothole on  corner  piccard as u approach Del sol blvd going southbound
Large potholes causing near accidents by motorists dodging m and moving into or lanes
TWO LARGE DEEP POTHOLES.
Potholes
Fix se potholes please
More potholes

Large pothole west bound #1 lane
Turn lane - previously filled but already coming apart
Pot hole
Potholes up  hill from intersection
Huge deep pothole. Travel west on Genesee, turn right on Linda Vista, whin 50 feet  intersection in right curb lane.
Huge, deeper pothole. In middle lane for those going south. Approximately 2'*2'*4+"
East bound traffic just before spl to Mission Gorge/Fairmont. Very deep pothole.
Intersection  Clairemont mesa blvd and Overland
3 major holes in  intersection
Pothole
Pothole
potholes
large potholes
very large pothole right hand lane on westbound Via de la Valle just below freeway overpass
Multiple potholes on both direction  Appleton st. West  genesee ave.
Pot hole in crossword
4' pothole ~2.5" deep
4'x3' pothole 3" deep
Large section  back to back potholes
Hole in road. Middle lane.
There is a huge pothole that keeps getting bigger. 's about 6 feet long right now. There is no address. 's on ulric between fashion hills terrace and taught street.
There is a large pothole in  left lane going across  street.
Pothole.
Potholes
s grown over a couple month's, wh no sign  slowing
Potholes
Potholes all along Del Cerro Blvd.
Potholes
10x10 inch pothole
Two potholes in road near curb on south side . In front  461 sea ridge drive, la jolla.
Potholes on Chateau drive and chateau court. There are ors all along chateau drive.
Huge pothole that can break front/rear suspension on Washington St. East at traffic light Entrance to 163. Fill in asphalt needed immediately. Sad state  roads.
Pothole


Potholes in intersection.






Large pothole in  #1 N/B lane
Several large potholes at  intersection  Mira Mesa Blvd and Camino Ruiz.
Large pothole in southbound lanes just before Costco entrance.
Large pothole in northbound lanes just before intersection wh Camino Del Norte
Various pot holes on Chateau Dr.
Northbound Olney just before Balboa Ave re is a pothole.
Southbound Olney just past Grand Avenue re is a deep pothole.
West-bound Via de la Valle right under  I5 overpass. Very large pothole.
Pothole in  westbound #2 lane at 3134 Nimz Blvd.
Potholes in  eastbound lanes in  3900-4499 blocks  West Point Loma Blvd.
Potholes in  eastbound lanes in  3300 and 3400 blocks  Sports Arena Blvd.
Potholes in both directions in  3900-4198 blocks  Sports Arena Blvd.
Damaging pothole
Pothole on  right side  regents road as you turn into luna avenue
Potholes in both directions in  5400-5699 blocks  Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Numerous significant potholes going east and west on Appleton St just west  Genesee before New Haven. Thank you.
Major potholes
Huge potholes!
Pothole at driveway entrance
There are multiple potholes on Seminole Drive between Stanley and Art St. Also, several potholes on Art Street and on Stanley Avenue.
Multiple pot holes on west side  Parkdale Ave between Mira Mesa blvd and Flanders.
4 to 5 pot holes on  street following  stop sign, heading east on division street towards Valencia Parkway. One  those holes is about  diameter  possibly a foot
Huge potholes at driveway entrance!
Numerous potholes ranging in size in  number 3 lane
The whole st is a potholePlease help
Series  Pot Holes, left lane, Eastbound Balboa Ave.
Several potholes in eastbound and westbound lanes  Aero Dr. between Aero Ct. and Afton Road.
East lanes  Aero Dr just past Sandrock Rd. A fairly deep hole in  left lane.
Multiple spots  severe asphalt/road upheaval in  alley behind 3455 Adams Ave.  ridges are close to 12" high in spots. My neighbors and I have damaged cars going over se high ridges as y are unavoidable in spots. Some also prevent an obstacle to garage access.
Several potholes on Greyling Drive, between Pinecrest Ave. and Polland AVe.  Can you repave  whole street?   really needs !  Thanks!
Ollie & Venus Streets covered wh potholes. Like a third world country. Disgraceful!
Venus and Ollie street is becoming a dangerous obstacle course and needs immediate attention
Pothole
large pot hole in  left lane, caused a flat tire for me.
LARGE POTHOLE ON TED WILLIAMS BEFORE LIGHT , HAZ PER PD
2 potholes whin about 100 ft  each or.
2nd   2 potholes
Two pot holes on Eastbound side  Rancho Bernardo Road between Meandro and Pomerado Road. Please fix and fill. Thank you.
Pot holes, about 20 huge ones
Pot hole near whe water drain hole cover at center  intersection near cross walk stripe and left north bound Park Boulevard lane.
A 2 ft long and 6 inch wide gouge that is 1.5 inch deep.  This location is south  David St. and in  south bound lane headed towards Friars Rd.
Westbound Mira Mesa Blvd. Center lane has huge pothole - lost a wheel cover tonight. Location  pothole is on  Western crosswalk  Mira Mesa Blvd and Camino Ruiz
Potholes, uneven surface
Test
Westbound Rancho Penasquos Blvd from I-15 almost even wh McDonald's is huge pothole.
Many small pothole at  corner  Eider and Klauber. These holes have been growing larger wh each rainfall.
Some potholes on norrn edge  intersection  Morrell and Oliver. Lots  run f here during rain.
Two very large potholes around  intersection  Merrimac and Appleton. They are at a well traveled street by Whman elementary school. There are a lot more potholes between Appleton and Genesee.
potholes again on  intersection  Shoal Creek Rd. & Stoney Gate Place around  removable sewer lid in  middle   street! Thanks!!
2 huge pot holes on ted williams heading north just before shoal creek...urgent  y're huge & repeat holes!!!!
Series  potholes dangerous for cyclists in southbound lane
Going northbound on Fairmount Ave below  8 Highway. Potholes on  left lane
Potholes so deep and huge and very dangerous driving condions and can damage car wheels, tires and axels
large pothole in left turn pocket right in front  traffic court
Very deep pothole just before  signal. When turning right re is no way to avoid ! 's going to damage cars - h   morning when  was dark and honestly think  broke my rim!!!
Deep pothole between 3rd and second on Ash

LARGE POTHOLE ON STREET BEFORE 163 RAMP  HAVE TO SWERVE TO AVOID
Pot hole near Del Mar heights school
Potholes in intersection  Universy and Park Blvd, northwestern corner
Pothole across  entire street
large pothole just north  Del Sol Blvd. in  north bound lane  dennery rd.
Reported  street lifting before. This is not a planned communy, nor a private communy. This is a public road. You do not need to replace  wh  stamped cement. You can replace  wh asphalt.
The pot hole is in  back   address in  alley. After  heavy RAIN.  is Very deep. Nearest crossstreet is Landis and 31st. Please repair  as  is causing damage to vehicles when y do not see .

Big hole in  middle   road
North bound side   road numerous potholes
The pot hole is at  middle straight lane going west bound on Mira Mesa Blvd and Camino Ruiz, right at  dip around  whe lines. 's very hard to see at night and 's been causing a lot  cars to pop tires.
2 large 3 foot diameter potholes southbound lanes  5000 Convoy St. at intersection wh Clairemont Mesa

broken concrete/pothole
small potholes and rough patches all along  Vista Sorrento Parkway between Lusk and Mira Sorrento.
Pothole on left eastbound lane. Anor pothole in same lane b/w Lamont and Morrell
Pothole (1 sf wide, 5 inches deep) at CA-52 E f ramp to Regents Rd, right lane at light to Regents Rd
Multiple potholes in front  6019 Adobe Falls Rd
Multiple potholes in  northbound lanes  College Ave between I-8 and Del Cerro Blvd
Large potholes heading east just wanted  Noyes st
Several potholes heading East on Grand just west  Gresham
big potholes all around  intersection messing up  tires
Several potholes in SB lane, one deep
Several potholes eastbound on Miramar Road before Eastgate Mall
Pothole caused me to get a flat tire.
HUGE  pothole on Westbound Via de la Valle.   is in  furst right lane (North) on  westbound lane.
This entire street is badly damaged, especially on  Southbound side  road.
Pothole on  westbound Via de la Valle road.
Pothole at  intersection.
There are over 30 potholes on Parkdale Avenue in both directions between Dancy Road and Northrup Drive. I cannot possibly list m all here. Please inspect and repair m all. Thank you.
There are several potholes in one section right at  intersection on Tecolote Road just west  Morena Blvd. Turning right (west) onto Tecolote from Morena Blvd (going south) requires driving thru multiple potholes. Thanks!
multiple pot holes on st and in front  driveways
Multiple potholes between 300 - 400 block  28th St
large pothole infront  address
Big..big..hole 5 day's and no body fixed  hole is about 3 feet round deep 6 inches
Intersection  airway rd and let media rd
On Zion between Estrella and Crawford approx 10-potholes.
Multiple large potholes.
Street is in disrepair. May potholes and cracks. Prior sewage pipe repair done incorrectly. Lose asphalt could become dangerous to pedestrians and or drivers.
Very big pothole
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES IN THE INTERSECTION.
large pothole in street
Numerous potholes on Ted Williams Parkway (Eastbound) between 15 and Shoal Creek
Many potholes between Hydra St and Zapata St on north bound Camino Ruiz--some are LARGE and getting larger; to  point  getting deep and hazardous. Help!!
Potholes near left turn lane
Pothole #1 lane northbound ~100 feet from intersection.
WB and EB have potholes
Big ol hole in  intersection
2 potholes
Pothole
 is in  far right lane heading north at  intersection  Fairmont and Mission Gorge Rd.
entire block has a number  holes and divots  entire block
There's a large pothole or two on  corner  Clairemont Mesa Blvd. and Convoy Street traveling East in  left lane on Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Large pothole
Two very large potholes 6" deep in north bound lane.
Pothole
large pothole in 1300 block  Grand Ave heading east
There are multiple potholes whin a very short distance on westbound Balboa Avenue, just east  Cannington Drive.
Multiple large potholes between Genesee Ave. and Merrimac
In  left turn lane  Coronado Ave that leads to  5S
large pothole on ex ramp
Pothole
There is a large piece  asphalt missing (pothole) at  intersection  Bunker Hill Street and Ethan Allen Ave.  The pothole is located on Ethan Allen Ave where  asphalt transion to meet  cement.
Huge pothole in  far right lane. Did damage to my car.
Deep potholes getting ever worse since are in path  water runf coming down street--hard to see when raining--hard h to tire exactly where you turn
Asphalt street surface in front  10805 & 10813 Portobelo Dr. is broken up, worn and potholes formed.
3 small, but growing, potholes in  #1 lane southbound on Carmel Mountain Road between Camino Del Norte and Conference Way
Few potholes in middle lane  Balboa Ave, heading west.
pothole in  middle lane  Paseo Lucido northbound, north  Camino Del Norte
Pot hole has been created by  garbage truck driving from  street up  alley way,  has destroyed  side walk and messed up  rain water drainage path.
2 very large and deep potholes located on  North bound side  Morena blvd.  They are between Baker street and Paul Jones ave.
Northbound clairemont dr just s  burgener blvd
Pretty big pothole
Middle lane
Very large pothole in N/B Morena just north  intersection  Baker
Large pothole is in  third lane eastbound.   is just past  traffic light.
Morena N/B at Baker. My neighbors have now documented 37 potholes on Morena from Baker to Avati. PLEASE REPAIR ASAP!
several potholes running along cement gutter, intersection  Merrimac and Conrad Ave. (west side).  Very deep holes, exactly where tires turn  corner!!
Big hole in northbound lane  Derrick D. just beyond Genesee
This large & deep hole is on a major thoroughfare that is just f   15 and in front    gas station and close to  IHOP Restaurant.Furr,  connecting Poway Rd. going towards  Cy  Poway isfilled wh assorted sizes  potholes; making one's navigation   road akin to a toreador minus  red cloak!   Funny thing.. as soon as  road links  Cy  Poway,  VANISH ALL POTHOLES!  Seems  ficials that run  Cy Council can eliminate what every San Diegan has come to detest... streets that are a disgrace... Did I hear/remember  Mayor saying se would be fixed in his term?  What we need RIGHT NOW, is an administration that pays more attention to  needs   rank and file, AND LESS ON WHAT BIG BUSINESS IS THROWING FITS ABOUT!  Case in point;  building out  everywhere possible in what was once America's Finest Cy.
Avati E/B at intersection wh Morena- (And  or 36 potholes Morena potholes sourly all  way to Baker. PLEASE FIX ASAP!
large pothole end  cul de sac, Oporto Court San Diego
Potholes on  entire block  Owen St
There is a pothole in  middle   street
Northwest bound Genesee Ave between I-163 and Linda Vista Road is full  potholes.  Everyday a new one seems to appear.
Pothole
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POLES IN THE INTERSECTION.
Outside Arco. Pothole
Multiple potholes and uneven street near intersection
Pothole
Small pothole
There is a large pothole in  street.
Eastbound
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE POTHOLES IN THE ALLEY BEHIND 4388 CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD.
12 by 18 by 4 inches pothole on  West Side  Mount Albertine.  Between Mt. Adelbert Dr. and Mt Albertine Ct.Smaller pothole 6 by 4 to  South   one, above.
There is a large pothole at  intersection  Mira Mesa Blvd and Camino Ruiz (see attached picture). Large enough that  caused damage to my tire and rim as I was going  speed lim through a green light..
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE ON THE EAST BOUND FAR LEFT LANE NEAR THE 805.
Between executive drive and Genesee are some   worst potholes. I already damaged a leased vehicles on  roads and now I'm damaging my new car. Law su
Pothole on eastbound, 2 layers deep. One  many in  block.
Major pothole in  intersection  El Camino Real and Carmel Valley Rd/56 eastbound on-ramp. 's right in  middle   intersection where eastbound cars will h . We h   or night and  tore a hole in  left front tire.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MUTLIPLE POTHOLES ON ALVERADO RD EAST BOUND AFTER THE COLLEGE INTERSECTION.
Avati Dr. is falling apart between Eichenlaub and Brillden. This is  worst example (large bump in road that cars and bikes routinely swerve to avoid), but re are potholes all over.
Southbound Brannia Blvd. at  intersection  Airway road.
Southbound Brannia Blvd between Airway Road and Siempre Viva Road re are numerous potholes in  #1 lane.

Multiple large potholes
Midway Drive from Barnett Ave to Sports Arena Blvd is a disaster.   has numerous potholes and cracks and needs complete repaving in both directions.
Hole in Street as heading down hill
Sports Arena Blvd from Rosecrans St to Sea World Dr is full  potholes and needs to be repaved.
The street has lots  potholes. Specially 27th and main st  needs to be repair A.S.A.P  thank you
Many parts   street is bumpy and rough and areas that have pavement coming up and creating long stretch  open street holes.  Entire street needsrepair.
Start at  intersection  10901 Camino Ruiz/Westmore Road and finish at  intersection  11125 Camino Ruiz/Calle Moreles.  On  route you will see numerous potholes in both lanes.  There are too many potholes to list.
There are potholes in both side street.They are  in dalberga and Vesta st.
POTHOLE
There is a huge pothole in  number 1 or 2 lane on around 9589 Mira Mesa Blvd.
Huge pothole on Washington St.(eastbound) entering 163. This needs to be fixed immediately.
pot holes at swale at intersection  Pocahontas and Lakehurst
Pothole approximately 15 inches in diameter in  number one lane on  driver side just east  Linda Vista eastbound Genesee
There are several potholes in  Northbound lane on Ruffner between Balboa and Dagget.
Several large potholes and uneven pavement on  block.
Several potholes and uneven pavement.
Several potholes and uneven pavement.
Several potholes and uneven pavement.
When making a right hand turn from Camino Del Norte  (heading west) to Bernardo Center Drive re is a huge pot hole near  crosswalk.
Pothole in  intersection  Maturin Drive and turtleback road.
big pothole on house side between flanders and gold coast
big pothole at Parkdale Avenue and Port Royale, east side  street
fairly big pothole near San Ramon and Flanders Drive
Pothole on left lane, east bound Rancho Bernardo Rd
Swinerton builder projects fault
pothole 16 inches by 12 inches approximate in westbound middle lane  Mira Mesa Blvd at Camino Ruiz
There is a large pothole on eastbound Clairemont Drive about 50 to 100 yards west   Burgener Blvd intersection
Pot holes at corner  Camino Propico and Calle Cristobal.
Big hole in  turn lane to enter  163 ramps.
Several potholes in both lanes in both  southbound and northbound lanes  Genesee Avenue between  intersection  Linda Vista road and  on ramp to  southbound 163 freeway
Potholes in left turn Lane
pothole in number 2 Northbound Ln.
trench excavated during park construction has sunk creating pothole in eastbound lane
westbound  no. 1 lane at intersection  Camino Ruiz
Deep 2 ft wide hole just south  Universy on 4th in  left lane.
A large dirt pothole located in  alley between 3189 and 3183 Monroe that needs to be fixed asap- one car already got stuck in  hole and a tow truck was called.
There is a BIG NEW POTHOLE in  eastbound right lane  Clairemont Drive.
Potholes in  northbound lanes in  4450-4599 block  Pacific Highway.
Big pot hole
WB Balboa Ave, west  Charger Blvd. GIGANTIC potholes - SEVERAL - in middle and left lanes
Pothole is between Mollendo Blvd and La Cuenta Dr. Located in left lane next to trees by  median.
HUGE tire-eating pothole in  North bound lane at  intersection  Sunset Cliffs Blvd and Newport.
Two potholes in center lane  westbound Balboa Ave, seem to be roughly 8" deep!
Large pothole
giant pot hole in  middle   street, and anor smaller one right after
4400 block  Appleton St.is riddled wh potholes.
Huge potholes in alley way.
Huge potholes in intersection.
Potholes on street leading east by 805 ramp
 pot hole is enormous ! right in front  Twisted Sushi restaurant 5487 clairemont mesa blvd going east.   is over 3 inches deep and when you enter  you come up to a 3 inch concrete wall   street.   is also located before  on ramp to 805 south.After hting , I parked my car to view what  was and  appears y did road work across three lanes and obviously did a terrible job filling  space.  *****Please if you could make  pot hole a priory. I am concerned for my car and  damage  may have caused. I will have  checked and get back to you if re are repairs needed.
Two deep potholes in intersection
Two large foot diameter holes one before speedbump and one slightly farr back from  speedbump
Going north on Afton Rd. Why are you not fixing potholes?
Balboa Ave west between Charger and Cannington. There are about 5 huge potholes in  lanes  traffic. You can't see m at night and I have h 2  m.
Going north  left lane has a pothole when going under  I-8.
When are you fixing  potholes  Aero Dr in both directions. Do you need my cred card?
Large potholes across west bound lanes before entering freeway onramp to NB 15
Pothole in travel lane
Pothole created by water pipe construction
Pothole
As you're going west on Market and turn right on Euclid to go northbound on Euclid, re is a unavoidable pothole right at that corner as you're turning right.
Sections   east bound lane one Airway RD are gone. Extreme hazard
Giant pothole in high traffic area
Super big pot hole that could cause a major accident on Waring Road right past  intersection  Adobe Falls Road (going up  hill towards Allied Gardens).   This stretch   road has been recently repaved.  The size   hole is substantial (over two feet) and looks deep.  No access to take photo, no sidewalk, traffic.
Huge potholl
Huge pothole i have now two new flat tires more  1 but  one is  biggest
Large pothole, west side  Ulric St (southbound traffic lanes), between David St. and Fashion Hills Blvd
LARGE POTHOLE W/B
Large pothole in  right westbound lane. Via De La Valle, Del Mar, underneath  5
HUGE POT HOLES 10-15 ON THE INTERSECTION OF AIRWAY AND LA MEDIA
re is a large pothole on  road that I h, causing me to get a flat tire.
Several large potholes in south bound right lane near intersection  Harbor drive and Caesar Chavez parkway.
N/B FAIRMOUNT, SOUTH OF MONTEZUMA, #2 LANE, LARGE POTHOME
About 4" deep between 12"-6" diameter pothole. This is a very high travel area and  worst pothole we have seen in Mira Mesa area so far. On  corner by Sourn California fleet services and close to  intersection in  right turning lane that turns Southwest onto black mountain road.
Deep hole damaged my car one flattened my tire.
Pothole on Governor Drive going west, east  Stadium Way San Diego 92122




















Pothole, Farnham & Ruffin rd








Two large potholes




Pothole(s) on Kansas Street, just north  Meade Avenue



Pothole on east bound lane



The size   pothole is huge and re is no way  avoiding  if  right lane is busy wh or cars and  was  case wh  morning traffic,  happened at about 5:25 AM was still dark and  goes in to a slight curve so  not easy to see  severe damaged on  left lane   Camino Santa Fe street, I just felt  impact on  wheel  my vehicle  was so bad that  ruined  driver front side wheel  my car, when I pulled over in to  parking   company that I work, a few blocks up  road at 6910 Carroll Rd I heard  air leaking out   tire, so I had to leave three hours early from work to have my wheel checked and I was informed that  wheel was damaged and that I needed to replace . I had to spend 112.00 plus install and tax  came up to 126.85 or so.


SEVERAL POTHOLES JUST BEFORE I-905 ON RAMP. N/B















hole in right lane before kemper light
W/B #2 LN VIA DE LA VALLE UNDER THE I-5 BRIDGE,  8FT LONG X 1 1/2 FT WIDE X 3" DEEP, WILL NEED A CHASE TRUCK
hole in right lane before kemper light
Pothole north bound getting larger.






Several very deep potholes on Westbound Balboa just east  Mt. Rias.
re is 2 large pot holes in  alley behind 3711 31st, one in so large people are blowing tires
POTHOLE, E/B CLAIREMONT MESA

The pot hole in alley next to garage is 3 feet long  and looks like a main pipe break -  repair has been done before and could rip  front  a car f
big pothole in middle lane going east on Clairemont Mesa Blvd just before  intersection  Antigua Blvd. Yesterday, I got a blow-out tire at  intersection because   pothole.  I had to be towed because  gash in tire.  The cost to me is $424. for  tire and $129 for front end alignment.  Also very dangerous condion after  blow-out.
Pothole is +/- 20" long by 15" wide and 8-10" deep.   is filled wh water so  is hard to determine how deep.   is dangerous because   depth.  If a bike tire h  pothole  could cause serious injury.   Every time a bus hs   hole gets larger and deeper.
West bound lanes  Balboa Ave. from 805 to  5.  Too many to count.  Some are a safety issue as y are two feet across and five + inches deep.
This pothole is located in  cul de sac located at  bottom  Rehco. The closest address is 9164 Rehco Rd. The pothole has been growing over  last 6-10 months. 's currently 2'x3' in size. This portion  Rehco Rd is on a hill and  majory   road is showing a tremendous amount  degradation.
POTHOLE
Returned pothole where previously repaired on east bound harbor drive
 intersection  NB El Camino Real and  left ( two) lanes  on-ramp to SR 56, large pothole.
On Twin Trails Dr. in  rightmost   two left turn lanes to turn onto Black Mtn. Road southbound, broken pavement and potholes, exposing signal light wiring
westbound 8 freeway in number 3 lane west  Texas street
Pothole on eastbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd, east  Antigua Blvd, west  Santo road at  bottom   hill.  in  lane closest to  Median. Needs to be fixed ASAP and has already caused damage to a constuents vehicle.
Deep pothole
Huge pothole in  center   intersection on Sorrento Valley Blvd Westbound at Sorrento Valley Rd.
West bound center and left lanes on Mira Mesa Blvd when entering Camino Ruiz intersection. Center lane right side pothole damaged two tires, one  m went flat. Please fix asap.
Several large potholes at  intersection
2 foot by 3 foot concrete patch in  alley behind 1219 Loring Street has dropped almost 4 inches
POTHOLES, #1 & 2 LANES, JUST BEFORE CANINGTON ST.
Deep potholes at  intersection where  Albertsons is located
Multiple potholes and general pavement failure throughout  intersection.
pothole on south side  Pennant Way in front  driveway  last house on street
POTHOLE
TOO MANY POTHOLES- REQUESTING FOR ASPHALT REPAIR
A large and deep pothole, at  intersection  Paseo del Verano and Camino Ramillette.  Large, shoe-sized pieces  pavement are stacked up in  gutter.
Pothole North side  westbound lanes, just west  Via de la valle and san andres dr intersection.
Multiple large diameter potholes north lanes  4500 Mercury St
VERY LARGE AND DEEP POTHOLE at southbound Harbor Drive at Caesar Chavez in  right lane
Hay I know you our have a lot to do but. There is three potholes at  corner  Universy & Park Blvd. on north side by  Pharmacy The two smaller ones someone could get hurt at night, and  big one is at least 6" deep wh cars bottoming out. Thank you, jaybee481189@gmail
Hole, dent like crater
Location is just prior to  overpass   5 freeway just before you go under  on  north side  Via De la Villa heading west. There is a HUGE chuck  asphalt missing that caused a big hole that need to be repaired asap please.
2 large potholes on Balboa Ave. on  north side   street, and a b east  Cannington Dr.
Two potholes in  southbound left lane
West Bound Balboa on  first and second lane near Cannington Dr intersection.
Cox cable laid some cables and left two big holes that keep on getting worse.
Pothole as you enter  canton going west in right lsne
Hello i drove on se street  every single day two  my tires and rims were damage cuz  y r several  pothole on se  interception please fix  asap
3 potholes in right lane going west on Balboa.   bottom   canyon
Potholes on south east corner  hawthorn and kettner when making left turn on to kettner from hawthorn located diagonal in  intersection from pacific rent-a-car
SUNKEN AREA PER SEWER DEPT
Two big, and deep potholes.  Westbound on Mira Mesa Blvd and Camino Ruiz intersection.
Potholes down centerline
Huge potholes!!! No attention will create more problems
pothole in front  driveway,  customer claims after  was patched he has a hole again.....
POTHOLES
POTHOLE
Deep pothole at northwest corner  stop sign.
Large, deep pothole southwest corner on harbor dr
Large pot hole in middle  East bound lane
Potholes on Clairemont Mesa Blvd, both eastbound and westbound lanes for 400 feet on both  east and west sides  Clairemont Mesa Blvd overpass over  I-805.
Pothole when turning from Convoy into Balboa, by  7 Eleven. 4433-4499 Convoy St
Pothole in  northbound lane  Mt. Acadia Blvd just a few houses north  Via Bello
From 15 freeway to Santo Road eastbound
Very deep pothole at Roselle street (northbound left turn lane) & 5 South freeway entrance ramp.
Middle   intersection at lamont and Fortuna
Huge hole about foot wide and 4 inches deep in  center lane, just north   Washington St ramp.
Pacific Beach Dr E/B @ DawesReported  large hazard 11 days ago. When will  be fixed?
Antigua, south  Clairmont Mesa Blvd is full  pot holes. north side  Clairmont Mesa was resurfaced recently.Also Clairmont Mesa from Santo Road to Rt. 163 is full pot holes.I'm unable to send photos but sure you've had or complaints.Please help us wh our streets. We were told that we arescheduled for surfacing in 2018. By that time  cy willbe paying for tire repairs.Thank you,JoAnne Kuelbs5244 Camino ArubaSan Diego, Ca 92124
POTHOLE, DAMAGED TIRE
Large pothole across entire westbound Mercy Road at Black Mountain Road looks like repairs were never completed after digging up trench to lay cable
Large pothole as well as several adjacent smaller ones need filling
SEVERAL POTHOLES
ANOTHER REQUEST. Pothole going southbound on 54th St. Please repair if you care about people's safety.
Going Southbound on  LEFT lane, new pothole on  lane on Rancho Mission Rd right after  intersection (across from  flower shop).
Going SOUTH on Fairmount right pass Camino Del Rio N, (under  I-8). Potholes on both lanes. Of course we know you are not going to fix. So  is  6th request asking you to fix and pave.
Numerous potholes including large chunks  pavement missing along center line on Limerick Ave between Palmyra Ave and Peyton Place
GOING EAST ON MONTEZUMA. New Potholes in both lanes before  pylons. There are several  m. This is as  today 01/17/2017. Please repair.
Many deep potholes. Please repair
DEEP POTHOLE GOING SOUTHBOUND RIGHT AFTER AERO DR. (OPPOSITE THE OPEN AREA LOT OR SOCIAL SECURITY OFFICE).
Morena bl n/b just before Ticondaroga  3 large pot holes.
Plenty potholes on Camino Santa Fe, before  Office Depot area and after on both sides   road.  One huge pothole near  medium after Office Depot going north.  Or potholes are long strips  holes.   I drive  road daily and s getting worse and worse.
Big pothole f  Sorrento Valley Blvd and Sorrento Valley Road at  light right before  train tracks.




There are several pot holes ( some are very deep) all  way down  section - up to mt. Alifan

There are several pot holes ( some are very deep) all  way down  section - down to marlesta dr. Both side  genesse have a lot  potholes

Three next to one anor


Oppose Vons
Huge pot hole

Pot holes. I sprained my ankle and  trash can wheels broke.
On  cross roads

Sometime last year,  Cy came out & filled up all potholes in alley way used to access apartments parking lot. Well somehow y all managed to reappear (I have many, many pictures I would like to share) and have come back w/a vengeance, possibly putting every car that drives in & out here great risk to physical & mechanical damages, which in turn will cost lots  $. We need  Cy to come up w/a more permanent appropriate solution, not anor temporary fix and like yesterday. Thank you!


Intersection  Bly Rd and Westbury ave



The whole   road looks like one giant asscrack. Pls fix.
This one looks like a dick.
Intersection  Bly Rd and Westbury Ave
Huge pothole on west bound balboa at least 12 inches deep, 2X2. If not fixed may cause motorcycle accident. May have caused damage to rear  my motorcycle
I h a pothole going west in  middle lane on mira mesa blvd. Felt like my tire would break. was just afterm camino ruiz intersetion.
15 deep, tire puncturing pot ways causing wrecks. PLEASE repair immediately before someoNE dies!
My motorcycle tires get wedged in  long wide potholes in  block. Very dangerous!PLEASE repair all  m in  800 block  Diamond Street in Pacific Beach.
eastbound Friar's Rd. just past  San Diego River bridge, a large pothole is on  left side   center lane
Pot hole in front  house causing rocks to h my car
There is a large pothole on  drive on Regents Road on  way up to  cross section  Luna and Regents Road going towards Clairemont Town Square Stadium. 's a two lane going up towards Luna and is on  right side.
Pothole in westbound lanes  Via De La Valle where  single lane spls into two lanes.
Large  approximate 8' Pot hole very dangerous
Huge pothole in  right side westbound lane  Via De La Valle in Del Mar where  goes underneath  5.
24" diameter, 5"+ depth
Pothole on f ramp from 5 north just before  intersection at Via De La Valle.
Large pothole on Rancho Carmel Dr at intersection wh Carmel Mountain Rd.
One big pothole near several or smaller ones. Caused me to puncture my tire and have a blow out. Near  Vons grocery store
Hard dip across all lanes
vwry large wh a chunk  asphalt in  middle
I take  15 N to  8 E every morning on my way to work.- Where  connects, at  bottom  that hill, re is a serious pothole a foot and a half wide and a foot deep.  I h   or day and blew out my tire causing me to veer f  road and lose control  my car.  My tire rim is now bent as well.  This is extremely dangerous and 's really unfortunate that I pay taxes and n have to pay for a new tire and new rim now as well.  If you go re, you will see or torn up tires from or cars that had  same problem; I noticed m on  side   road when I was forced to move to  side due to my tire blowing out.
Multiple potholes are in all   westbound lanes  Camino Del Norte...west  I-15 until Camino San Bernardo...including  westbound ex ramp onto Camino San Bernardo.
Two pot holes
Pothole at stop sign left side getting bigger and bigger.
Potholes everywhere on  side   road
Parkdale Blvd is a complete mess I've lived here since 1979 y finished Jonas Salk elementary school last year. construction destroyed parkdale . to make matters worse 's hard to walk my dog because  noise from cars hting all  holes etc. Make noises that scare my dog to  point most times he never gets very far ..please help
Potholes in  1700-1749 block  Plum St.
Potholes on  north side   intersection  Lowell St and Plum St.
Pothole in  northbound lane in  3200 block  Kemper St.
Pothole on  norast side   intersection  Kemper St and Midway Dr.
Two potholes in  crosswalk for Montongo Street. The intersecting street is New Salem St.
In  right lane
Pothole in middle   intersection
Several big potholes on Balboa West
Pothole by  intersection. Balboa West and Clairemont Drive
LARGE P/H IN SB #2 LANE 2FT WIDE 9IN DEEP/CAUSING DAMAGE TO VEHICLES
Big pot holes
HUGE Potholes all over  area!!
Big 2-3 pothole
Potholes  size  a sink hole deep enough to hide a car inside
There are spots   road that are raised almost as high as  curb. 's a safety hazard for vehicles wh lower clearance or vehicles turning  corner.
There are a few large potholes coming f  5 freeway before you cross  intersection at Valley Ave and Via De La Valle
BIG OL POTHOLE in  left  side   east bound lane along wh 20 smaller ones.
Many pot holes on both sides  Harbor Dr. Most between Hawthorn St & Winship Ln.
Potholes
Several very large potholes on eastbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd between Antigua and Santo. One in particular will cause a lot  damage if drivers don't see .
Multiple potholes in right lane
Many big potholes on  stretch  road
Intersection  Convoy and Clairemont Mesa Blvd has more than 3 large potholes.
On ramp from Camino del Norte onto 15South pothole middle lane
Right turning lane on Friars Rd, just before Frazee Rd, a cluster  small to medium holes, very crumbly asphalt around ..   Cluster is about 12-16 inches in diameter and toward  left side   lane
Large pothole on  on ramp to 163 North, underneath Universy Ave bridge.
















Getting worse especially wh number  cars passing by.





2 large potholes in middle  intersection  3rd and Ash.



deep pothole that is nearly unavoidable








Deep pothole in eastbound lane  West Point Loma, approx half block prior to Nimz.
East bound lane left side. The pothole is 1'x2' and at least 7 inches deep.
Large pothole in westbound lane in  middle   intersection.
Pothole
Deep pothole almost large enough to f a small tire into 
POTHOLE, CAUSED FLAT TIRE!

Large pothole
Pothole on right shoulder on westbound Balboa Ave.
Many large potholes on SB Camino Ruiz between Jade coast and Miralani. One is huge, can't get pictures whout getting h though.
Large pot hole at  light turning from eastbound Washington to 163 on ramp.
In  middle   intersection re are 2 huge potholes
Pothole on WB Washington. On  bridge just past intersection.
There are several potholes and bumps on Santo Road leading to  52 that need to be fixed. Not only do y cause problems directly to vehicles but y force drivers to drive erratically to dodge holes which places drivers in danger  accidents.
There is a major pothole on Clairemont Mesa Blvd, east bound in  left lane right before La Cuenta Dr.  can cause major damage to vehicles.
Pothole

Pot hole on  corner by Calibur Collision
Multiple potholes all along Portobelo Dr.
Southwest corner  intersection and Afton Rd is full  potholes. Please fix for  10th time requested.
Going south on Harbor Drive, as you cross Cesar Chaves, look at  far right hand lane (almost on bike lane) and you will find a 2 ft by 2 ft by 4-5 inch deep pothole.Should a motorcycle or cycle h  pothole, may cause person to fall f.
Pothole on Sigsbee Street, just south  Newton Avenue.
large pothole needs to be repaired asap. east side  street
mutiple potholes need to be repaired
Potholes

Dangerous Pot Hole
Pothole at dip in  road going East.





There is at least 6 potholes on  street 's embarrassing  street looks like  belongs in a 3rd world country
There is at least 6 potholes on  street 's embarrassing  street looks like  belongs in a 3rd world country
per SDPD a hazard  sinkhole in st
potholes all over street
Large pothole at beginning  left-hand turning lane from norast-bound Washington Street to State Route 163 on-ramps
Large deep pothole in  north lanes
Hazard pothole between 54th and  52nd on universy westbound as you pass by Springfield College.
Wide and deep pothole.
Potholes and asphalt damage in alley between 3962 First Avenue apartment building and rear  3971 Front Street. Alley leads to parking lot for 3962 and 3960 First Avenue apartment residents in Hillcrest.
Very deep pothole in east bound lane, just west  La Cuenta Dr.
LARGE DEEP POTHOLES ON GENESEE AFTER I-163
heavy trucks going to  Whale Watch Way construction se pass thru here and  pavement is crumbling and getting worse wh  rains.











Pot hole patch
The intersection  Carmel Valley Road and El Camino Real (near  SR-56 East onramp) in  Carmel Valley area has 2 large potholes. You can see  when driving east on Carmel Valley Road and eir crossing El Camino Real onto  SR-56 East onramp or when turning left onto El Camino Real northward. Please fix!  Thanks!
POTHOLE    caused   3 FLAT TIRES
Dangerously deep and jagged pothole. Westbound near Cresta Dr.Dangerously deep and jagged pothole. Eastbound near Cresta Dr.
LOTS OF POTHOLES
Alley between Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Conrad has multiple potholes.
Westbound lane on Westmore adjacent to Westonhill.
Large asphalt patch needs repair/patching in front  norrn driveway  adjacent Post Office (6519 Bisby Lake Ave.).  Also  driveway just north   needs same repair.
There's a trench-style "pot hole" that is steadily worsening in front   UTC mall on La Jolla Village Drive (LJV).   is just east   bridge that runs over La Jolla Village Drive, located on  south side  LJV and runs across 3 lanes.  There is no way to avoid , and  is likely causing damage to thousands  cars every day.
Pot holes are up  entire street
Intersection all torn up, NB lame  Camino Ruiz in front  public storage building.
Pothole
West bound on W. Point Loma Blvd., straight bound left lane, ~7ft before crossing Groton St., big & deep potholes need patch up.
Giant pothole in  North Bound Slow Lane  Fairmount Ave before Montezuma ex.
Pothole.
Large potholes in right lane  Convoy, going south, just past Balboa.  Makes turning right from Balboa onto Convoy difficult and dangerous.
Extremely large pothole on Balboa Ave westbound by Mercury St. (Pothole is very deep).
Two potholes at  SE corner  Balboa Avenue and Mount Everest.
Two large potholes in right turn lane
HUUUUGE deep potholes in  left lane heading eastbound on Clairemont Mesa Boulevard right across from  McDonald's as well as  courthouse?
Large pot holes in middle  street at 633-647 Boundary street San Diego, California
Potholes going north in front  Ucsd many  m
Heading east on West Laurel Street (toward  I-5 freeway on ramp) re was/is a large pothole that was obscured by  dark and rain at  time.  If still re,  could be dangerous in  upcoming rain.
Right northbound lane
As shown on  map going both ways on clairemont, re are numerous really bad potholes that need to be fixed s causing many flat tires on many cars.  Please fix
Pothole
LARGE DEEP POTHOLE, HAZARD!
severe potholes between blk mountain road and camino ruiz on gold coast drive in mira mesa
This area was patched but re is still significant road damage/potholes/cracks/ruts at  corner  Muirlands Dr. and La Cumbre Dr.
5300 Regents / Luna  nw corner pot hole
There are several deep potholes, over 12" diameter, in  #1 eastbound lane on 10200 Clairemont Mesa Blvd (east   stoplight at Antigua Blvd & before  entrance to Vons.
There are about 9 good size potholes at  intersection  Antigua/Appletree and Camino Aruba.  appears that some work was done in  area but re is still a cluster potholes re.   looks like one or two   larger ones were only partially filled.
Very deep pothole on  SouthEast corner  Balboa and Mercury.  is located near  sidewalk that goes to Marukai Market.
Pothole
eastbound on clairemont mesa blvd, between mollendo and la cuenta a pothole a few feet wide and maybe a foot deep in left lane.
On Antigua Blvd near Quemado Ct re is a pretty deep pothole approximately 3' by 8"
Pothole Clairemont Mesa between 805 and 163.
Potholes in front  4046 30th street and 4060 30th street driving south bound.
Large pothole near bike rack in front  address.
Large pothole in  middle   southbound lane. Second pothole in front  4006 30th street.



LARGE POTHOLE, DAMAGED MOTORCYCLE
Wide pothole in left lane on northbound Carmel mountain road before reaching left turn lanes at intersection wh Camino del Norte.
There is a very wide and very deep pothole at  light before turning onto  163 onramp from Washington Avenue.  is large enough that  could cause damage to car axles. Thank you for your assistance.
Several potholes in right lane  northbound Camino del Norte between I-15 and Bernardo center dr. Cars weave between m over  stretch  road.
Pothole about 25  m,,also Tarbox hasn't had a upgrade in 20 yrs. My mor is wheelchair bound and in need  a smooth ster
Pothole in Northbound Rosecrans right hand lane.
There are about 3 very large consecutive potholes to  south   intersection  San Ysidro Blvd and Dairy Mart Rd prior to entering  5 North highway.  These potholes are about half  size   lane. thank you.
The alley bordered by 32nd St, Bancrt St, Collier Ave, and Adams Ave has large potholes due to  recent rains that need repair.
This is more than a pothole! 's a chunk  street that needs to be repaired asap.  The location  is just slightly north  1443 Union before  corner  Union and Beech.   appears to be an area where previous trenching was done for some type  water or sewer pipeline below  surface   street.  A huge chunk  asphalt & concrete is coming loose and  could cause someone serious injury or  could become a sink hole, if  is not fixed soon. I have been watching  for a while now and I ride my bicycle by  daily.  Time to address  street repair!! Thanks.
pothole near corner  noyes st/Garnet ave. north side  garnet
Pothole
Pot holes - please fix se
Multiple pot holes - please get se fixed asap
Large Pothole at Mission Center Rd and Friars Rd.
SEVERAL POTHOLES ON NORTH HARBOR DR
SDG&E and cy water department left  since 12/22/16
Large pothole on Westbound Balboa Ave, norast corner  Balboa Ave and Mercury St. First lane to left   right turn lane onto Mercury St. I h  while in my car (damaged wheels) approximately 11:45am Friday 01/13/17. Uploadedphoto taken 4:50pm Tues 01/17/17.

Pothole
There are several large potholes on  East bound lane  Alvarado Road just East  College Avenue.  I've called  problem in but  holes have increased in number and size due to all  recent rain.  I realize that se can't be fixed while 's raining, but hopefully y can be repaired after  next storm.  Thank you
POTHOLE
Pothole
Pothole
2 POTHOLES HAVE MERGED
There is a large pothole in  Southbound lane closest to  sidewalk (right lane) just NE  Viking Way on Torrey Pines Road.
Pot hole at intersection
Highwood road behind Gage Elementary School (92119) is riddled wh bumps and pot holes. All connecting roads have been paved around  in  last month, but for some reason,  road only did not get repaved although  was  one in most dire need. Today as I was walking my son to school, across  crosswalk on Highwood, my foot got caught in one   pot holes and I twisted my ankle and fell. I was holding my son's hand, so he also fell into  street wh me. This is dangerous for both cars and people, especially on a road that has lots  small child crossing twice a day, 5 days per week. Children could be hurt by falling, or unfortunately someone could be h by a car getting injured in  middle   road where re are a lot  cars and pedestrians all at  same time. This part   road is damaging to cars driving on m several times per day, but more importantly could end up wh injured parents and children in a zone that is supposed to be extra safe.
Refer from streets to check drain for cy protection
Potholes everywhere, street needs is not wheelchair accessible
Numerous deep potholes located between  intersection  Clairemont mesa blvd and Antigua blvd and  intersection  clairemont mesa blvd and santo road. They start from  bottom   hill on clairemont mesa blvd left lane and go east all along  left lane until  intersection  clairemont mesa blvd and santo road.
There are several potholes along West Point Loma Boulevard.  The worst one being closest to 4120 W. Pt. Loma Blvd.
Pothole getting larger by  day as many cars turn into  intersection (right hand turn)
Center  Intersection at Locust and Keats
Large potholes both north and south lanes on Greyling Dr between Larkdale and Polland Ave
Multiple potholes
Between I 15 and Santo Rd....multiple huge potholes
large potholes on both directions on Convoy St between Balboa and Areo Drive
Large pothole on Ollo Dr just outside  driveway leading to Costco loading ramp.
Large chunks  separated asphalt on both sides   street /alley interface on Polland Dr between Greyling Dr and Murray Ridge Rd.  The uneven surface is a trip and safety hazard for students walking to Jones Elementary School.
Big pot hole all over  area  Camino Del norte
Going SOUTH on Kearny Villa Rd, pothole on  RIGHT lane   street. Please repair.
AND ANOTHER REQUEST. Going Northbound on Fairmount Ave, pothole on  LEFT lane when going under  I-8 freeway. Please repair ALL potholes on Fairmount.
A large pothole is in  fast lane.  has been re for over a year...  is growing larger. 's  size  a manhole...As you continue on Ted Williams towards Highland Ranch Road, past Shoal Creek Drive,  middle lane has tons  pot holes...
Tons  potholes all in  middle lane going west towards I-15....
There are large potholes between Aero Ct and Afton Rd heading Eastbound and Westbound.
Pothole
Potholes
There is a large pothole that could cause a flat tire if h directly.
Row  Potholes in first Lane, before Left Turn Lane begins
Hole
About half way down  street are several potholes.
Very large pothole on Fairmont Avenue NB before Montezuma ramp
Multiple deep potholes on both  eastbound and westbound sides  Aero Drive between Kearny Villa Rd and Sandrock Rd
one hole....Intersection  Rio San Diego and Qualcomm Way.
Pothole in southbound left lane.
Bad potholes on Capricorn Way between Bootes Street and Westonhill Drive heading West.
Pothole (trench?) eastbound going up Nautilus before Draper Street.
Bad Potholes at intersection  Mira Mesa Blvd and Camino Ruiz.  They are on both roads by  signal on Mira Mesa Blvd in front  Wells Fargo.  's almost two lanes  m and when you are traveling you don't see m until 's too late.
Potholes 12 inches wide and deep. Can lead to a accidents and vehicle damage. Location: Camino Ruiz and Westmore on Camino Ruiz
Giant potholes from Springbrook Drive to Sabre Springs Parkway. Extreme danger. Very dangerous potholes are causing accidents and near sideswipes.
N/B POTHOLE
On El Camino Real (North bound lane) between Quarter Mile Drive and Half Mile Drive re are MULTIPLE potholes that are getting worse wh every rain.  Thank you for your attention to se.
Pothole is at  intersection  Mira Mesa Blvd and Westview Parkway.  I h  today and had to replace two tires.  Please repair as soon as possible.
our street is in really bad condion and has not been repaved in decades.
There is a pothole here at  intersection  Lorenze and Division Street
Big pothole in left most lane
Potholes
Huge pothole (basketball sized and deep). On  turn you make to go from eastbound Washington Street to  163 North onramp.
pot hole
This is only one  several large potholes on  stretch  road.  's become like an obstacle course.  Very dangerous.  People are breaking axels and getting flat tires.
Large pothole
3rd request;   deep pothole,  corner  balboa & convoy,   SW corner;   as you're turning f balboa as you're heading east,   turning to  south.
Huge pothole on Carmel Country Rd on East side   street heading north, before  left turn between Cfee Bean and Oggis.
big deep pothole west bound sorrento vally near rxr tracks
Pothole on left side  left lane on section  Eastbound CMB between Mollendo blvd intersection & La Cuenta Dr. intersection, in viciny   40 MPH SPEED LIMIT sign in Tierrasanta
Huge,axle breaking! 2x4ft 6 in deep. Fill before someone gets hurt or  cy is sued.
The beginning  my street on 40th street , near 3148 40th in San Diego, cy heights, has huge potholes up  entire street. 's horrible!  Please fix Asap! I've lived here 2 years and 's getting worse.
This deep pothole is on Clairemont Mesa just west  La Cuenta.  is very deep and my daughter blew out a tire January 16 driving over  as re was anor car next to her and she couldn't avoid  or re would have been a serious accident!  This and many ors all along Clairemont Mesa traveling both east and west from Antigua to La Cuenta are creating hazardous driving for many, many Tierrasanta residents and students who travel  route every day. This picture is one   deep ones along  route. Please fill  and ors ASAP before car damage and personal injury occur! Marilyn Licht(858) 277-0730
This street is along Villa Monserate park and just north  Vista Grande Elementary school in Tierrasanta. The asphalt is in dire need  repair and parts   street are down to gravel!  Looks like a Third World country, not America's Finest Cy!  Please resurface  street!
Pothole in right  north bound lane right before light at PB drive
The entire street needs to be resurfaced.  is well over due.
 looks like  was dug up recently and wasnt recompacted properly before paving. Now 's sinking.  is dangerous for cars to drive over. 's in  left land.
Deep potholes in  intersection
Westbound Tecolote Rd/Sea World Dr west end  I-5 bridge where concrete surface turns into tarmac,  right side  right-most lane where bicycles are expected to ride is sunken. There is a significant drop f that is hard to see.  is, in effect, a large pothole for bicycles. Photo doesn't do  justice. Cyclist could spontaneously go over  handlebar when hting  unaware. Please fill in.
3 very nasty potholes. Repair has been attempted but rain has made  difficult for crews to do  properly. Fill has come out again.  gives a damaging jolt to cars.
There are several large potholes on  east side  Morena Blvd, approximately around 3200 - 3600 Morena.
Giant pothole at  top   ramp to 163 from Washington. This entrance lane, on Washington, is also badly damaged, missing cones, etc.
deteriorated asphalt wh pothole in  middle between Alondra Drive and Cresta Drive going west in  left lane.  Continuing west to Bernardo Center Drive re are more deteriorated asphalt areas wh smaller potholes starting to develop in  left lane.
Huge potholes in right lane going towards  15.   Popped my tire and dented my rim!   I couldn't see m in  rain.
On northbound I5 just before  genesee ex, re are two large cracks across  right lane (and maybe  2nd lane too?) wh an indentation in  middle.
Potholes on southbound lanes
The water dept. came out to make a repair, trenched across  street, trench not properly filled in, up to 1 foot depth in  mess.  Someone needs to properly fill  in and fix .  problem extends from curb to curb across both lanes  traffic, both east and west bound.
south bound on la jolla blvd from Nautilus, pothole in traffic lane.
LARGE POTHOLE, POSSIBLE SINKHOLE
Alley behind Wells Fargo bank is crumbelling just before fanuel, patched before needs to be patched and new concrete
ON faunal at Grand Ave concrete pothole small but bad for bikerson south bound lane
Large dip in  road causes drivers to semi lose control at posted speed lims. Also dip cars to bottom out causing damage
Deep pothole middle  Sampson street close to intersection wh Nain
Potholes between linda vista rd and 163 freeway
Pothole 163 south on ramp going Washington St east
Numerous potholes at  intersection  Ash St. and 3rd Ave.
North bound Morena Blvd. a string  3 or 4 potholes
Years  ongoing Cy neglect   patchwork stretch  road has once again yielded major potholes along wh  uneven patches that already exist.  Please patch  potholes more attentively.  You already know  rain will break up those crummy patches.  Better yet, repave  street.

Multiple sharp-edged potholes on Ted Williams Parkway between i15 and Shoal Creek Dr.
 giant size pothole is facing north on balboa ave cross st is mercury, s right next to  chevron gas station
Rancho Carmel Drive from Carmel Mountain Road to Ted Williams Pkwy is full  long potholes that make  road condion unsafe, especially when wet.  needs to be repaved (not patched!).
Pothole on eastbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd, east  Antigua Blvd, west  Santo road at  bottom   hill.  in  lane closest to  Median. Needs to be fixed ASAP and has already caused damage to several peoples vehicle.  is a severe danger to all residents in  area.
Numerous potholes, each getting bigger on a daily basis.
Horrible potholes and crumbling street. Hasn't been replaced since  was first done.
URGENT: Pothole on eastbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd, east  Antigua Blvd, west  Santo road at  bottom   hill.  in  lane closest to  Median. Needs to be fixed ASAP and has already caused severe damage to several peoples vehicle as well as destroying tires.  is a severe danger to all residents in  area and needs to be fixed immediately. Several people are planning on filing claims wh risk management already.
BAD POTHOLE (TIRE DAMAGE) PER H2411
Big pot holes!!  I bent my rim on my car
Bad street repair. Need fixed asap
Pacific Highway on ramp bridge on decent  1st lane (far left lane) has a cluster  potholes.  Cars vear into middle to avoid  potholes.  This is extremely dangerous to fellow motorist on Pacific Highway.
BIG OL HOLE about 3 inches deep can't miss  and neir can anyone else making a turn on  corner
LARGE POTHOLE ON 58TH ST SIDE
in front  tracks  at intersection
Big hole growing on  east bound lane
Large pothole
Pothole on concrete edge  crosswalk at  Norast corner  intersection.
Potholes like  are linked one after anor all up and down Robusto Road.  Please repair all.
Big one on Balboa Have. West just before, Mercury.
The entire street  Portobelo Ct from 5805-6198 & onto El Escorial Way is in terrible shape & only continues to get worse.
Potholes going north on morena
Big pothole
Many potholes
There has been a very large pothole at  intersection for at least 2 years.  When turning southbound onto Green Bay St. from  eastbound lane  Coronado Ave.,  is almost impossible to avoid.
Pothole @ El Cajon and Texas
Very big pothole in  middle   entrance where you merge into Friars.
Large pothole in crosswalk
Large pothole in right lane. Very dangerous.
Not a pothole, just no pavement.
A continuing problem on Chateau, esp. between Mt. Abernathy and Derrick Dr.
Big pothole
Large, deep pothole near centre divide, east bound
Southbound Park Blvd, directly in  Intersection wh El Cajon Blvd. There is a big pothole. Thank You
west bound 8993 gold coast drive medium size deep jarring pothole
Streets are as bad as y get plz fix
several deep potholes 8770 - 8850 gold coast drive. Help!
Street is all broken up over night. Covers a large area
Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Eastbound large pothole a ltle ways before  Vons shopping center turn-in, right next to  center divider.
In  intersection, home depot side
This is a string  smaller potholes running down Westbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd. just west  La Cuenta almost all  way to Santo.  These pothole run down  wheel line in  number 2-lane.
LARGE POTHOLE
SEVERAL POTHOLES ON BOULDER LAKE!
POTHOLES
Pot hole
Pothole almost taking a quarter    lane.  Eastbound clairemont mesa blvd, left lane near median
N/B Camino Ruiz pot hole
The 1st and 2nd lane from left side going east next to  UTC mall construction
The parking lot on  big dog/Nimz side is horrendous. There are potholes and cracks and fissures everywhere, and  parking lot constantly floods. 's been like  for years, we've been complaining about  for years, and  cy has ignored us completely. Please fill in  potholes, or repave  entire parking lot
Potholes. Everywhere
Univ & 5th
Two large pot holes that will do damage to autos. East on balboa at Mount Everest
Huge pothole right lane. Not turn lane
Big pothole in  intersection
Big pothole at least 4 inches deep.
large hole - Going north on LIncoln right before 30th street
Navajo Road between College Ave. and Jackson Drive, as well as College Ave. where  meets freeway 8.
There is an ever widening crack in  asphalt across Friars Rd all lanes that needs immediate filling. The current crack needs to be filled asap to avoid tire and or damage to vehicles.  Please fix asap please. Thanks !!
Pothole in middle  Avenue
Pothole
Numerous potholes up and down street. Getting deeper and deeper and bigger.
Graftii in  alley way

Very large pothole on  corner  Riverdale Street and Friars Road.
There is a deep about 5 inches deep..6 wide 12 inches long almost a 2 year and no body fixed yet. Please..
The road on Zion/ Friars Rd needs to be repaved.
Large pothole next to center divide
Large pothole on driver side  lane closest to center divide
3 to 5 inches deep.
Huge pothole on North bound side.
pothole in street 3400 block Governor Dr. on north side  street
Balboa ave at balboa st... 3 huge ones
Potholes
New
Giant potholes on Park Blvd at  intersection  Universy Ave in Hillcrest.
Near restaurant on  border
See Photo. This issue has not been fixed for two years! This area across from  popular beach access has tons  children walking constantly. A toddler could easily fall into   hole. How in  world has  taken  long to fix ! Please fix  is an urgent issue.
Several pot holes close toger
Large potholes on east bound Balboa west  Genessee
Two deep potholes
Large deep pothole on main road

Large deep pothole on main road
very large and dangerous
getting bigger
The alley between Cherokee and 36th from Monroe to Madison is not paved and deep holes and not only is hazardous to drive through but also has huge accumulation  water after rain and takes weeks to dry out. Paving would alleviate and problem is been ongoing for about 10 years.
The whole street
3  m
There are several large potholes as you travel down  hill from  location.
Potholes running east to west at  intersection  29th St. and C St.
Pothole -- big one -- southbound Camino Ruiz between Miralani and Activy
There are many large potholes on both sides  Genesee Ave going both West And East all  way from Balboa Aves East onto 163 North and from 163 going West to Balboa Ave.
pothole
bad deep pothole
pothole
Pot holes in road on Potomac Drive,West  Saipan drive
Potholes on East bound side middle lane before Riverdale st.
Pothole northbound
Numerous potholes on Camino Ruiz between Mira Mesa Blvd and Capricorn, and on Capricorn between Black Mtn Rd. To Camino Ruiz. Difficult to avoid due to parked cars along se roads.
10460 Clairemont Mesa Blvd .........NEAR VONS IN TIERRASANTATWO VERY VERY BIG HOLES IN THE STREET
Big pothole in right lane
Pot holes and lane delamination on I-5 (both north and south lanes) north  Genessee. Entire lanes are coming apart over about a half mile stretch.
Pothole
Pothole - center lane - eastbound 100 to 150 ft before light at shoal creek
Pothole
Pothole. Child tripped crossing  street as  pothole is on  pedestrian crosswalk across  street, across Dawes. North side  Garnet intersection
Large Pothole southbound on Catalina Blvd between Talbot and Jennings
Pothole on  way down  ramp towards pershings
Large pot hole
Large pot hole in alley, possibly a water leak under concrete.
Pothole in southbound left driving lane. 's a deep one too. Cars swerve for .
#3 WB lane right before  intersection huge pothole. No picture due to driving.
Right side  NB lane, huge pothole.
Pot hole
Huge pot hole
Pot hole. Dangerous. My wife fell into  and tripped hurting her knee.
Genesee Avenue between  163 and Linda Vista road, West bound. And continues if turn right to go north on Linda Vista from Genessee.
Two foot diameter pothole centered in  right side   left lane on  northbound side   road.  The pothole is about 50' south   left turn lane leading to  gas station and McDonalds area.
Large, deep pothole in  left turn lane from Washington E into 163 Fwy.
LARGE POTHOLE ON WEST SIDE OF 06TH DAMAGING VEH
Pothole one right lane near bus stop
Capricorn frm camino ruiz to beaton st in mira mesa both east and west bound.. Really bad
There are several potholes ranging in size from large to small all along Genesee Ave between Linda Vista Rd and  163.
Huge pot hole
Pothole in right thru lane on northbound genesee ave.  Right near lim line at intersection.  Several or potholes in area due to bus route.  Fill m all please.  This street is aweful.
Several potholes in southbound lanes  Genesee between Boyd and Marlesta.  Bus route is destroying  road and opening up existing potholes wh every pass.  Please fix all and put asphalt in cracks.
Several potholes in northbound lanes  Genesee between Boyd and Marlesta.  Most 1-2 foot diameter.  One very large one 6-8 feet long and 2ft wide.  Buses are causing potholes to widen wh every pass.  Please fill all potholes and put asphalt in cracks to prevent more.
two large potholes eastbound, near curb  between Santo and La Quentareported many times, getting worse
Pothole in eastbound lane  Pomerado right at  intersection wh Willow Creek Rd.
Right side carroll at Camino Santa fe
Pothole on La Jolla Village Drive, Eastbound direction between I-5 entrace/ex and Lebon Drive in  right lane. Right next to Aventine fice building. Seems to have been old pothole re which was filled, but re's a hole in that same place again.
There is a pothole in  northbound lane  Kleefeld Avenue at  intersection wh Clairemont Mesa Blvd just before  crosswalk.
When turning southbound on Kettner from Hawthorne re is a pothole in lanes
Located in  left lane by crosswalk
Left lane between mollendo and la Cuenta. Few feet wide, maybe a foot deep. Entire t-town section  Clairemont mesa Blvd both ways is checkered wh smaller ones
Sigsbees Street between Harbor Drive and Main Street in desperate need  repair. Pot holes crumbling pavement has been in state  repair for since May. I am a cyclist and bike to work each day to downtown Navy Region Southwest 937 N Harbor Drive retired Navy and Federal Employee.
The section  Clairemont Mesa Blvd in Tierrasanta (both east and west directions) is a leral minefield  potholes. I look like a drunk driver trying to negotiate m each day.  Sometimes I have to swing out to avoid one and almost end up in  adjacent lane.  They are getting larger and larger and  safety  all drivers is at stake.
There has been a sinkhole in  front yard next to  sidewalk now for 7 days. The management company   condo complex has told me that y called back on Friday  13th and have been calling everyday to follow up wh no response from  cy. Please let me know something. Thank you.
Multiple, large potholes on Clairemont Drive between Rappahanock Ave and Balboa Avenue.

Significant pothole at stop sign, and uneven bump in street.
Multiple pot holes
Multiple potholes  varying sizes on North Torrey Pines Rd., between La Jolla Shores Dr. and Muir College Dr.
There are two large pot holes on  street in front   home.
Potholes on I-5 NB onramp. Both lanes.
Large pothole on  northbound lane. Wide as  lane.
Uneven and poorly patched roadwork beginning at Villa La Jolla Drive, and extending south past Via Alicante now present as potholes.
pothole in street by sharp memorial hospal
Sinkhole
Large pothole in  middle  park blvd, El Cajon blvd intersection
Huge pot hole
Massive deep pothole. 's at least 2feet wide and 1ft deep. 's causing a driving hazard.
Large pothole in left most straight lane (not in turn lane).
Caltrans - Pothole on I-5 south just before ex for 163 North and 10th Ave.   was recently patched, but due to  rain,  pothole has come back.
Pothole
Pothole
Derp and sharp pothole middle  street
Large potholes at middle  intersection
Large pothole. Ruining vehicles
Capricorn Way from Black Mtn Rd to Camino Ruiz  potholes are near speed bumps which makes for hazardous driving on  street

Huge pothole left turn lane
Potholes in intersection on 4th Ave.
Pothole
Pothole where cement meets asphalt on eastbound Capricorn at Bootes
On W Hawthorne St left most lane under 5 Freeway multiple potholes
Entire stretch going towards Airport Terminal 1  from W Hawthorne ST is ltered wh potholes on all lanes
Northwest corner  ParkBlvd and Universy ave in Hillcrest. After ALL OF THE MONEY spent on  bus trans area on Park Blvd, could y not fix  deplorable condion   corner?? How could  happen and leave such a mess??
Large pothole in  middle lane going eastbound
Going east from #15,  is in left-hand lane between Santo Rd. and La Cuenta Dr. You can't miss ; must have radius  18 inches and be six inches deep in  center. Because   grade,  is hard to see in advance (especially when filled wh water); a driver must swerve quickly, possibly hting anor car or risk getting a flat tire or worse.
Big, deep pothole 6th and A
Miramar road going west from  end  Pomerado road (starting from  bridge right over 15 Freeway) has potholes in various lanes for  next 1-2 miles.
There is an EXTREMELY LARGE AND DEEP pothole at  corner  Park and Universy in  Southbound through lane.  's borderline sinkhole size.
Potholes/uneven surface
There is an EXTREMELY LARGE AND DEEP pothole at  corner  Park and Universy in  Southbound through lane.  's borderline sinkhole size.
Large bump, lift in  asphalt
East  light center lane
Pothole middle  intersection northbound
I'm reporting on  condion  my street, eastern frontage  54th st. Between stream view and marvin. Ever since  water pipeline replacement our street is badly worn. I have a Hugh pot hole right in front  my house and right at my driveway. Last year we received notice we were getting our street resurfaced,but never done. Our street is only wide enough for one car, so cars can't get around  pot holes.making  dangerous and causing tire damage. 29 yrs and no work on my st.
Damaged street wh pot holes and erosive along curbs
Street deterioration, sent 2 previous reports
Two very large potholes on  6th avenue ex   163. About 500 ft before  stop light in  left lane.
westbound lane
Serious and dangerous potholes in both east and west direction  Claremont Mesa Blvd in Tierrasanta.
large pothole 3 ft in diameter, w/s  intersection 8-9in deep
In front  my house at 18115 Mirasol Drive, San Diego, CA, 92128, re are numerous potholes in  center   street and along  outside edges   street that need to be filled.  There is also a speed bump in front  my next door neighbors house that has a big pot hole at  base   speed bump near  center   street.  The entire length   18000 block  Mirasol Drive, San Diego, CA, 92128 is Riddled wh Potholes and torn out Asphalt along 's outside edges.  Please have  crew make repairs to  entire block.  We have been in  house for 30 years and  street needed resurfacing when we moved in.  Please put us high on  list for re-surfacing, ASAP.Please feel free to contact me at 858-774-9246 if you have any questions.Thx! Gary Williams
Pothole at intersection  19th and C St.

HUGE pothole in  east bound lane closest to  center median...just blew my tire.
Potholes for  next 150-200 yards on both lanes.
Potholes
Large pot hole in  left lane both east bound and west bound near  median- also all down  left side   right lane going west bound re is moderate depth holes forming between la cuenta and santo. and a huge and pretty deep pot hole on clairemont mesa bl near  vons parking lot in  left lane, could cause tire damage if h at higher speed. Vehicles slam on brakes to avoid hting  and may cause some rear end collisions

PER PD, SINKHOLE FORMING
Multiple, deep potholes on  eastbound and westbound Genesee Avenue between Linda Vista Road and Richland Street.  Please repair ASAP.  This part   street is in very bad shape.
street is delaminating
Pothole
There are few large potholes (more like sinkhole) between 163 Genesee west ex and Linda Vista road.  Cars were swinging when y drove through  street.   created danger road condion for motorists.  Please fix m.
3 very large potholes all toger. Thank you!
There are several severe potholes around  location on Aero Drive. There is one major pothole in  lane closer to  median on  west- bound side  Aero Drive. There is an even larger pothole right past  intersection  Aero and  Afton when traveling east.
Hello,Rancho Carmel drive suffers from numerous potholes north   56 freeway. Most   damage was created during  time that  street served as detour while  15 fwy was being expanded.  is a well traveled road and  condions are hazzardous now. Could you please send out a crew to check? Thank you. Leonard Kaljevic858-967-5173PS. I do not have any images but  is bad, believe me
I was getting f  15 North / 8 West freeway ex heading towards mission gorge road.  I struck a large pothole wh  right tire and temporarily lost control  my car.  Luckily I was able to keep from striking anor vehicle.  After I recovered control I drove to  Mobil station to find that  steel wheel was completely destroyed as well as  tire.  After I put on  spare I noticed that  car was still not feeling right so I took  vehicle to  dealership where y carried out an inspection to find that  strut, control arm and ball joint were also damaged during  incident. I was told I would need to subm a police report in order to file a claim wh  cy.
Right lane has multiple pot holes from Adrian St to Sports Arena.
A deep pothole at Washington st. East and entrance to 163.
ALL OF SUDDEN TWO SINKHOLES FORMED NEXT TO EACH
Pothole
POTHOLE BY TENNIS COURTS
LARGE POTHOLE AT NAVAJO & COLLEGE
Giant pot holes
Potholes on Gold Coast Drive east  Camino Ruiz
Potholes on Camino Ruiz north  Mira Mesa Boulevard
DEEP pothole forming around round metal maintenance access plate
Pothole
DRAIN COVER OPEN
Huge pothole on Kettner 100 feet north is Sassafras...Damaged my control arm on my car
Lid to manhole open
Large pothole on Governor at northwest corner  Governor and Genesee. In Universy Cy, 92122.
On  southbound side  Navajo Rd, re is eir a huge pot hole or a sinkhole.
An awful pothole on  163 ramp f  Washington street. I blew a tire and I'm sting here on  163 wh two or cars and just watched a third one pull up in rapid succession wh also flat tires. This is a HAZARD
Intersection  CarmelCanyon and DelMar Heights heading east!
The section  road  On Genesee, South  Linda Vista Road to  163 is TERRIBLE.   And north from 163 to LV Road  I  traveled to and from  just yesterday. I was shocked and  poor qualy   road. That whole stretch, both sides  Genesee. is hazardous because you have to zig zag to avoid HUGE POTHOLES..re are so many  is a shame.
Eastbound on Washington as you make left to enter for 163 north. Potholes for months getting very bad
Potholes in front  park
Pothole right lane
Road is torn up from water damage and patch work material is all strewn in  street.
Multiple potholes
POTHOLE IN ST - PD STANDING BY
Two large potholes (wide and deep) that started about a month ago and keep getting worse.
Two ft
My wife was traveling west on Balboa from  163 north ex.  The pothole is in front  Chevron on Balboa just before Mercury Blvd in  first lane (not turning lane).  There is too much traffic and s dark at 7 pm to take a photo now.  The incident occurred at 6:30 pm. I work across  street at Volkswagen  Kearny Mesa and have noticed  pothole re for some time now.  The pothole was not visible as  is dark at 6:30 pm and cars are traveling westbound.Please advise me what  next step is for reimbursement.
Pothole
A pothole at  intersection.
Repaired pothole crumbling
Pothole
Pothole between Margerum and Parkridge.
There is a large pot hole in  bicycle lane spanning  width   lane.
Pothole
Three large potholes along 6500 block  Mt Aguilar Drive. West bound side. First by corner  Mt. Aguilar and Mt. Auburndale. The second and third ones at 6548 and 6588 Mt. Aguilar Drive in Clairemont area.
POSSIBLE SINKHOLE
Multiple gigantic potholes on both lanes heading northbound on PCH from 5N. Caused flat tire
There are several significant potholes that are causing a hazard for drivers and pedestrians.  The whole street is in immediate need  repair
Very deep trench, which is likely to cause damage to vehicles.
LARGE POTHOLE
There are several potholes in  street.
Deep pot hole across westbound right lane on Torrey pines rd.
Massive pothole after storms on 1/20/17
Pothole in right hand northbound lane right before 8 east on ramp
Large pothole in left lane eastbound adjacent driveway @ Mobil property
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES AT THE INTERSECTION.
Pot hole at 7th and universy
POT HOLES! Lots  m.
BIG pot hole.
7900 block. Friars rd.
Large Pothole, 1ft wide and 3 inches deep, getting worse, located in  east bound, number 1 lane on del mar heights at intersection  del mar heights/carmel country rd.
Very big potholes and street needs repair
3  large potholes on northwest corner  governor dr/geneses av.
Carmel Country Road north bound before townsgate
major potholes Northbound El Camino Real in Carmel Valley between 1/4 mile and 1/2 mile
Westbound Balboa big pot holes before,after le
Pothole in  middle   intersection size  a tire
Pothole on north side  Universy


Road damage need to repair
Almost broke my foot in  and re's many more
per sdpd onscene, large pothole going across  entire road.
Extensive
Very large pothole in  westbound right lane  Balboa Ave about 50 yards before  Charger Blvd intersection.  is about 10" x 18" and deep
Multiple pot holes
Potholes on ramp from 163 N to Friars Rd W
Potholes on Pacific Hwy after entrance going 5 north
Numerous large potholes. Caused damage to my vehicle.
big potholes in right lane going north on vista sorrento parkway.
Huge pot hole causing flat tires and traffic. A couple small ones before .
big pot hole in left lane east bound rancho bernardo rd.


Left turn lane
Major cracking and numerous potholes.
Both lanes
cy trenching filler sunk and lots  damage.  several wheel caps are strewn about  street from cars hting  so hard
Large pothole on Mt. Aguilar and Abernale



Big pothole



Rosecrans eastbound, far right hand lane just before landing rd
Two potholes

Sinkhole is getting worse in  location that  cy did construction on  sewer lines. 11038 westonhill dr, San Diego 92126
Pothole at framp intersection
Multiplele deep potholes
Gianormous pothole on  entrance  8east freeway
Multiple potholes
Large pothole in Lane 1  westbound Balboa Avenue near intersection wh Charger
Large holes in  road, come on man!!! 2 months now !!!!
Pothole
Large 2x2 pot hole causing hazard
8 inch deep pothole.
Deep pothole on Frost St at entrance to SHARP MEMORIAL HOSPITAL Main Entrance Arrival Plaza driveway.
Wide and deep pothole at traffic signal on southbound College Ave.
Large pothole in North bound #1 lane near 4681 Convoy St
Large pothole, damaged my car
Large porthole
Left turn lane
There are two potholes on  corner one is 3 feet by 3 feet 1 deep will cause major damage to vehicle
Pothole at least 6 inches deep and 1 foot long and wide



East bound lane
Per consumer:  Large pothole e/b Aero Dr in left lane
Large pothole
LARGE POTHOLE IN ST BETWEEN ULNEY & LAMONT
Big pothole in eastbound left lane on Grand just past Morrell
Pot holes
2 very large potholes. One was previously filled approximately 2 weeks ago, but patch has already broken out.

2X2 POT HOLE ON VIA DE LA VALLE NEAR US BANK AND SAN ANDRAS
POT HOLE IN EB LANES
P/H AT THE N/W/C OF GOVERNOR
Big pothole on Camino del Norte at  light turning right on Bernardo center drive
Golfcrest Drive has many potholes along  but  locations   greatest damage is on Southbound Golfcrest Drive between Monte Verde Dr and Tuxedo Rd.
Horrible pothole
There is extensive pothole damage on Eastbound Navajo Road from College approaching  Margerum Ave intersection. Although some minor potholes continue up  hill  Navajo Rd  deepest/largest sections are before approaching  Margerum traffic signal.
Bad pothole
2 deep potholes
A strip  street, running across both sides   road, has a large (approx 14 inch wide) gap (about 6 in deep) that spans across a section  street that spans 2 traffic lanes. Cars traveling in each direction are being affected now.
4 huge pot holes on Capricorn

Pothole on El Cajon bad in front  huy's auto repair


Pothole near intersection

Pothole in front  Jackson Hewt tax service on El Cajon blvd

Southbound Convoy St,  South   Convoy St & Kearny Mesa Rd/Ostrow St intersection
Pothole middle  major intersection
Pothole middle  major intersection
Very large pothole in left lane before light.
Cold patch failing, pothole started in crosswalk.
#2 lane heading east
Huge crack in road right in front  overlook apartments
Heading towards universy ave
Intersection  Del Diablo Way and Peasquos Dr.  This area f  street is not visible during a hard downpour.  The pavement breaks when cars drive over  area during  rain,resulting in broken pavement hting parked cars and potentially pedestrians including kids walking home from  neighboring school.
Pothole on westbound Balboa at intersection  Balboa and Mercury
Deep pothole on Balboa Avenue (westbound) I. Front  Chevron (on Mercury). Thank you
Multiple pjoles
POTHOLES
Severe pothole caused my tire to blow out. Dangerous condions
Pothole on Ulric St.  On  west side  Ulric St going downhill.
Pothole at  top   Adams Ave f ramp from I-805.  The pothole is at  Norast corner  Madison Ave/Ohio St.  (Next to  Stop sign and discarded wood.)
Pothole in eastbound lane.
There was/is a pothole next to a manhole cover in front  BJ's Restaurant.
POT HOLE
pothole at intersection on south side  Governor at middle   Stresseman intersection
Very wide and deep pot hole in left lane as going east after Santo intersection.  There is one on  or side   street, too. when going west from La Cuenta. I did not take picture  .  In picture below,  I am guessing that a nearby resident put bricks in hole.  Surely  not a temporary fix by road crew!
Massive potholes in alley

Pothole
lots  Potholes please fix  soon  is travelling from Poway road & going to I-15 (North Side) also Lots  Lights are not working
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole. Thanks.
Two large potholes in  left hand lane
Pothole thanks.
PER CONSUMER THERE IS A LARGE POTHOLE IN THE EAST BOUND LANE OF GRAND AVE PRIOR TO KENDALL INTERSECTION.
Huge pothole in middle  intersection Rancho Bernardo Road and Bernardo Oaks Road. I took a picture please fix immediately as we have lots  seniors around here and won't show up in  dark are underwater. Thank you
potholes
The street has multiple pot holes,  appears  street had been graded in preparation  re paving, but that has not occurred.
Two large potholes in  middle   intersection. Rancho bernardo at bernardo oaks.
Enormous pothole
multiple large potholes in palm/Saturn intersection
When making  turn from Genesee to Governor, re are se two large potholes.
Multiple large potholes at multiple places on  street crossings
Horrible deep pothole- could damage cars
LARGE POTHOLE IN WB LANE CAUSED DAMAGE TO VEHICLE ON PACIFIC HWY
Severe potholes along  Genesee Ave stretch.
Big pothole on busy street after recent rain in front  636 Nautilus St. La Jolla, CA 92037
Corner by Bernardo Center Drive  deep pot hole
Potholes in WB lanes
Large pothole in middle  road.
LARGE POTHOLE (LEFT TURN LANE)
big pot hole on Sunset Cliffs Blvd and Newport Ave  on  east south side
Two large pot holes on Morena, located at  intersection  Morena Blvd and Baker
There is a pothole in  lane as you just turn right onto Governor Dr. coming up from Geneesse Ave (heading south) in  lane next to Gas Station on  corner. Thanks
Temporary patch possibly related to UTC construction has come up and re is a large pothole in  middle lane
Big.
POTHOLE
H  pothole and  flattened tire immediately
ON PACIFIC HY BEFORE WASHINGTON , RUPTURED TIRE
LARGE HAZARDOUS POTHOLE PER PD, LOOKS LIKE IT IS TURNING INTO A SINKHOLE, 20 FT LONG
Driving east on Rancho Bernardo Road in traffic, 6:00 PM 01/21/2017.  Struck unseen large pothole causing damage to front tire and possibly rim and suspension.  Will not go into traffic at night to take picture  pothole.  Will subm picture  damage when available.
POTHOLE O
Large pothole NB Carmel Mtn Rd, between Rancho Carmel Dr. and Camino Del Norte. #1 lane
Wrote one 9 days ago. Said  wrong. From  15 east on Clairemont Mesa Boulevard to second street from  end. Getting very big and deep. Both sides   street.
Dangerous, deep sunken trench across entire Eastbound lane and large deep pothole in adjacent.  Severe enough to cause an accident  severely damage a vehicle.  Could cause accidents when trying to avoid on  narrow street.
Several bad potholes on Appleton at Genesee,  West side  Genesee.
Believe me, 's yuuge. Make Fairmont great again

Good sized pot hole in  middle   street in front  1425 Law Street in Pacific Beach. Please repair. Thanks.


BAD POTHOLE E/B DAMAGED TIRES
Large Pothole Caused me to have flat tire and bent rim!  Car pulled into RBHS where I was waing for AAA wh  same right behind me.
Huge potholes all along eastbound garnet/balboa
Appears deep.
There is a Crater, or close to being a sink hole heading East on Scripps Poway Parkway. s in  far right lane. My car ended up in  hole, and scrapped my rim against my tire. ITS HUGE!
Large pot hole on Universy Ave. Near I-15 ramp
Abandoned railroad tracks at  west end  Washington Street at Pacific Highway. Cars cross se tracks multiple times as  tracks weave through traffic lanes. The tracks are old and not even wh  pavement.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE ON WASHINGTON EASTBOUND.
Pothole in  eastbound #1 lane at 131 Washington St.
; LARGE POTHOLE, 2 FT LONG AND 18? DEEP, PD STANDING BY, THEY SAYS ITS AN IMMEDIATE HAZ
Two very large potholes located close to  median
Pothole. Thanks.
LARGE pothole eastbound Washington Ave at  stoplight to turn onto 163. The pothole is approx 2' X 2'. Concern that  rain will flood  and cars will be severely damaged. I heard cars scrape  ground when attempting to drive over .
Big pothole coming f  805 north to Adams making  right turn
Pot
Big pot hole
Pot hole on San Dieguo, just east  El Camino Real
Several major potholes have formed over  past few weeks and are getting larger wh  recent rain. Potholes can be found traveling east on Clairemont Mesa Blvd from just before Santo Road to just past La Cuenta.
My vehicle struck a very deep pothole tonight at 8:28pm at  approximate location indicated on  map ( 3500 - 3548 Pacific Hwy). I suffered damage to vehicle.
large pothole caused by rain on norrn curbline  market street at 40th street intersection
LRG POTHOLE CAUSING DAMAGE TO TIRES
Huge pothole left side  #1 lane, after  end   f ramp. Ran over  and messed up my alignment :(
Damage from construction trucks.
Pothole by Lewis Middle school
Bad pothole in  #3 lane  eastbound Mira Mesa Blvd, just a few feet east   intersection wh Westview Parkway.  is about 2 1/2 feet by a foot and a half and maybe 8 to 10 inches deep. There are numerous potholes from here to I-15, I recommend that y all get patched at  same time.
Growing pothole in street, addional cracking and deterioration immediate area.
Two large potholes
OFFICER ON SITE,  2  LARGE HOLES IN ST , 1 S/B 1 N/B , HAZARD,  6 FT X 6FT    8" TO 12 " DEEP
THE POTHOLE IS BIG. 2 FEET BY 2 FEET AND 18 INCHES DEEP. AT TEH CORNER OF NEW SALEM STREET WEST AND CAMINO RUIZ. THERE ARE AL LOT OF POT HOLES ON CAMINO RUIZ NORTH TOWARD ZAPATO AVE. THIS HAS BEEN ON SCHEDULE ALRADY TWO TIMES THIS MONTH FOR DISTRICT 6 AND IT IS CLEAR THAT THESE WERE NEGLECTED. V
Newport and sunset cliffs. Massive pothole.
Pothole on right lane westbound balboa
Very uneven pavement at  crosswalk is scraping  bottom  cars and causes a hazard for pedestrians. Please even  out! Thank you
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Big a** pothole in middle  road
Deep pothole
 11th and C
The east bound side  Madison has a metal cover that's uneven to  road plus  middle   intersection is coming undone. Chunks are cracking f  road.
Massive pot hole, 3 feet across, about a foot deep. Cars turning onto NB163 from EB Washington must drive through  pot hole to turn.  Second report submted. Becoming a safety issue.
My car lerally bottomed out hting  hole..I'm sting at  gas station waing to see if I'll be on a flat in  next few minute..
Square porthole about 12"x12"x18" in  center   left lane on governor at  intersection  Radcliffe Dr. You h  pothole if you are making a left turn f Radcliffe onto Governor if you are coming from  side oppose   school. Also, on  or side  governor, when you are turning right  genesee ir are some big potholes next to  Uned Oil gas station.
Numerous potholes
2 layers deep!
Pothole
Open trenching
Many holes
The ENTIRE section on Rancho Carmel from Carmel Mountain to Ted Williams both North and South bound is deplorable!!!
7100 - 7300 block  Via Capri La Jolla CA 92037 is in absolute state  disrepair. Concrete section  road dates back to 1920 and is cracked, pot holed and causes suspension and wheel damage.  Where  asphalt and concrete section meet at 7100 block re is an asphalt speed bump that needs to be remove.  This is a highly traveled road wh traffic and needs to be fixed.
Pothole in right lane before crossing Clairemont Drive as you go West.
Deep sinkhole behind curb3596 /3598 Curlew St92103
The pothole is on Van Nuys street about 5 feet east   stop sign at Van Nuys and Candlelight Drive.
  intersection  RB Road and Bernardo Oaks. East bound lane, first lane is a large hole
Large pothole at  intersection  Bernardo Oaks Road and Rancho Bernardo Road
Pot hole where cement meets asphalt street
Some very dangerous potholes have surfaced from  heavy rains on both sides   north and southbound side  San Pasqual Rd but mostly on  Southbound side between Old Milky Way and Tierra De Dios.  You have to go on  oppose side   road to avoid m and  seems deeper than what normally appears after overuse   road and wh  rain.
Large pothole in Bernardo Center Drive just south  Rancho Bernardo Road. Next to an AM/PM gas station. Very deep.
Emergent, deep, on northwest corner as you turn from genesee south to governor west.
Large multi pothole
Per consumer:  Pothole in intersection
very large ,  damaged his car
Huge pothole in  leftmost eastbound lane.


Large deep pothole in  middle   intersection so  impacts traffic in all directions
Some significant potholes on westbound Scripps Poway Pkwy, center lane.
Potholes near  corner  Sixth Avenue and Upas St.
Entering  8 east freeway re are about 3 huge potholes tried to avoid 1 pothole and h a really large sized one.  caused a gaping hole in my tire. I was able to ex around to  gas station, because I have run flat tires and fill  tire back up wh air, n drive back home. The pot holes are very large in size and very dangerous. I was going to call 911 at  time but I know re is no  cell service in that area and things were happening very quickly. I have attached a picture  my tire below.
Pothole on  corner  Olney and Reed
Multiple large potholes along Genesee Ave in both directions between Richland St. and Linda Vista Rd.

Pothole that damaged my car on rosecrans.   Street light wasn't functioning as well in order to light up  area.
Many large potholes from Hydra  Street northbound to Calle Morales
Latge pothole at Calle Morales and Ave Del Gato
Multiple potholes
Numerous large potholes between Hydra Ln. and Capricorn on North bound Camino Ruiz
Potholes from hwy 15 to Bernardo center drive on Camino Del Norte west bound lanes
Potholes on midway between USPS and Rosecran
Potholes are sever
Pothole in intersection and chunks  asphalt
There is a large pothole at  stoplight where cars are going East on Washington Street turning left to get onto  freeway 163.
POTHOLE
pot hole in right lane
East bound Washington turning left onto 163. MASSIVE pothole
Wide deep pothole on Bernardo center road just south  Rancho Bernardo road
Pothole at WB right turn lane on new Salem
POTHOLE BAD HAS CAUSED DAMAGES TO CARS
Broken street
Large and deep pothole, rectangular shape. Capable  doing tremendous damage to a tire. Should be given immediate attention.
Adjusted location on mine last night. Rectangular deep pot hole in second lane.  Saw two cars wh flats on side  road.  On drivers side  lane. Tire not repairable and neir is  rim.
No picture due to driving. Huge pothole in  middle   EB left turn lane to  CA 163
Alley is riddled wh absurd potholes
Pothole
Potholes in entrance to dusty rhodes park
Going eastbound on Montezuma Rd. Several dangerous potholes opened up due to recent weekend storms. Please repair m.

Several potholes from Mount Blackburn Ave to address on Mount Everest Blvd.
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Alley south  Conrad, Dubois Ave
Pothole
Potholes
Vehicle damaging pot hole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Seven potholes or more at  intersection  Convoy and Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Traffic has to slow to a crawl in order to not damage vehicle.
Pothole
A giant pothole after a speed bump on  westbound lane  Capricorn way between Ganesta and Westonhill Dr. Please re-pave  entirety  Capricorn way.  is impossible to drive on  street while trying to dodge  numerous potholes.
Two potholes in front  11202 Ganesta Road.
Large pothole on Texas northbound lanes at Camino Del Rio So.
Four or five potholes in a continuous bunch. The pavement is all cracked and rutted. Please re-pave  area, as  pavement is all loose.
There are many potholes on Mount Henry Ave. Both sides   street have holes every 5-10 feet or so.
Pot hole
A large section   south side  Adams Avenue between Winona Ave. and  alley to  west has subsided a couple  inches below  level   rest   street in  past month.  This is also now happening on  west side  Winona by  curb in front  4684 and 4688.
On  two west bound lanes  Camino Del Norte between I-15 and Bernardo Center Drive, re are at least 20 potholes that need to be filled.  The first pothole is on Camino Del Norte about 25 yards before  intersection  Paseo Montanoso, and  last potholes are at  intersection wh Bernardo Center Dr.
Several large potholes on Seminole Dr, close to Art Street (by Clay Park) in 92115.  These have been here for que some time and are growing worse.
There is one pothole on  right eastbound lane  Camino Del Norte approximately 200 yards east   I-15.  From  look   pothole,  appears  could be more than a pothole, maybe a sink hole.   is only about 10 inches across, but appears to be deep.
Many pot holes
Pothole
2 large potholes and 2 small potholes are in front   Parc@54 condos.


There are three potholes at intersection  Carmel Mountain Road and Rancho Carmel Dr.  The first pothole is in  left southbound lane  Carmel Mountain Road about 15 feet before  intersection wh Carmel Mountain Road.  The second pothole is at  beginning   westbound lanes  Rancho Carmel Dr as you leave  intersection wh Carmel Mountain Road.  The last pothole is on  left northbound lane  Carmel Mountain Road as you leave  intersection wh Rancho Carmel Dr.
  foot  my street San Joaquin Drive, where  intersects Loring St., several potholes are growing in size due to  rain.  Our current rain is flowing quickly down  steep part  San Joaquin Dr. and is aggravating  problem.  The mayor has publicized his fer to help fix our streets.  This is a request for se potholes to be filled (wh a material that will last).
camino del norte & paseo lucedo
There are 3'big pot holes at that corner
pot hole in st
Many potholes around  whole block
This block is riddled wh potholes  varying sizes.  is a public safety issue at  point.
deep pothole heading south on Sunset Cliffs near W. Pt. Loma
Big pot hole
Florida St &Robinson St huge hole at north -west corner, stop sign
Potholes getting deeper on Seminole Drive near Henry Clay Park.
 would take me too much time to identify all   potholes individually.
Multiple potholes on Seminole Drive near Clay park
Multiple potholes on Golfcrest Drive between Tuxedo Road and Ruane Street.
Pot hole dangerous to vehicle tires
Potholes
All  Barnard has potholes. This street badly needs  many deep potholes filled. Thank you.
On  corner  Carmel Mountain and Rancho Carmel Dr, heading southwest on Rancho Carmel Dr.   is on  right lane, as you are turning right onto Rancho Carmel Dr from heading south from Carmel Mountain Rd.
Multiple pot hole norast lane.
On  far left lane heading north on Carmel Mountain Rd, before  left turn lane onto Camino Del Norte stop light.
There is a string  potholes on  road heading south on Avenida Venusto, from Bernardo Heights Pkwy till Avenida Rorras.  Some   potholes are small, however majory are getting larger from  rain.
The recent rains have made  potholes on Seminole Avenue (adjacent to Clay Park) in Rolando pretty bad.
All along Seminole by Clay Park needs work.  Street is in terrible condion from  construction  Blvd. 63.
LARGE POTHOLE THAT DAMAGED 2 VEHICLES TIRES
Huge pot hole wh rocks all over  middle   road.  Huge hazard for cars and motorcycles.
On  corner  Del Diablo and Penasquos dr. HUGE pothole that has grown from  heavy rains. This corner is heavy wh traffic and re is always a pothole that develops re even though  cy fixes  EVERYTIME.
BAD POTHOLES
Eastbound Washington St turning lane onto  163 re is a huge pothole in  middle   lane which causes major delays in getting through  light as people try to avoid .
The street light was down on  Rio San Diego Drive and Qualcomm intersection. On  right lane going towards Friars Road East, re was a big pothole right passed  intersection and  damaged my right front rim.  was at 7:30pm on 1/22/17
This whole road is bad.
Pothole in middle lane
Potholes in  eastbound #3 lane in  5500 block  Miramar Rd.
Pothole in front  6160 Marindustry Dr.
Really ginormous pothole. Corner  6th and J. On J.
Pothole on  north side   intersection  11th Ave and C St.
15 to 20 inch diameter, 6 to 8 inch deep pot hole in entrance lane by "Vista La Jolla" monument sign.  Smaller areas nearby and about 100 feet furr west on Excalibur.
pothole approximately 1 foot in diameter and several inches deep in  westbound right hand lane  Scripps Poway Parkway just before Springbrook Dr.
Potholes in  intersection  Convoy St and Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Large hole across street.  Might have been from some   street work.
Potholes in  eastbound #3 lane in  7600 and 7700 blocks  Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Gigantic pothole caused my tire to slash
The entire east and  westbound on el cajon blvd needs to be repaved. This street hasnt had any TLC in years. There are potholes everywhere on each side   street. From about 52nd street all  way west to  15 freeway and from  15 freeway all  way east to about euclid st. I am begging to have se streets repaved. On top  all  potholes eadt and west bound.... would really make  entire street look alot better. Please please please see what can be done wh  street instead  just filling up  potholes.
Pothole on  east side   intersection  Poe St and Rosecrans St.
Pothole on  west side   intersection  Freeman St and Rosecrans St.
Potholes in  southbound #2 lane at 2616 Rosecrans St.
Pothole in  southbound left turn lane to W Point Loma Blvd in  4600 block  Nimz Blvd.
Pothole on  east side   intersection  Voltaire St and Catalina Blvd.
Pothole on  north side   intersection  Hancock St and West Washington St.
Pothole in  #1 lane on  transion ramp from southbound Pacific Highway to West Washington St.
lg potholes all down w.point loma dr. and rosecrans
There is a massive pothole on East bound Washington iin  left turn lane that takes you to  on-ramp   163.  There is barely room to make  turn whout eir driving into  massive hole or hting  curb.
Cracks and big potholes due to construction trucks during construction  Blvd. 63, still waing to be fixed.  Hopefully  Blvd. 63 builder will pch in because we are left wh ir mess on all   small residential roads y used to drive huge semis full  heavy equipment and supplies. If not maybe  cy can deny future perms for  company.
Huge potholes. Rain has made m even larger and  is hard to see and avoid because y are dark and filled wh water.  This street is difficult to drive on.
The street light on Rio San Diego Drive and Qualcomm Street intersection is not working. There is a big pothole going towards Friars Road East, Right lane, a few feet passed  intersection.  caused damages to my front ride side rim and back ride side rim at approximately 7:30PM on 1/22/2017.
East bound lane near  center divide. small pothole about 1x3 that's causing damage to cars wh smaller tires and rims.
Several pot holes east and west bound on Camino De Norte between I-15 and Dove Canyon
A massive pothole on  intersection  Gresham and Felspar on  Norrn side.
LARGE POTHOLE THAT CASUED DAMAGE TO VEH, HAZ
There's a huge pothole heading east on Imperial Avenue and Valencia parkway.
Multiple pot holes at  corner  Del Cerro Blvd and College Avenue.  Decayed road causes cars to slow down at  corner and disrupts  flow  traffic.
Potholes at West 94 freeway by 30th St ex
There are many potholes on genesee ave when you get f  163 south and go right towards Linda vista rd. From  ex ramp to linda vista rd going west on genesee ave.
Pothole in left lane, before  turn lanes
Large potholes in both east and westbound directions
LARGE POTHOLE , CAUSING TIRE DAMAGE TO VEHICLES
I contact you for years requesting road to be repaired now I see your going to repair down  street but not in front  my house.After I sent you photos  my tires being damaged and many photos   street.I have a question why did you in 2011 repair calle cumbre to sedgewick st wh a 39 oci and sedgewick st to calle sal si puedes wh oci 39 when 2977 morningside st to sedgewick st was rated 31.99 oci and morningside to calle casas bonas was 25.11 oci but yet no repairs.Now if you don't add to work order in front  my house I'm going to contact mayor and  media you know what I think I'll contact m anyways you've been given plenty  chances to repair  roads.I have copies   all emails sent through  years photos   street dated and letters you have sent me.My new tires are already damaged because   streets and I have a bad heart condion and can no longer deal wh 
OFFICER PLACING BARRICADES SEVERE POTHOLES, HE GOT A FLAT TIRE & DAMAGE UNK DIRECTION
LARGE POTHOLE , 5 FT LONG AND 2 FT WIDE , HAZ PER PD
Rancho Carmel Drive between Carmel Mntn. & Ted Williams particularly south bound, in very poor condion.  Several potholes, road in general deteriorating.
Multiple potholes
Turn lane to 163. Massive hole.
Bad pothole. Damaging cars and truck suspensions. Whole stretch from El Cajon south to  8 freeway is ltered wh potholes as well.
There is a car-sized pothole in  south/westbound #1 lane.
There are numerous potholes in  north/eastbound lanes for over a mile   poorly maintained road starting at College Avenue.
There are numerous potholes in  northbound lanes   poorly maintained road beginning between Interstate 8 and Del Cerro Blvd.
Traveling 5 South before merging on to Pershing and 94east h a Large pothole in right lane. Damaging front and rear driver's side tires around 1100pm, unable to take photos  hole.

Several  small developing  potholes and a large deep pothole southbound Park Boulevard at universy
When turning right from La Jolla Scenic Drive onto La Jolla Village Dr re is a big pothole.
westbound on home avenue. re is a big pot hole just before menlo ave
HUGE potholes! Definely causing tire damage! Hillcrest area. Eastbound Universy Ave, turning left onto Northbound Sixth Ave. Also, many addional potholes on Northbound Sixth Ave onto 163 freeway onramp. Please fix se potholes. They are HUGE. Patchwork is not good enough.
westbound on home avenue a ltle before  traffic light that allows you to enter  805 North freeway (left turn lane), re are 2 big potholes that can cause damage to cars and a few smaller ones that will grow.
Huge, damaging potholes. Westbound Friars Road in  Left Turn lanes going to Southbound Rancho Mission Road. This is my second request on  issue. Nothing has been done yet. These potholes are HUGE and y WILL damage wheels. Please fix! Thanks.
Pothole
re are two potholes at 2500 garnet at Soledad Mountain rd (4600 block)  potholes continue to persist.  Someone dumped some asphalt in m on my last request, rained again and washed  asphalt out.  Need to be fixed properly, try hot asphalt/tar repair.  The potholes are at corner  Garnet and Soledad Mtn Rd.
Four potholes have opened up on Sea World Drive going west just prior to San Diego River.
Due to  recent storm, I am attaching two photos  potholes in front  my house located at 3424 Governor Drive, San Diego, CA 92122.
 large, jarring pothole at 2800 garnet at mission bay drive persists.   is in #2 east bound lane at corner where 7-11 store is.
Big OL hole in  east bound lane and growing
Long crack across half  street. Keeps breaking down and bs come up and trip people walking by.  By husband has vision problems and has tripped many times.
Numerous large deep potholes NB Genesee between Mesa College and Balboa Ave. Why can't y be fixed properly so next time  rains y don't reappear?
Pothole
The whole corner is broken down.   Uneven surface.   People trip on  every day.
Pothole
There is a large pothole Ulric Street (going south) between Ta and Fashion Hills Blvd.
Multiple pot holes west bound N Harbor Drive from Hawthorne down to airport.  Several sections  alligator pavement.
Very large pothole in  left, westbound lane.
There are several pot holes on  street.  looks like a mini autocross event to get around all  holes. These holes have been here prior to  storms we have had lately. After  storms  holes just got even bigger.  is a 2 lane road and both lanes have several potholes from Westmore Rd to Aquarius Drive.  I cannot upload images because  is a main street and is busy on a daily basis. There are around 8 pot holes including a section  uneven road due to  asphalt. Thank You.
E/B ON BALBOA JUST WEST OF GENESEE-9 POTHOLES
POT HOLES ON STREET
Pot hole on mission center rd ex
Pothole just north  roundabout has reopened
Pothole in right hand land at stoplight when exing 52 and preparing to turn left onto Regents road northbound
Two pot holes right before  light
3 large potholes at  corner  Governor Drive and Genesee Ave - northwest corner
LARGE POTHOLE CAUSED 2 BLEW OUT TIRES - EB LANE ON  SAN DIEGUITO .5 MI BEFORE DEL SUR
ON  corner  3777 La Jolla Village Drive & LeBron re is a huge pot hole that has caused already 2 tire damages, One  m was to an Audi, and  or was a Toyota, can we please have  fixed.
Large hole
Large pothole   at La Jolla Scenic North & La Jolla Village Dr.
Camino Ruiz (especially  northbound side) has 6-10 potholes between Mira Mesa Blvd and Capricorn. A few are pretty large (1-2 feet) and cars are swerving to avoid m, crossing lanes, and generally driving crazy.
Huge potholes on  Pacific highway north
Large & deep
There is a severe pothole in  far right lane when heading west on Balboa at Mercury St at  corner   Chevron station. There are several ors when you make a right on to Mercury St between Balboa and Engineer.
There are several potholes on  east and westbound sides  Clairemont Mesa Blvd--especially between Santo and Antigua.
Reports Potholes on Palm Ave Between Firethorn St. and Beyer Way.
There are several potholes in  far right lane  Convoy when approaching  light at Ostrow.
Pothole on Piccard & Del Sol Blvd
Large pot 15x4 x1ft Polic wants expeded.
Pothole in intersection
There are so many potholes on genesse ave by linda vista rd and 163 freeway.  Big and small pot holes.
Theres few pot holes on areo dr by kearney villa rd. Big and small potholes
1foot by two feet about four inches deep on number two lane going east bound. Very dangerous, wh chunks  rocks and specially to motorcyclists.
Potholes in westbound lane.
Potholes westbound lane
Numerous large potholes on Highwood by Gage Elementary School. Also numerous large potholes on Boulder Lake.  is getting worse. Something has to be done and re-surface se streets.
Deep pothole, looks like  was cut out for utily work and not fixed
Intersection :  Rancho Bernardo Rd. (east)  and Bernardo Oaks Drive, re is a huge (approx. 5' x 3') pothole that my car went into last night (1/22/17).  was dark so I could not see  pothole till I went over  AND MIGHT HAVE DAMAGED MY CAR. Will take my car in.
Numerous, Numerous POTHOLES on Rancho Bernardo Road between Pomerado and Bernardo Center Dr.  BOTH WAYS -- GOING EAST & WEST ON RANCHO BERNARDO RD.
College Ave.:  northbound between I-8 to Del Cerro Blvd (high traffic)Several deep potholes along  high traffic road stretch.   This is not just one or two potholes but a succession  deep potholes.
There is a huge pot hole in  middle lane  EB Friars Road just west  Riverdale Road.
Pothole in  right lane  EB Gramercy just east  Sandrock Road.
String  10+ potholes
Pothole in middle Lane, 2'x2'x2'
Many giant potholes in intersection  Sports Arena and Rosecrans, and more along Rosecrans to  northwest.
Potholes on Logan Ave  from 4901 Logan Ave  to 4925 Logan Ave San Diego
Waring Rd westbound between Navajo Rd and Princess View Dr. are several deep potholes in  righ-thand lane throughout  multi block stretch.  This is a high traffic street.
Large pothole northbound on Morena Blvd before Paul Jones Ave
East bound lanes on ted williams parkway before Shoal Creek DrivePotholes on Left and Center lanes
Multiple Potholes
Northwest corner  clairemont Mesa and convoy
Large pothole opened up on north side  Del Diablo Way, near intersection wh Penasquos Dr.
Street is full  pothole craters in both north and south directions.
Potholes
There is a large pothole in  middle lane  Ted Williams Pkwy at Shoal Creek Dr.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE ON GRAND EASTBOUND PRIOR TO THE QUINCY INTERSECTION.

two big pot holes at  corner  Lake Murray Blvd and San Carlos Blvd. is on  San Diego side.
My steering rack and pinion were damaged by hting a GIANT pothole exing  5 South on front Street over  weekend. I took my car (2010 Hyundai Elantra) to mechanic because after hting  pothole my steering wheel didn't feel right and y told me what was wrong. Estimate to repair  damage caused by pothole is around $975. Please, please help me fix . There was no way to avoid  hole because  traffic and I'm afraid my car isn't safe to drive.
Large deep pothole in  intersection  Universy and Park, in  southbound lane.
South bound lane on convoy at Daggett st.
West bound lane at Mt casa
There are 4-5 growing potholes on gennesse ave westbound
Pothole
Pot holes both east and west  Acena Dr
There is a huge pothole in  lane to  left   far right lane on   corner  balboa and mercury.
Pothole on 805 f ramp.
Huge pothole in left hand lane
AREA SINKING BEHIND PROP (REF'D  FROM SEWER DEPT)  CROSS REF 4058209
Pothole
Large and deep pothole in crosswalk
Dangerous pothole. Caused a flat tire.
Southbound #2 lane  traffic on Regents Rd.
Pothole in  middle   intersection getting bigger every day. I thought for sure my tire was destroyed driving through
Update on my pot hole report. East and west  Bernardo Oaks Dr on Rancho Bernardo Rd
In  intersection Of Rancho Bernardo Rd and Bernardo Oaks Dr.4 ft. x 3ft. Asphalt has broken f.Also  note East Bound on Rancho Bernardo Rd.  to Meandro Drive, ( about 1 1/2 blocks)  multiple potholes and broken asphalt have occured.
Eastbound #1 lane  Aero Dr. at Sandrock Rd. Currently re is a traffic cone inside  pothole. Estimated TWO-FEET deep.
Pothole far right lane just before mission center ex
Pot hole in west bound lane and also one close to Pomerado
Deep pothole that my right wheel fell into is located on Park Blvd, southbound right side  lane just after crossing Universy Avenue.  This caused undue stress on  suspension  my car.
Pothole deep in x walk swc
Potholes !!
Multiple severe potholes all along Gold Coast Drive in Mira Mesa between San Ramon Drive and Westchester Avenue.
SEVERE pothole from storm - large (approx 3-6 foot long "pothole" / broken away part  street - left lane   west bound traffic
Large pothole directly next to manhole cover
LARGE POT HOLE CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE & 4 OTHER CARS
Sb  and at cross walk pot holes and a ltle north on harbor dr.
I was driving west bound on Brooklyn ave approaching 60th. Before I got to  stop sign my truck fell into a huge cavy in  street damaging my front suspension and splting my front driverside tire an bent my wheel. Thanks
Popped my tire thanks sandiego
There are two potholes at  crosswalk on burgener blvd and clairemont dr.one is  before  crosswalk northbound side closest to old Mcdonald's where  black top road meets  cement crosswalk near  curb and  or is after  cement crosswalk in middle if  road on clairemont dr but in  crosswalk on burgener blvd
On Balboa westbound from  805 Huge pot hole caused tire damage.
There is a Huge pothole on clairemont dr in  middle   road at knapp st. s really big.  could cause a a flat tire
Pot holes and cracks
Street very bad condion, water go over  street wh rain. Please came to see  soon is posible.
There are a number  potholes on  Boulevard that cars are forced to avoid as y enter Ocean Beach. This is a poor greeting to  communy and reflects badly upon local stewardship. Lets put some folks to work repairing se potholes between Lotus St and Narragansett Ave.
There is anor pothole in  areas underneath  f ramp from  Evans Jones Parkade. This is when you are 1st Avenue and you are going 1st and A Street, San Diego,CA 92101.
Pothole. Right lane. Balboa and charger blvd
Construction on street that has been covered wh steel sheets. There has been no follow-up construction for weeks, but se metal sheets remain still. The asphalt holding m is slipping, exposing gaps in between sheets. Feels very dangerous to drive over.
Large pothole
Pothole
Genesee West from  163 f ramp towards Linda Vista road have multiple and deep potholes along  road. Both lanes have deep potholes that are in need  repair
There are several potholes on  street due to  heavy rain condions and  heavy truck traffic due to CarMax.
There are multiple potholes on both sides   street starting on Genesse Avenue all  way to Clairemont Drive.
large pot hole at intersection   Escala rd and Chretian Ct.
6 large potholes heading north on Genesee Ave
Over a dozen potholes from here to Mount alifan Drive heading north on Genesee
Deep pothole right when you turn on to cy street from freeway. 's been re for weeks. Please fix 
Large pot hole heading north on Pomerado in fast lane.
Ex ramp from Friars west to Mission Village has a pothole just as you start up  ramp on  left side.
Large pot hole at intersection  Escala Road and Chretian Court
Several pot holes in  area  Pomerado
Southbound side  Bernardo Center Drive just south  Rancho Bernardo Road
A few potholes on clairemont dr. In front  Marston middle school north bound.  There is about 3 starting from  park all  way to ute st.
On  ex ramp from south I-805 to Adams Ave (actually onto Ohio St first) re is a pothole at  top   ramp right before  stop sign on  right.  Don't know if  Cy is responsible for  one or not, but thought I'd start here.  Thanks
Big pot hole on clairemont Dr west bound just past Edison st.
Several potholes  in 4300 block  Altadena Avenue
A broken utily cover in  street resulting in a pothole.
Constuent called to report a large hole that appears to be a sinkhole on  eastern side  Maple Canyon between Redwood and Quince. Hole started out small but is getting bigger and bigger.
I have a 2015 Mercedes Benz wh 4 brand new Pirelli tires. I live in Kearny Mesa area and go to San Diego Mesa Communy College I was driving to school and turning on  intersection  Balboa and Genesee around 2 pm on Monday 23 January 2016. There is probably around 50 potholes all  way down to Mesa college where I have I drive very careful swerve away from potholes everyday going to school and living over here.  has been like  for as long as I can remember but ecspically since I started driving 2 years ago. Today 2  my front tires popped instantly hting an extremely deep pothole right f  intersection as I continued to drive very slow down  road while  was raining hoping my care does not spin out, h anor pothole or stop driving I h at least 10 more pot hole. I have now been at  tire shop and  is estimated to be a wa for 2 hours. Please fix out San Diego roads, I h pot holes everyday especially in my neighbor and tires  . Now  is my second time at  shop for my tires popping on  same street going to my school in  last year and sick  . Please contact me wh how  cy  San Diego is going to resolve  issue.
Very deep and wide pothole. Danger for several days
Vehicle struck a pothole in  left lane at 2275 Grand Ave., San Diego, CA 92109 at approx. 7:30 PM on 01/21/17 resulting in heavy damage to both driver's side wheels (pictured)I towed vehicle via AAA to Firestone (6977 Friars Rd Ste 140-A, San Diego, CA 92108) where  is awaing repair. -Dominic Bonfim310-895-5757
S/B INGRAHAM ABOUT 100 YRDS SOUTH OF VACATION (3RD REQ)
There is a huge pothole on pacific highway shortly after you enter pacific highway from I-5 north.   has gotten bigger wh  rain.   appears to be dangerous especially for motorocycles.
Same pothole, 2 family members, 2 different cars (Prius and Lexus), 2 popped tires
POTHOLE IN THE INTERSECTION
Pothole
Numerous pot holes on Mira mesa heading east past Westview
Several locations:1) Corte Sabio and Paseo Lucido, on Corte Sabio 2) Carmel Moutain Rd and Camino Del Norte, on Carmel Mountain Rd3) on Paseo Lucido, between Camino De Norte and Highland Ranch Rd, both north and south bound
Pot hole from recent storms
A large bump and crack in  middle   road in front   address appears to leak out water from  cracks especially when  rains.
3 large potholes, right side   road. About 3x2 feet (times 3)
Large pothole at intersection, eastbound direction left  two lanes.
road is in dire need  major resurfacing work, but a number  potholes need immediate filling. Worse after  rain storms. Some potholes are now que large.  is a winey road by Orfilia Winery and main route to High School, Mall and Safari Park.  is in very dangerous shape.
Very large, deep pothole on Ingraham St and Chalcedony St. Also one at Ingraham and Missouri St.  Both are very large and dangerous. Both on East side  street on north bound lane.
 Sorrento Valley intersection
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POT HOLES ON GENESEE IN EITHER DIRECTION.

Both sides   street multiple deep potholes from Temecula St to Midway/Sports Arena Ave on W Pt Loma Blvd
5-6 VERY large potholes on  Camino Del Norte from HWY15 to Bernardo center dr.
Pothole
Several potholes at address indicted; all are growing in size daily.
Will Florida Street (between Cypress and Upas) become one large sinkhole?I just drove on that part   street today and re are large cracks on  street that were never re before, and  looks like  is due to rain damage.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A LARGE POTHOLE IN THE ALLEY BETWEEN 46TH ST & MENLO
BIG POTHOLE N/B
The potholes are in alley behind 4545 Arizona Street f Madison Avenue and In between Arizona and Hamilton 92116.HUGE HOLES  - please repair ASAP!
Potholes on Universy between 6th and 10 street are endangers public when fast moving vehicles try to dodge m.
This intersection has a couple potholes. There are also some heading east on Clairemont Mesa Blvd when leaving  intersection.
Big-ass pot hole in  turn lane on  163 on-ramp on Washington Ave, eastbound. https://www.google.com/maps/@32.7513416,-117.1513233,50m/data=!3m1!1e3
Large pot hole
Long narrow pothole
Numerous potholes Greyling Dr between Polland and Pinecrest
Big pothole at  top   framp  Adams coming from  805S. The actual street is Ohio.
Many potholes
Deep potholes westbound on governor just after intersection.
4 potholes in a row

e/b Rancho Bernarado left eastbound lane,
In left side  right lane (heading west) 100 feet before  intersection. Deep, square pothole.
pot hole 100 yards traveling n/e in front  cvs
There is a large pothole in  far left lane on Ash Street @ 4th Avenue.  This is causing cars to swerve over to  right lane to avoid  pothole.  I was nearly rear ended when  car in front  me swerved to avoid  hole.  Your immediate attention to  matter is always greatly appreciated.

Deep pothole that is not visible when re is water on  street.  Shook me up, even though I was traveling less than  speed lim.
Near cover
Deep pothole in traffic lane, eastbound Governor Dr. @ Radcliffe
Several large potholes
West Corner Park and Universy an park west side front  drug store very deep holes
DEEP pothole
Numerous deep potholes in alley behind apartments and Northminster preschool.  Alley is between Conrad Ave. and Clairemont Mesa Blvd.  Potholes are dangerous because y are not visible at night or when  alley is wet.  There are so many potholes that is  impossible to drive around m.  Children ride ir bikes in  alley, and parents use  alley to access  preschool.  Apartment residents park f  alley, so re is que a lot  traffic.
Conrad and frink
DEEP pothole

Several potholes between imperial Ave and commercial Street
Many potholes
Potholes, large, at Del Cerro Blvd and Mazda, College and Del Cerro Blvd, and College Ave between hiway 8 and Del Cerro Blvd
Pothole all along  edge   west side  street
East side  intersection. Behind cross walk.
West bound Balboa just before mt Culebra
Lots  Potholes, some are pretty big in size. Need repair ASAP.
1 good size pothole in  center  intersection
Pot hole.  Left lane
Pot hole in left lane
There are a few potholes in front   address and some ors nearby.
Big pothole at  corner  6th Ave and & Upas St.  If headed West on 6th Ave, pothole is as you turn Right on Upas.
Stretch  East bound Geneses Ave before Linda Vista Road is ltered wh huge potholes on both lanes.
Huge pothole almost at  corner  32nd & Commercial
Several consecutive potholes along west bound on North River Road.
Two or three potholes toger in  middle   intersection where  outside lane is turning from Carmel Valley Rd. left onto El Camino Real.
  entrance e are two large pot holes. Every resident must pass se. This street is f Towne Centre Drive.
Huge very deep potholes on Genessee between Balboa & Linda Vista red. Huge deep holes in both directions. Must be 30 potholes in that stretch  road!!!
There are somewhere between 10 and 20 large (1 ft diameter or larger) potholes on Capricorn Way in Mira Mesa between Black Mountain Rd and Camino Ruiz.
Pot hole on Clairemont dr from Freeway 5 to clairemont mesa drive
Several potholes at Bayview Heights Dr (westbound) and Kelton Rd.
Potholes on far right lane next to railroad tracks.
I-163 South at Universy Ave Ex.  The whole ex ramp has potholes from  ex ramp to Universy Ave, and on  entrance ramp to I-163 North from 6th Ave.
Pothole at Bernardo OaksDr& Rancho Bernardo Dr intersection.
Huge deep two potholes left lane just passed CVS pharmacy before Rancho Bernardo High School.My car has costly damage from se potholes. So sad. The rain has widened m overnight. Could not avoid potholes..traffic on my right side as I was driving in  left hand lane.
From 163 north all  way  up to Balboa Ave
Deep pothole on  northwest corner  street
Potholes on far right lane next to railroad tracks.
Many potholes on  genesee between Linda vista and 163.
Pick any portion  Poway Road between Poway and  I 15, West bound has  most potholes. And a couple more on  or side  15
There is a large pothole on La Jolla village dr heading west, just before  Lebon dr cross street, 's in  lane next to  entrance to  Hyatt hotel
Large deep hole.   very dangerous caused me to lose steerage. Can park truck in 
There is a pot hole on  5 South ex lane (FRONT/ CIVIC ex) s on  Front ex lane if not civic center before  fork. Sorry i cant take a picture because   location on  fwy lane and not a surface street.
Pothole
Large pothole on morena blvd. Nearest cross street is Baker st.  Hole is 2ft by 2 ft in size and probably 3-4in deep. Hard to see depth since was dark at  time.
Pothole
Deep pothole on right side  stop coming f  ramp at stop sign.
Pothole
Ginormous pothole on  corner be Uned
Convoy St, between Balboa Ave & Aero Dr, is covered wh potholes
This stretch on Morningside from Calle Salida del sol to Sedgwick has a bunch  potholes and is extremely bad and rough on our cars. . This road had been like  for que some time now and now wh recent storms 's not drivable now wh ruining your car.
Massive Pothole on road
Dch goes ALL  way across  street.  We have put stones in  but y washed away.
The pothole is located at 18655 West Bernardo Dr. entrance to Casa de Las Campanas.  The depression may be from water or sewer line that is causing  depression to increase. If  is leak that is causing  problem  would seem that working on  before  leak collapses  road which would cut f  senior living facily.  Being proactive might reduce  final cost and inconvenience.
several and several pot holes from 4900block  Euclid entering Fairmont North  hole mile  pot holes all  way to  ramp entering  ramp  8 West   Fairmont North  has been reported one half weeks ago.
Big pothole
2 potholes in right lane. 1 pothole in left lane.
Large pothole
Large pot hole where  asphalt line   on ramp and  concrete   8 freeway meet.
Pothole
Many potholes on Vista Hill into Meadowlark and Birmingham toward Rady Childrens
both directions have previous road damage, recent rains have exacerbated  issue.
Pot hole
Entire middle lane going west toward rancho bernardo road multiple potholes difficult to drive in lane
Lots  pot holes along Navajo Rd between Collage and Jackson Dr.
Elm Street is infested wh potholes. There are maybe 5 to 10 potholes on Elm Street. I would really appreciate m getting fixed to make my commute to school safer. Thank you.
Pot hole
I ride a motorcycle and  is so dangerous to ride to my house im afraid im going to crash again. I crashed  summer when my tire got stuck in a long pothole
From what I am told is  overflow parking lot on  or side  NH Balboa belongs to  cy. The road leaving base heading down to  parking lot is filled wh potholes and getting worse.  is awful especially wh compact cars. If re anyway to get  road patched up?  Thank you for your concerns.
Large pothole in  number 1 lane.Clairmont Mesa Blvd, eastbound, 50 yards west  La Cuenta, lane 1Addional potholes west  Santo Rd, eastbound.Since I can't complete  whout a photo and I don't have a photo   pothole, here's a nice cabbage and noodles recipe.
Large pothole on  corner  College Avenue and Madra Avenue in front   gas station
Several very large potholes on  corner  Universy Ave. and Park Blvd, southbound side. There is one especially large and deep pothole in  southbound lane so cars have to swerve in an unsafe manner.
Numerous potholes on northbound and southbound Rancho Carmel Drive. Unsafe and damaging vehicles alignment + wheels
Many big deep potholes all along Caddenway, at # 3825 big chunks  asphalt are flying up hting parked cars and cars that h a big hole are losing control causing a dangerous suation!
Multiple potholes
Multiple potholes on Poway Road (east bound) when making right on to Springhurst
Potholes
This entire strip on Alvarado from 70th street to down by hospal is tore up from  rain wh crazy potholes everywhere.
Pothole at Bernardo Oaks and RB Rd intersection
Two potholes at  intersection  El Cajon Blvd and Florida Street (southwest side  intersection).  Even when  is not raining re is water running down  curb line along El Cajon Blvd into  area which deteriorates  asphalt.
Two massive potholes, caused me to get a flat tire.
On  ramp going to fairmount from Aldine drive
Pothole right in front   intersection
Concrete repair, dropping and cracked , cars being destroyed!
The area between  163 South f ramp onto Genesee Ave to Linda Vista Road has countless potholes in both directions.  The worst   potholes are on  west side going toward Linda Vista Road.  There is going to be a serious accident in  area.  When driving, you are unable to avoid  potholes. Cars are swerving to dodge  holes and if you don't try to dodge, re is going to be serious vehicle damage not to mention swerving into or vehicles in  or lane.
SAME POTHOLE AS LAST TIME! There is 3  m.
Pothole at  intersection  Florida Street and Robinson Avenue (north west corner at stop sign).
This entire road is in such poor shape. Although  only way to get on  road is by access to  base I have been told  is  responsibily   cy.  This is a parking lot for  staff and overflow patient parking. There are buses that transport people to  main hospal causing more damage to  roads. I am not commenting on  status   parking lot, just  road to get to , although  parking lot is in pretty bad shape self.
Several bad potholes on Camino del norte

Big pot hole

Pothole
These potholes are a serious issue. I was just driving and h one. Now my tire is flat and I have to spend $200+ to get  fixed. Please fix  asap. And no, se potholes were not caused by  rain. They were re before.
Sunken roadway between Florida Street and Georgia Street on Robinson Avenue.  Sunken area is around what appears to be eir a sewer or storm drain manhole cover/pipeline in  middle   street.
Lots  deep potholes
Multiple pot holes on camino ruiz north after hydra ane
Multiple deep Potholes on both sides   street.
Multiple pot holes on capricorn way east after westonhil drive
Pothole if front  east bound traffic on Clairemont Mesa turning northbound on Santo
There are potholes all along Broadway Ave. starting from Madera St. to 65th St.
Series  potholes in  #1 westbound lane  Clairemont Mesa Blvd between Santo Rd and Antigua
Potholes along Cresta Dr & a large one at  corner  Cresta and Rios. Large potholes on Rancho Bernardo Rd/Espola on  East side  Pomerado Rd.
There are many many potholes on Camino Del Norte heading westbound beginning at  intersection  Bernardo Center Drive. There are many many potholes in  center lane, and a few in  right lane.  is impossible to drive in  center lane as you are trying to avoid all   potholes.
My car was damaged via  pothole. Had to replace tires and rims.
West bound Montezuma approaching I-8 ... multiple potholes becoming more severe as  day had progressed
Potholes on corner  Cantamar Rd. & Saturn Blvd., 92154
Huge pothole in  middle lane   east bound side  Friars Road in front  Stadium car wash.  Enormous!
There are several potholes on Elm Ave between 18th Street and Saturn.
Really bad pothole
Large, 3ftx3ftx 4-in deep, pothole on  right hand turn lane from southbound Regents Rd to westward Luna Ave. I had to drive over  pot hole to make  right turn
Pothole is forming in  street in front   house on 1932 David street
Ulric street has pothole that is growing in size when driving down hill towards Fashion Hills and Friars road.
A very large pothole, that caused $916.30 in damage to my car, is located on center Westbound lane  Mira Mesa Blvd at Camino Ruiz.  least a dozen or vehicles have incurred similar damage from encountering  pothole. Please fix ASAP!
Giant pothole Was fixed wrong by  cy   first time so  came back again .Need to come back and fix right.Thank you
Large pothole at  intersection  worden and valeta. Thank you.
A big pothole, 12-in x 12-in x 4-in deep, on southbound Regents Rd. No houses on Regents near pothole so cannot give you  house number.

Huge pothole. I almost got a flat tire bc  was so loud wheb i ran into . Must fix immediately. Some one is going to crash. Irs on morena blvd in  middle to center lane.  s huge. Thank you

s been reported multiple times and nothing permanent has been done. Road cracks and holes.
There was already an issue wh over 40 potholes between shoal creek drive and Ted Williams Parkway on-ramp on Rancho Carmel Dr. Wh  rain  last couple  weeks,  street has become unsafe and is a hazard.
The whole road from Carmel mountain road to  ex to  56 IHas been now for a couple  years getting worse and worse. And now after  rain.  is impossible to drive.  Please do something !!!
Muiltiple potholes on genesis Ave east and west from Linda vista road to  163 freeway
Numerous pothole in  3300 to 3400 block  Moreno Blvd., northbound. One hole in  #1 lane appears to be a sunken manhole that may be 5 plus inches deep.
Giant pothole, seems to be getting bigger se past couple days.
There are potholes galore on Genesse from  163 east to Linda Vista Rd. They are all over both sides  Genesse.

Deep pothole on Balboa Ave. just before Chargers Blvd by bus station. I have damaged my right tire and wheel very bad.Please fix .Thank you,Nenad Jovanovic
Several deep, wide potholes on both  east & westbound lanes  Clairemont Mesa between Antigua blvd & Santo rd.
There is a VERY large pothole in  left hand turn lane. ALSO on Pomerado Road on  southbound lane just before Escala Dr. re is a HUGE pothole. These two potholes are large and DEEP and could cause an accident and car damage.
Preparing to urn in he left lane i h a pothole and  immediately bent my rim and punctured my tire requiring me o call AAA and get towed to Fireatone where I had to pay $81 inorder to drive my car again.
Large multiple potholes at beginning  Haidas and Jutland
Huge deep holes
Potholes
Dangerous pot holes, many on both sides  street between Linda Vista and 163.
The pot hole is approximately 5 feet long by 2 feet wide.   Estimated, 6" deep in spots.  Traveling east on Rosecrans,  takes up 1/4 to 1/3   right lane and  south side   hole is up against  inside   whe, solid line, curb/sidewalk side.
Deep & Sharpy pathole
From Grape St to Terminal 2 including terminal 2 road,  are crater size potholes everywhere going both ways.
There are many potholes on  street  Sundance Ave in front  13143 Sundance Ave.  is getting worse during  rainy season, a lot  stone had been washed away and potholes are getting bigger. Immediate action needs to be taken.
Pot hole (maybe previously filled and sinking furr)
Pothole
Deep pothole right after  roundabout
Deep, tire-eating pothole near median strip.  Very dangerous! Many or serious potholes between Albatross St and Third Avenue on Washington St., but  one is  worst.  Could easily damage wheels or kill somebody on a motorcycle.
Potluck is in  Northbound left lane  Burgener Blvd at  crosswalk wh Clairemont Dr.
Potluck in  Northbound left lane  Morena Blvd just north  Baker Street.
Huge potholes. 2  m about 100 ft apart in  number 1 lane heading north after hydra lane.
Pothole in  West bound lane  Clairemont Drive between Edison Street and Clairemont Ct.
Most  Genesee Avenue between  163 overpass and Linda Vista Road.  Also many bad potholes along Genesee Ave between Linda Vista Road and Balboa Ave.
intersection  rb road and bernardo oaks dr has a huge pothole in  middle   lanes.
Multiple deep pot holes
Just guessing at  approximate location, turned right from Camino Del Norte onto Paseo Lucido, big bump, flat tire.  Did not take a photo since  happened about 8:30 PM on  way to pick up my daughter from a school practice at Rancho Bernardo High School, pulled into school to change  flat.  Not happy.
Many potholes on road.
Pothole bent my rim and s an expensive fix
Very large hole in road
Many
Pot hole in right hand lane at  mission gorge/fairmont intersection
Many potholes heading northbound

Giant pothole right past  wa line on  east bound left turn lane onto  163 freeway entrance.

The whole stretch  Seminole Dr. between Art St and Stanley Ave. is so full  deep potholes. I report m all  time, but as soon as you fix one, two more come up. This stretch  road really need to be repaved all toger.
There is a large pothole in  middle   road where Stanley Ave. meets 52nd St. Then re are some more big ones spread out all  way down to College Ave. on 52nd behind Vons.
2 Potholes
On Carmel Mountain Road heading north towards Camino Del Norte, on  far left lane about 50 feet or so before  two left turn lanes for turning left onto Camino Del Norte is a big pothole (about  size  a tire) that has formed wh all  rains lately.  As I generally use  left turn lanes to go onto Camino Del Norte to go to w ork, I've been driving in  middle lane (re are three lanes going in each direction) and n quickly cut over to  left lane to get onto one   two left turn lanes after  pothole.Thanks!
Very large pothole at turn onto Taylor from overpass on 8
Three new potholes in  block.
In  Left Lane turning on to Called Morales f Camino Ruiz in Mira Mesa re is a huge pothole. The asphalt is  different shades and you can't tell where  potholes are in Mira Mesa at night and especially in  rain. I already got my car's alignment repaired and I h  one hard tonight and I'm afraid I have to get my car fixed again. There are many in  town on 92126 many on Capricorn Way, Many on Calle Cristobal and Sorrent Valley Blvd, Many on Mira Mesa Blvd, Lapiz, Calle Morales, Avenida Del Gato, Tyrolean Way, Andasol, Zapata, Teresa and Acama.
56 Eastbound between 15 freeway and Shoal Creek ~ two very large potholes.
Big pot hole street not wide enough to drive around when two vehicles are in lanes
#2 lane southbound
Northwest corner  Luna at Regents is several potholes in roadway and erosion  sidewalk curb.
s a pothole in  rode  size  a 18 wheeler tire
Pot hole on ulric st going towards Linda vista.Can cause damage . Already did some type  damage to my truck. I don't want  to happen to nobody else
Left side   middle lane.
A large pothole west  Shoal Creek Dr, Lane 2 (middle) about 4 inches deep and 24 inch wide
One small pothole at  corner or sycamore and sunrise. Also some underground pipe work was down on  street and  holes were not filled in properly

Genesee Ave from Linda Vista rd to  163, both sides



West bound and east bound poway road from  15 freeway to cy  Poway lim is damaged due to hastily filled, older potholes deteriorating furr. Both directions need to be resurfaced once wear perms as  roadway just keeps getting worse!
Diane Ave corner Clairemount Mesa Blvd 92117 large pothole left driving west
Chateau between Genese and my Alaphan
Potholes; Displaced pavement
In crosswalk as u make right turn from Garnet onto Soledad Mtn Rd. There appears to be 2 potholes.
Potholes
Entrance to Terminal 2 West f  Harbor Drive large pothole
Large pothole on Fairmont Ave Expressway. Northbound, far right lane about 1-2 blocks before ramp merging onto Hwy 5 West.
Large potholes in lane exing to terminal 2 departures. (These have been re for weeks and not caused by  rain)
Massive car damaging potholes between Navajo and Cowles Mountain Blvd. on Boulder Lake Boulevard. You don't need pictures. There are too many. Urgent request.
Pothole
Several pot holes!! Thanks for  great work!
Huge pothole in  right turning lane from Regents to Luna ave.
Many deep potholes
Pothole
HUGE POT HOLE. MANHOLE SIZE.
The entire 2900 Block near Dylan Point Loma Apartments is full  pot holes.  I reported  on January 7th
Pothole
Pothole
large pothole top  Regents Road/Clairemont Mesa intersection at Luna Avenue.Right lane when making right onto Luna from Regents Road (Northwest Corner  intersection)
Multiple potholes up to Engineer Rd.
very deep pothole on Pacific Highway right across from  new rental parking garage
Multiple potholes east bound
Pothole on Euclid Avenue North ex from 94 east, right before Euclid Avenue
Potholes in both directions oppose  open area, near  intersection wh Aero Dr
Going northbound  left lane has a big pothole due to  storm
All 3 lanes going northbound are craters  potholes please repair  street thanks
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole going southbound on  left lane oppose  flower shop / strip mall. Please repair 
Several potholes going eastbound on both lanes due to weekend storms please repair  street
Potholes on stalmer between Linda Vista road and ashford
Potholes in both directions when  going under  I-8 freeway. There are potholes going northbound and southbound
Large area  potholes
Potholes going eastbound between Aero Ct and Afton Rd. Some recent patches opened up due to  weekend storms. Please repair again
Potholes on Del Cerro blvd & college -getting worse
Multiple pot holes in front   park lot drive way and building
Potholes all over intersection
3 pot holes
Huge pothole
Pothole
Deep pothole in  left lane on Morena. Cross street is Baker.
Pothole
Pothole

Pothole
Pothole


ALMOST THE ENTIRE STREET FROM MT ABERNATHY TO GENESEE AVE HAS POTHOLES
Large potholes on Alvarado between College Avenue and down to  bottom  

Large pothole in  middle lane going north on Pacific Highway towards SPAWAR.
Large pothole opened jn last week.
Westbound lane  Via De La Valle. VERY deep pothole in line  traffic flow that would cause danger to cars and/or lead to accident.

Pothole
Pothole on eastbound side  circle
The entire length  Santo Rd between Tierrasanta Blvd and I52 has several potholes.
Pot hole through out genesee
Potholes all along Clairemont Mesa Blvd.  There are so many  m that you have to drive down  middle   road to avoid m.
Large pothole in  left turn lane on Claremont Mesa Blvd at Doliva Drive.   is partly in  crosswalk.
Numerous large pot holes in center  street. Pieces  asphalt creating flying hazards when cars pass.
large new pothole when turning from  8426 Menkar Rd. to 8443 Aquarius Dr.

Potholes from pass 69th and Imperial to pass 65th and Imperial.  Also, 38th and Market has had a pothole at  signal light going to CostCo for over a year.
Lots  pots holes
Pothole on imperial in front  trolley headed west.
2 potholes 1 on Eastbound and 1 in  westbound directions.  Both potholes are between Mollendo and La Cuenta.  Both potholes are in  fast lane closest to  center median.
Westbound Balboa just before  light. Series  big potholes.
Potholes from Mt King to Mt Henry way. These are very bad,been here a long time, getting worse
Numerous potholes  min.16 dia. On genessee ave.just east  linda vista rd.  The Majory are in  left lane.
Two big holes in front  my home, And all down  Ashford street going North on Ashford. Need resurface.
Big pothole.
Going east on Eastgate Mall after Judicial, re is a pothole.
There is a significant pot hole, about 2 feet wide in middle east bound lane on Ted Williams Pkwy just before Shoal Creek Dr.  This hole could be deadly for a motorcyclist.
Large Pothole
Side  road has subsided
Multiple Potholes about 3x5 feet.  And damaged Guardrail.
There is an enormous pothole located in  intersection  Third Ave and Ash St. I drove through  yesterday evening and  caused my tire to go flat almost immediately.
Traveling east bound on Universy Ave. I encountered a deep pot hole.
Big crack on southbound framp
5 East on ramp. Right lane.
The are multiple potholes at  intersection  Hawthorn and Kettner, turning South onto Kettner.
Big pothole in middle westbound lane
Giant pothole on Kettner Boulevard 50 feet from Sassafrass intersection. In  left lane.
giant drop across universy, all lanes  traffic. Cars have bottomed out several times, please fix
Pothole
Potholes
There are several potholes in  particular area.  The one that BLEW OUT MY TIRE  was in  right hand lane in front  Hazard Center.   was approximately 1000 feet from  right turn you make that is in between Hazard Center and  Food 4 Less.
Pothole in turn lane
Pot hole on Pershing on your way down  hill toward  5 freeway entrance.
Rancho carmel drive reminds me  small opd town in Tijuana. There are tons  holes on entire road. Please fix  ASAP before some big treagedy happen.

Potholes in left turn lane
Ran over  pothole yesterday & got a flat tire, luckily  wasn't pouring rain & was still light out! Please FIX ASAP! I drive  way everyday home from work! Very dangerous!
Poway Road heading east to west into Sabre Springs from Poway has a severe amount  potholes in all three lanes.
2 large potholes and asphalt currently in  street.
South bound park blvd at universy
Large pothole
There are plenty  pot holes on  road, over all  road condion is terrible
SEVERAL POTHOLES
Pothole along  left side   road. Not sure if I got  location correct - but I have  general area correct
Going east, on  down hill before  left turn into  Vons lot
Size  a manhole. Very deep and steep.  has gotten 2x larger in  last 48 hours. There was a Tesla on  side   road wh s left rear wheel smashed in. Broke  suspension. This is a very dangerous pothole. If someone hs  directly at speed  would cause a spin out.
There are two pot holes on  east bound side  clairemont Mesa Blvd just east   crosswalk at  intersection wh santo road.
Large pot hole, approx 6 inches deep. Please fix asap. Many holes all along  stretch  Morena Blvd
The potholes are on Kettner Blvd. as you come around  corner from W Hawthorne Street onto Kettner Blvd.  Very tore up re.  And n re are some smaller ones as you are driving down Kettner in  left lane.  Thank you.
Left side   left lane on  east bound side  tierrra santa Blvd as you're going down  hill
Potholes at  intersection  Florida St and El Cajon, in  south side  Florida st crosswalk.
Large Pot hole, middle  Conrad ave. Directly across from park.
LARGE POTHOLE, HAZARD
Middle lane before stop light.
Southbound left turn lanes and middle  intersection on northbound side.
Potholes
There are a number  pothole on midway northbound lanes from Barnett thru to rosecrans
There are several large deep potholes along both northbound lanes on Camino Ruiz south  Capricorn Way, These areas are very dangerous as  causes vehicles to veer and try to dodge m.  This stretch  Camino Ruiz has a high number  traffic as drivers are headed toward Calle Cristobal and Sorrento mesa area.I'm sure accidents are bound to occur as  driver tries to maneuver around m so as to try to keep from damaging ir vehicle.  Please note  area is very unsafe and emergency repair is needed.
Multiple pot holes
Potholes
Rancho Carmel Drive between Ted Williams and Carmel Mtn Rd. This road has needed repair for a couple  years now.  Wh  rain,  cold and  mail trucks from  post fice driving on  non-stop 's a huge hazard and dangerous at  point because you're basically driving an obstacle course.Please get  done.  In all honestly, when Brian Mainschein was our councilman our neighborhood was in much better repair. Very disappointed wh Mr. Kersey
Huge pothole by Sharp Mesa Vista on Vista Hill Avenue between Health Center Drive and Meadow Lark Ave. San Diego 92123.
There is a large, (growing) pothole at  junction  Rancho Bernardo Rd and Bernardo Oaks Drive.
Numerous large potholes in both east and west bound lanes on Mira Mesa Blvd near  junction  Westview Pkwy.
Pothole, right side, where  cement turns into asphalt.
big & wide pothole southbound going to San Ysidro Blvd.
big & deep pothole on left lane going to Southbound  Fwy5
There are three or four large potholes on Pomerado Rd. between  15 and Escala Drive.
Very deep pothole in #1 lane  e/b Washington eir just west or just east  Third Ave.   Thought I would lose my suspension!  This happened on Sat. Jan 21.
S. Woodman before freeway entrances.Multiple Potholes
large, deep pothole approx 8" wide and 15" long. is in  traffic area for west bound traffic, where cars transion from 1 lane into 2 , just a few hundred feet prior to San Andreas Dr intersection.
Multiple deep potholes in  two right lanes between cell phone lot and both terminal entrances.   least 10 big holes
A trench dug by a contractor was temporarily filled wh sand, but that sand washed out in  rain leaving an 8" deep hole in  road, where practically every turning car must swerve to avoid . SE corner  La Jolla Scenic and Villa La Jolla.
Several craters have formed and an accident happened  morning due to se potholes. They are just before  on-ramps to  8.
LARGE HOLE, HAZARD
Pothole is growing and I can't report anything wh  new laws.
Large deep pothole causing vehicle damage  w  lamont
All  Rancho Carmel needs to be resurfaced.  We have patiently waed for years.  We are told a date and nothing happens after that.  Wh  recent rains  potholes are getting deeper and more dangerous   What will  take to get immediate action?
 entire street is riddled wh potholes and cracks - 's a mess
The area  Chateau Drive from Genesee Ave (4500 block) toward Mt Abernathy (6100 block).  The street probably has over 100 potholes  various sizes and depth.  The street is also rutted and cracked in many places.  This was reported 2-3 years ago and very ltle has been done.  My personal opinion is  street should be considered for a complete resurface.
Very deep pothole in  north bound lane
Huge pothole at corner where bikes ride by
Large potholes all along Clairemont Mesa Blvd between I 15 and Santo Road
Pothole
large pothole near CVS on paseo lucido
Huge pothole, that has damaged a vehicle.
Large pot hole
Pothole in left hand lane on Rosecrans
Several potholes have developed at  intersection  Nobel Dr and Towne Center Drive nearest  Renaissance properties.

Numerous potholes on westbound Del Sol Blvd. Between Picador and Parc Lido
Deep pothole in middle lane  eastbound traffic on Rosecrans Street - between Farragut Rd. and Womble Rd.  Rosecrans is a heavy traffic arterial road wh no way to avoid  new deep pothole.
Deep wide pothole in eastbound lane
Two large potholes next to each or on  right lane  La Jolla Village Dr. before  driveway into Hyatt Regency La Jolla
Monster wide potholes in  left lane before  left turn lane
Lots  potholes and  bad condion street causing cars to swch lanes or drive in  middle   lanes. Lane that turns left on woodman. cross st woodman and imperial ave
giant pothole. re is a cone re, but  hole is so big you can barely see  cone.
Huge pothole
Entire three block area large potholes damaged my tire



Major pothole on Eastbound Ted Williams Parkway, #1 lane, west  Shoal Creek Drive.
extremely large and deep pothole in lane before health sciences drive.
TRENCH SINKING HAZARD
Somewhere on Ash street. As you keep going forward re's a big pot hole that caused my tire to pop and now  had deflated. My car now needs a replaced tire. A huge pothole you can't miss.

Somewhere on Ash street. As you keep going forward re's a big pot hole that caused my tire to pop and now  had deflated. My car now needs a replaced tire. A huge pothole you can't miss.
POTHOLES FROM INGRAHAM TO KENDALL
Somewhere on Ash street. As you keep going forward re's a big pot hole that caused my tire to pop and now  had deflated. My car now needs a replaced tire. A huge pothole you can't miss.
1/3    street ( west side)  Third avenue south  Redwood st.
3-4 holes in  road going North, right in front  Chretien Court.
Somewhere on Ash street. As you keep going forward re's a big pot hole that caused my tire to pop and now  has deflated. My car now needs a replaced tire. A huge pothole you can't miss.
Somewhere on Ash street. As you keep going forward re's a big pot hole that caused my tire to pop and now  has deflated. My car now needs a replaced tire. A huge pothole you can't miss.
Somewhere on Ash street. As you keep going forward re's a big pot hole that caused my tire to pop and now  has deflated. My car now needs a replaced tire. A huge pothole you can't miss.
Pot Holes at  light coming from Old Town turning onto Rosecrans. Also numerous potholes throughout that specific intersection.
Pothole in street, near pine tree.
pothole, next to or filled potholes in a strip that runs across  street.
Going west on Sea World Dr. Where  cement and  asphalt meet, re is a chunk   asphalt missing. 's hard to miss wh my right tire. I believe  cement is an overpass.
re is a terrible set  potholes here that have gotten progressively worse in  last several days. I blew out my front tire  morning, as well as several ors who were pulled over on  side   road along side me!
There is a growing sinkhole in  alley behind my house and, more seriously, 4585 Estrella Avenue.  pools water every rain storm, and  appears to be getting worse.
potholes, lots  m in  #3 (closest to  curb) lane
In slow lane east bound  middle  lane starting at cross walk.  Deep.
Very large pothole
huge deep pothole almost on corner  Euclid and El Cajon Bvd.   was repaired a few weeks ago, but has washed out in  rain.  Very difficult to turn right from Euclid whout going through .
massive pothole
There is so much Potholes from 62nd street to 68 street on Imperial Ave, both going east and west and my car is being damages wh se Potholes . Please Fix se Potholes. Thanks.
20 ft east  Balboa and my Everest east bound slow lane. Deep.
potholes all along balboa ave
Huge potholes in  road..

2 potholes recently have been active since rain
There s a dangerous pothole in  east bound left lane  Clairemont Mesa Blvd between Mollendo Blvd and La Cuenta in Tierrasanta. I h  deep hole last night so hard at 40 mph that I now need to take my car in to see if re was any damage to my car. As you can see from  photos (I included my foot in one photo so you can get an idea   size),  pothole is really a small sink hole.  Someone put some bricks in  hole to try a sten  impact....does not help much. This needs IMMEDIATE attention/repair before someone hs  and looses control  ir car and gets injured!
potholes everywhere

There's about 4 potholes past  8 west freeway sign and light. Furr down  road trying to get on to 8 east re is anor pothole. These were all re before  rain started. Please fix m
There are two sets  potholes on  south side in Mira Mesa Boulevard between Parkdale and Reagan Street.

Alley that runs between Madison to Adams between Hamilton and Arizona st. is totally chewed up.  3/4   alley is nothing but broken up asphalt.  You need f road tired to go down  alley.  has been  way for at least 4 years. PLEASE FIX IT! Thank you.
Multiple pot holes one about 2 feet across on Genesse between 163 and Linda Vista road


This is more than just a pothole.  A cone was actually placed in  hole a few days ago but that is gone now.  This needs to be fixed ASAP!!

Potholes along rancho bernardo Rd f  pomerado.
Pothole in right lane traveling east
Pot hole
LARGE POTHOLE, VEHICLE DAMAGE
Huge pot hole in  parking lot
There are several potholes in  first block  Archer St. east  Cass St. Thanks for everything you do to get se things fixed!
The whole Carmel mountain road need to fix from penasqoes blvd /9888 Carmel mountain to 11095 Carmel mountain . Two sides road need to fix. Many holes and ruff surface damage road
Pothole on west bound clairemont Mesa blvd in left turn lane to mercury street
There is a depression in  asphalt running north to south across  #1 and #2 lanes  east bound LJ Village Drive east   intersection at Genessee and LJ Village Dr.  The depth   depression has increased over  last couple  weeks. I know where  is and slow down a lot before crossing  - or drivers may not be que as aware.Thanks,Dan
Several potholes between St. Thomas More Church and McDonalds in Oceanside.
Westbound lanes between 163 and Linda Vista. Several severe potholes!
When  rains
GIGANTIC hole in intersection in east bound lane .. approx 5 feet long (and getting bigger and bigger every day).  Approx 5 inches deep.  Very dangerous as cars are swerving into or lane to avoid .
Numerous potholes
Huge hole !
W/B CLAIREMONT MESA @ LA CUENTA LEFT TURN LANE

POTHOLE IN TRAFFIC LANE LOCATED EASTBOUND UNIVERSITY AV. BETWEEN 8TH & 10TH (HILLCREST).
Several large potholes between Pomerado and Acena in  west bound #1 lane.  Cars are swerving into or lane to avoid se holes.
Multiple potholes & road degradation
Potholes on both sides  High Bluff, between Del Mar Heights Road and Long Run.
Multiple pot holes causing motorist to swerve in or lanes to avoid m. Horrible.  UCSD buses and bicyclist also trying to avoid  potholes .  will end up in an accident.  is worse now after rain but has been ridiculous for over a year.

Terrible, highpotholed
Several potholes on Camino Ruiz in Mira Mesa (zip code 92126) between Westmore and Aquarius, from  rain.
The 8 west ex for Mission Center Road has a pothole probably 2 ft wide in  left lane as you ex
On Sunset Cliffs Blvd, at BOTH  intersections  Voltaire and Santa Monica (in SB lane) re are 2 potholes. The one at Voltaire caused my front wheel to briefly stick. The damage required a front end alignment.
large pothole  that exposing loops signal wires ...
The entire gold coast is filled wh pot holes and uneven asphalt from prior repairs. Please send someone to redo  entire Gold Coast Dr as soon as possible
per 569 large pothole that will cause tire damage
no way to avoid  large pothole
Multiple potholes on Alvarado Rd east  College Ave

Numerous potholes, asphalt is shot and  whole street needs a new overlay
Very large pothole at  light on Washington street in  left turn lane that turns onto  163 north ramp
giant pothole in  south lane
Large pothole in right lane eastbound
Northbound Pac Hwy. 2nd lane from median. Pothole caused my car's steering to move to  left or right. I had to compensate for  movement to stay in lane. Unfortunately,  was 5:30AM and I couldn't tell EXACTLY where I was along Pac Hwy because  was very dark. In general,  is between  I-5 f-ramp and Barnett. I think I recall having gone over TWO bridges before hting pothole. ( could have been after  FIRST bridge.)
Large pothole covering one entire lane on norast corner.  Not deep but large and impossible to avoid.
All  Poway Road in  Cy  San Diego has potholes. From  Interstate 15 freeway f ramp, that begins Poway Road, to  cy border  Poway, Poway Road has almost 100 potholes.
There is one very large and two smaller potholes that have  potential to cause significant damage to vehicles. I have dropped  red pin at exact location.
Pot hole
N/B BAD POTHOLE  BEFORE BARNETT  CAR DAMAGE (CENTER LANE)
Large Pot hole
This pothole is in  left lane, about as big as  tire on my car
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
A dozen potholes Heading south on Morena Boulevard
Potholes
Pot holes and cracking  pavement all  way down  road to iris ave. Also, 27th street Coronado ave going to iris ave where police station is. Grove ave as well. We need help please! Thanks!
Crosswalk full  potholes, striping all gone.
per 113M1, large potholes at loc
2 potholes at  location...
Pothole
When connecting to Pacific Highway on  downward curve, lines 1 & 2 have several potholes.  The potholes vary in shape and size.
re is a cluster  potholes in  westbound #1 lane  Genesee Avenue as you approach  intersection  Richland and Genesee. Presently new potholes have resurfaced and a vehicle could be disabled if a driver is not vigilant. The series  previous patch jobs have caused  effect  driving over boulders, which will damage  suspension in my vehicle
Pothole
Many potholes on  street
Many Potholes are  neighborhood streets in Highland Ranch surrounding Highland Ranch Elementary.  Very unsafe!
Pothole
Hug and deep pothole form twice in two weeks!
Pothole
Big pot hole, gave me both passenger flat tires.

Pothole

Pothole






Pothole

Pothole
Major intersection  Rancho Bernardo Rd & Bernardo Oaks Dr.  Que large and in middle  intersection.

Large pothole in intersection. Eastbound lane
Pothole
Pothole
The cement slabs in  street are cracked and  slabs are starting to separate apart. This is causing a dip/pothole in  street
potholes located in middle  street near 17337 Grandee Place.
Pothole
Oh big potholes as you turn left from Taylor Street to go cross  bridge
Pothole
on  corner  Balboa and Mt Everest on  south side  Balboa are 2 major potholes. one at least 12" or so long and 5 inches or so deep.  can not be avoided.  next one is not as big but is causing problems.  also re are about 4 more that need to be checked between Mt. Everest on  west and Genessee on  east on  south side  Balboa
Almost all  28th street between Commecial and  on ramp to  94 are ruts and holes from past SDGE construction and needs to be fixed. My suspension has been ruined.
Multiple large pot holes on olney from rain
10 pot holes now!!!
Deep square hole - potential damage to tires.   Left over from sewer work.
Deep square hole - potential damage to tires.   Left over from sewer work.
A particularly bad set  pot holes just past Carroza Ct on Vivaracho, facing towards Calle de Vida
Expanding pothole in #1 lane
Large pothole in  #2 lane going Friars East just short  Riverdale. 2 large potholes back to back on  left half   center lane
Pothole
Two separate 10' lengths  degraded asphalt. Both northbound and southbound lanes  Sunset Cliffs at Carmelo St. Please fill potholes and long stretches  carved out/degraded asphalt on both lanes. Second request!
2 DEEP POTHOLES
 road all along san Pasqual rd is ltered wh potholes after  recent storms.  my tire got caught in one and I almost had a head on accident correcting .  please fill in


The entire street is filled wh potholes and cracks.
There's a gnarly pothole in  middle lane on  east bound Governor Drive, right by  Shell gas station.

Pothole
There is a massive pothole in  left hand lane  Grand Avenue going away from  beach and heading towards I-5.   is very hard to see in  dark and I h  last night around 6:30pm, resulting in popping my front-left tire.  As I was putting my spare tire on, anor car h  same pothole, resulting in popping both tires on  left side  his vehicle.
Bad pot holes on El Camino real between Del Mar heights rd north past 1/2 mile north south boundDel Mar heights rd in front  TP high Bad especially west bound. Dave McIntyre 619 5733048
Pothole
Westbound Genesee, multiple potholes.
The entire stretch  Poway Road on  San Diego side is full  potholes. 's been that way for 3-4 years
Flooding pot holes
Potholes in both directions  Genesee Ave from Linda Vista Road to  163 and from  163 to Linda Vista Road.
Many large potholes
Pothole
Moving on Universy pass by 7th towards 8th and 9th ave in  left lane (1) huge 6" pot hole thought nearly took my car axle out Saturday 1/21/17 at 830am.
6330 Potomac Street 1/4 mile   potholes before Saipan Drive San Diego, CA 92139
There are potholes in both directions  Genesee Ave from Linda Vista Road to  163 and from  163 to Linda Vista Road. These potholes have been a traffic nuisance for weeks.
Just west  Shoal Creek Dr Eastbound re's a huge four-foot by four-foot pothole in  center lane.
Three holes in a he street.
Pothole
Pothole on  east bound lane near  street divider
Huge pothole at least 10 inches deep.  Seen three cars have blowouts after hting  hole



Hugh pothole in left lane heading south on Kettner before Sassafras St.
Big Pot hole, that has caused vehicular damage.
No road?
Multiple potholes on Mt Aguilar from  4-way stop at Pet Street to Mt. Albertine.

Rancho Carmel Drive North bound between 56 and Carmel Mountain road has alot  potholes.
POTHOLES, DAMAGED 2 TIRES
Pot holes
Numerous potholes from I-163 to Linda Vista Road
Pot holes
Large pothole in  traffic lane. Approximately three feet long by two feet by five inches deep. I h  wh my motorcycle and bent my front and rear rims.
Tons  potholes between 32 & 30th on Lincoln
Potholes
Pothole

Potholes in front  Albertsons
Large potholes on both sides   road
huge pothole on corner
Northside  road
Going easy before Riverdale Street
I bent my rim hting se pot holes. To many to avoid
My rims broke
My rims broke
LARGE POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
Pothole
There are TWO large potholes in  left and center lanes  Ted williams parkway between saber springs parkway and Shoal Creek Drive.  These potholes are a safety hazard to motorists and passengers and also a hazard to cars
Ingraham street between Diamond & Chalcedony has several large cracks in  roadway, and several large potholes - new since our week  heavy rainstorms #1 pothole - intersection  Ingraham & Diamond#2 pothole - intersection  Ingraham & Missouri#3 pothole - intersection  Ingraham & Chalcedony I drove that roadway last night in  rain and one  se immediately popped my tire - I went back today and took photos(Pics are  potholes in order  listing)
Big pothole in intersection  Bernardo Oaks and RB Rd.

Huge pot hole.
HUGE GAPING Pot Hole...driving RB Road, away from Freeway towards Pomerado Road, lane closest to median...can't swerve so stuck hting ...'s BRUTAL.
Pothole...
North bound , left lane. Huge pothole
Pothole at intersection
More than 10 potholes in  area
multi-potholes covering  whole lane. Cars swerving to miss m.
Deep pot holes
huge potholes when you ex  163 west , between freeway and Linda Vista Rd
Large pothole intersection
There are several large potholes on  far right lane on Farimount Blvd, heading north toward  Highway 8 East on ramp. There are maybe 5+ potholes ranging in size, all in  same patch  road.
Two large potholes (one in  middle lane and one in  far left lane) when heading east bound on Ted Williams past  15 but before you get to Shoal Creek Drive.
South bound 54th at summ
Dozens  potholes on  road. Some up to 6-7 inches deep
Pothole in crosswalk at Burgener and Clairemont Drive.
POTHOLE
Potholes! Lots!
POTHOLES
Potholes!
POTHOLE
Between Monroe and Interstate 8:  HUGE potholes in slow lane, growing daily
Potholes along Daggett street
About a dozen potholes in  intersection (Rosecrans & Sports Arena), asphalt appears to be totally falling apart.
Large pothole in right lane going west after crossing Clairemont Drive!!!
Lots  potholes. Hard to avoid hting m.
Multiple large potholes
Go to  intersection  Linda Vista Rd and Genesee Ave in  Cy  Linda Vista; n go in all four directions and you will see a lot  potholes. A lot means more than 5 potholes.
Potholes
LARGE POTHOLE INFRONT OF ADDRESS
imperial ave and 69th but also westbound towards woodman. all  Imperial ave westbound towards euclid  ave needs to be looked at we have alot  traffic and those pot holes are going to get bigger if not taken care . Thanks so much.
In right lane going west, just after crossing My Everest a large pothole.!
Very big deep pothole on southbound side  street between Carroll Canyon and
LARGE POTHOLE INFRONT OF ADDRESS

Large pothole
Two potholes in  right line just before ped-Xing, before entering intersection, going westboind on Flanders.
Extremely large pothole
from  Genesee f ramp   163 south to Osler Street,  road has some HUGE potholes, that are  result   rain as well as all   road construction that was done last summer. They never fixed  road after  sidewalks and Medians were worked on. Please for  short term fix  potholes but also repave  particular section  road when able. Thank you!
Large pot hole in right lane  ash in intersection
Right turn lane from regents rd onto luna drive. Large pothole
SEVERAL POTHOLES AT LEAST 5 OF THEM NEED TO BE PATCHED
Potholes and cracks on  south side  Diane Ave just right after Clairemont Mesa Blvd
Multiple potholes on eastbound West Point Loma Blvd. between Famosa Blvd. and Rue D'Orleans, in  right lane. Adjacent to Famosa Slough
Deep pothole and cracks on  asphalt on  southbound side  Regents Rd right after Eastgate Mall
Pothole on eastbound Sports Arena Blvd at Sports Arena Plaza intersection, in  left lane
Potholes and dips in  road on Genesee Ave from Eastgate Mall to Campus Point Drive
Pothole on del Diablo way southbound almost at intersection  penasquos drive. Pothole takes up whole southbound lane. You can contact me but contact won't  accept my email!  858 775 2313
Multiple potholes at  intersection  eastbound Sports Arena Blvd and southbound Rosecrans Street, in  right lane. The address listed is approximate.
Several large potholes on a curve to  8 Fwy. North bound Sports Arena Dr. Drivers can't see m or avoid m. Heavy traffic intersection. Much damage to vehicle and potholes are getting worse!
Pothole on Southbound Rosecrans St., just before Freeman, in  right lane. The address listed is approximate.

Pothole 6000 Navajo Rd
2 POTHOLES ON INDIA JUST BEFORE WASHINGTON
 entrance  Agave Ridge Townhomes across from 7901Harmarsh Street, San Diego, CA 92123
Pothole 5900 Navajo Rd
Pothole 5800 Navajo Rd
Multiple potholes on our street. They are especially severe on  street in front  my house. tached are photos displaying  issue. There are more holes than pictured - probably around 15 + potholes in a condensed area. Patch work was attempted in  past 6 months and  did not help  issue. The street needs to be repaved.Truthfully, I do not totally mind  potholes since  makes people slow down. However we would love a speed bump instead   potholes.
From Balboa Ave, street is riddled wh potholes which get larger and deeper as you approach I-5.  (They look more like craters than potholes.) Clairemont drive has been in poor condion for over 6 months; any repairs that have been made in that time period were clearly temporary in nature and very inadequate for  amount  traffic that travels on that route and  potholes reappear wh a few weeks.  Driving on Clairemont Dr. is like driving an obstacle course to avoid land mines!
Huge pothole on north side  road which busted my tire.  Whin 1 minute my red light was flashing in my car and my tire pressure went from 34 to 13 in whin 2 blocks!
POTHOLE IN FRONT OF COLINA REC CENTER, CAUSED DAMAGED TO CAR.
Pothole
Very large & deep pothole on right lane, just before turn onto Luna. Very difficult to avoid. Will cause car damage
This issue was reported last year and is getting worst!  The majory   potholes are on  South side   street.
Southbound lane
Two big potholes
Couple  potholes oppose shell gas station

There are potholes all along jade coast from Camino Ruiz east
Multiple potholes in intersection  Park and Universy
Bad pot holes throughout  12400 block  ranch Bernardo road
Large hole on  north west corner approximately 16" x 10"
Starting from  vons in tierrasanta to antigua on both sides   road. There are about 7 potholes on both sides. Please fill.
Many large potholes in  stretch  Genesee between 163 and Linda Vista Road
Pothole on  eastbound side in  middle   intersection
 was fixed 30 days or less and  completely desolved again!!
huge pothole in left turn lane right before stop light from Washington onto  163
large pothole in North/Eastbound lanes  Carmel Mtn Rd  in intersection and crosswalk.
Pothole
The pothole seems to look like 's getting wider. 's located in  middle  Tarbox St right next to  only light post in  middle  residential street. Between addresses 1421 and 1390 Tarbox St.  Can not miss .
Large pot hole on Carmel Mtn Road going North, just before you get to  left turning lands to turn West onto Camino Del Norte.
Pothole in left lane  westbound Rancho Bernardo Rd just west  Bernardo Oaks Drive
Various potholes along Alvarado Canyon Rd, especially in  area, but very bad street in general. needs some love
Pothole
Pothole on Waring going up  hill right after Adobe Falls Rd, in  right lane.
On 3300 block  Park Blvd going north towards Morley field drive re 2 consecutive potholes
south  taylot st...underneath I5 overpass
Pothole in left lane  southbound West Bernardo Dr just south  Rancho Bernardo Rd
Pothole next to  concrete gutter
Huge pot hole in #2 lane east bound
2 major potholes
Potholes
Pothole in left lane  southbound Bernardo Center Drive just south  Rancho Bernardo Rd
Very large pothole (4ft x 6ft) at  intersection  Rancho Bernardo Road andBernardo Oaks Drive.
Multiple potholed
About 5 large potholes have developed
Pot holes in east and west bound lanes
Lots  se around.
5 small potholes in a cluster
Large pothole at base  hill at stop sign on down-going side  street.
Multiples POT HOLES  whole streets both lanes
There are major potholes along Genesee Ave, whin a 1/2 mile  each side  Linda Vista Rd.  This section  Genesee has been in disrepair for months.  Last year a crew widened  turn lanes and I was shocked to watch  construction crews pack up whout repairing  asphalt.  The image I uploaded is a street view from Google Maps and you can see how bad .  However,  is much worse now due to  rains!  I drive  section everyday for daycare drop-f and  is a nightmare and an embarrassment.  Last year I had to pay $600 for axle realignment and I know  condion   roads in Clairemont are to blame.  Please, send a crew to Clairemont and drive around  neighborhoods.   is bad!  But especially  stretch near Linda Vista Rd.
Several large pot holes on Genesse Ave going south up to Marlesta.
Large pothole
From Kelowna to Black mountian on Capricorn
Pot hole
Genesee Ave from 163 W overpass to Linda Vista Road.....multiple potholes that are impossible to dodge.
previously repaired pothole is breaking down. Size 1 foot by 1 foot
4 potholes good size
Several large potholes northbound Meadowbrook and Skyline facing traffic light
Pot hole
Multiple times
Deep potholes
two potholes in lane plus a third one at  intersection wh Belden St. Varying size up to 2feet by2 feet
Several large potholes on S. Meadowbrook and Paradise Valley Road intersection near traffic light near Arco gas station, New York Buffalo, Library

Gold Coast Drive between Camino Ruiz and Black Mountain Road.There are two many to describe.
East bound west  Santo
Potholes
Pothole in  far right lane at  entrance to terminal 2.
Lots  deep potholes.
A huge pothole and 's growing beside (next to)McDonald's drive thru, near apartments near traffic light in front  Dentist and feet away from Barber shop. Have ruined tires and hubcaps already
Gigantic holes.

Deep trench
The entire street  Upas between 33rd Street and Boundary Street really needs to be resurfaced. There are a few potholes and  road is very rough. Thank you!
Two large potholes in front  Uned oil gas station
Huge rectangular pothole that takes up almost  whole lane
Right turn lanes from Saturn onto Palm
Several very large potholes, corner  Merrimac and Conrad Ave.
The pothole is on  ramp on  I 8 west freeway on mission center rd ex.  Unable to take a pic while driving. This is right f  freeway 8 towards Westfield mission valley mall.
Pretty big and a few re
Pot holes between 38th and 37th wh flooding
on world trade drive at 12225...near 1st entrance to facily...200 feet north  conference wayon right side...
Lane number 3 at  light on north harbor drive in front   cell phone lot. Two pot holes that are one right behind  or. I was driving to  airport and my husband said  is something people see as y are going to  airport and  give m a bad impression  San Diego. We don't want people to look at San Diego like that. I don't have a address except  is near  cell phone lot going towards  commuter terminal.
Severe potholes along Rancho Carmel Drive
Enormous pothole in intersection when headed outbound on Rosecrans (toward point), in stretch between Curtis and James Streets
Pot hole
Road in dire need  repair
Several large holes in  roadway.
Pothole and road issues
Manhole needs to be redone
Humungase  potholes though out Poway rd on  San Cy line. 's crater zone
Potholes in 2 lanes on Ted Williams parkway.  Prior to Sholes Creek Drive, going east towards poway.
Many big pot holes between here an Camino San Bernardo on  west bound side. These are a real danger and I saw many people swerve to avoid m.
Huge crater on  bottom   ramp.
From 2700 to approximately 2965 Morningside St.  street is completely broken up wh big pot holes. This street has not been paved in about 15 years, nor have any   pot holes been filled.  is like  street has been forgotten by time and  cy.
Pothole at intersection  rancho penasquos Blvd and called de Las Rosa. Heading west on calle de Las rosas.
Two big pot hole, West bound lanes
Huge pothole
Two major potholes in street.
All  san diego
Pothole
North bound Fairmont Ave. prior to  8 east connector. Thought for sure my rim would be damaged,  h so hard. But I was lucky  time. 's so dark in that area, coming down that hill. Makes  hard to avoid  big pothole.
Boulder Lake Blvd north  Navajo rd
805 North on ramp from home Ave completely full  pot holes and cracks
Multiple potholes. Addionally,  entire street is getting bad.
2 very large potholes heading eastbound on Ted Williams between 15 and Shoal Creek.  One in far left lane near median and  or in  middle lane.
Large and deep potholes on eastbound Friars Road, in  middle lane and few after that until  Vons
Right turn lane from Mission Gorge Road to zion Ave is suffering extreme damage and is becoming difficult to drive on.
Growing pothole in far right lane  heavily trafficked Rosecrans
Pot holes!!
There is a big pothole next to  construction se. 's really big and gnarly.
There's like two or three potholes. They are not super gnarly but y still sucks.
There are many potholes on  steeet that need to be fixed
potholes on east bound and west bound Clairemont Mesa Blvd near  Vons Market
2 large potholes heading north and south on that street.
There is a pothole at  location.
POTHOLE IFO ADD
Multiple potholes that are 6-8 inches deep.
Entire road is in rough shape. Please consider liming weight lim  vehicles for  Road. Many big trucks from  postal sorting center use  secondary Road instead  I-15 which degrades  road faster than normal.
Big and deep pothole just past  intersection going East bound
Multiple pot holes on going north bound on Camino Ruiz starting at Hydra and all  way up to Capricorn.  One pothole is at least 2 feet wide in  fast lane.
Very large pothole in left turn lane. There are two left turn lanes - pothole is on "right" left turn lane
Pothole in  Westbound lane  Clairemont Drive between Edison St. and Clairemont Court, closer to Edison St.
There is a new pothole on Rancho Carmel Dr heading south fairly near Provencal Place. HOWEVER,  entire street between Ted Williams Pkwy and Carmel Mountain Road needs completely resurfacing PROPERLY. Not just patching.  needs to be COMPLETELY RESURFACED and is LONG OVERDUE.  is a topic  conversation regularly on our local NEXTDOOR web se. We have put up wh  road in terrible condion for years and we keep being promised  will be fixed, but  never happens. Please, please, please fix  road and do a thorough and proper job  .  is DISGUSTING that we have to drive roads like  when we pay taxes and HOA constantly. 's also bad for our cars. Friends that come to town even comment on . 's embarrassing. Please San Diego, fix  road and fix  NOW!!! Thank you.
Pothole in Westbound lane  Clairemont Dr. east  Galveston St/
There some potholes on camino ruiz
Pothole in  Westbound right lane  Grand Avenue where  meets Balboa Ave.  The hole is one repaired recently just before  traffic signal.
Potholes in both directions in  8900 and 9000 blocks  Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Pothole in  Eastbound lane  Clairemont Drive between Galveston Street and Hartford Street.
There is a large piece  asphalt missing from  area around a sewer cover in  middle   road.
There is a pothole also on Reagan Rd right behind  target.
#2 Lane has a fairly large pothole that has been ignored for too long, thank you!
Pot holes on  street
Pot holes when heading west on left lane
large pothole on very busy street. Affecting traffic flow and causing vehicle damage.  Located immediately past  intersection at Del Mar Heights Road and Carmel Country Road.  Located on Easbound Del Mar Heights Road.
There is a very deep pothole that was filled wh water to  top and is impossible to see at night and was  cause   popping my tire.
Huge POTHOLE!! Popped my tire!!! Please fix our roads!!!
Big potholes
Sink hole getting big!!
Huge pothole intersection Ingraham &nMisouriSee details in pothole incident I reported earlierConfirmation # 00139101
Huge pothole once you're over  bridge  taking  ex north towards Pacific Highway.   is in  right lane after just as  2 lanes become 4 lanes.  Pothole is on  right side   lane.  Driving over  pothole made my car nearly bottom out throwing several good sized rocks up at my windshield.   There is no way to see 's an actual pothole, until you're driving in .
Several potholes along Linda Vista Rd between Fulton and Ulric St. Good size on in left turn lane onto Ulric St.
Giant pothole - intersection Ingraham & ChalcedonySee pothole info in earlier report 00139101
There are a few huge potholes in  middle at  intersection.  They seem to be merging into one giant pothole. All drivers have to drive around .  There are or deep potholes furr south on Convoy St.  Keep up  good work wh  pothole chaos.
Giant pot hole
Eastbound Genesee.  I call  Pothole Cy.  numerous potholes both sides  Richland cross street across all lanes.
Dozens  huge potholes all along Genesee Road.
Westbound lane under  I-5 overpass... large pothole
Huge potholes, not safe
Large pothole
Pothole approx 6 in deep radius  12-18 in. Left side  turn lane against  median.
Damaged a few cars today.
A giant pothole that goes across all lanes  traffic. Made by  construction company nearby que a while ago, but getting worse and worse wh every rain. Scared I'll lose a tire soon.
2 deep potholes (at least 1 foot deep) on Taylor Street westbound at intersection  Taylor St and  Interstate 8 overpass
pot holes through out south 33rd street
Several shallow potholes.
Massive pothole in right turn lane.  Hard to avoid. Estimated about 6"-12" deep, 2'-3'wide x 6'-7' long.
Rancho Carmel Dr is in urgent need  resurfacing. This was an issue present prior to  rains, and  problem has now been exacerbated.
Potholes on  road heading to Midway
very deep pot hole on east bound washington st and richmond st right before you make a left for 163N and S.
On Westview Parkway heading north.  Stopped at traffic light (red).  Made right turn from  number one turn lane onto Mira Mesa Blvd east.  H pothole and immediately heard  tires deflate.  Sidewall blew out and rim damage to both on left side  car.  Front left tire and rim and rear left tire and rim damaged.  Resulting in $1,806. damage.

Multiple potholes both sides   street
HUGE pothole difficult to avoid
The entire road has been plagued wh potholes for months. I once heard  was due for repaving in Oct but now I hear February. 's very hard on our cars and tires when we need to travel on  every day. 's getting old having to try to dodge  potholes.
There are A LOT  potholes along Camino Del Norte, from I15 to Camino San Bernardo.
There is a pothole on north river road, near  intersection  college blvd oceanside.
Several potholes along  road.  Requires urgent fixing as  is dangerous to drive in se condions
capricorn road in Mira Mesa is in bad condions all over  place filled wh potholes
This section is becoming very dangerous, especially after dark.
Pothole slalom.
The incident (Flat Tires due to Giant Pothole) happened on January 24th at around 8:45 pm. I just got f work and ready to head back home. I was going northbound on Convoy street toward  805 N freeway.  was fairly dark around that particular area and  pothole was located on  left lane nearby  waing zone. As I was passing by  plaza wh Tajima Noodle House and Friend's house Koren, and before  plaza wh Cake De Partie, I ran into  pothole and immediately my left front tire and rear tire went flat. From my perspective,  road seems smooth and flat, and I was driving around 25-30 mph. After hting  pothole,  "Tire Needs Air" sign popped up in my Volvo S80. I n pulled over right in front   Pacific Honda dealership on Convoy St. to check up on  damage. I was extremely sad because I was ready to head home from work and  happened. I am currently a student at Mesa college and I can't afford to fix my tires anytime soon. I am just hoping that whatever happened to me won't happen to anyone else.
They fixed pipes put new tar to cover hole wh rain tar has sunk and left multiple holes.
Street is in bad condion
large p/h in sb lane s/w/c ;is hazard per pd
from bootes to ganesta re are potholes going in east and west . so many you can not miss m.
Several major potholes
Pothole in lane closet to center divide after light/before bridge heading westbound on Rancho Bernardo Road
Potholes
Potholes
Large pothole at  intersection  Ohio, Madison, and  805 S f-ramp to Madison/Adams. Near  stop to turn north on Ohio (towards Adams) from  805 S ex. See red dot indicated on attached picture.
Horrible potholes at train tracks on both sides. They're about 2' wide and are dangerous for motorcycles.
There are so many potholes on Genesee Ave both ways from  163 to at least Clairemont Mesa Blvd. I was driving south  Balboa  or evening and h a big pothole. I am sure you are overwhelmed by all that have come up, but appreciate you fix before our cars get damaged. Thank you.
Capricorn Way between Camino Ruiz and Black Mountain, 30-40 potholes, no exaggeration.
Potholes going northbound on Fairmount Ave from  8 east ramp up to  ex lane traffic signal. Please fix.
The potholes are now popping tires!!!
Pothole
Multiple potholes and divots from Mira Sorrento to Lusk.
Multiple potholes Eastbound and Westbound from I15 to Poway cy lims
4' wide pot hole east bound at intersection wh Bernardo Oaks Dr.  There is a second pothole on  west bound side just west   same intersection.
#1 lane, large
Long line  pothole, before side street
Large patch  holes, to Montezuma ramp
VERY deep pothole at corner when making right turn onto Balboa Ave.
#1 lane before bridge
On Wednesday, January 25, 2017, at approximately 5:00am, I was driving wh my 13 year old son about a quarter  a mile away from  7 11 on Rosecrans Ave in Point Loma (across  street from milary housing) when I h a pothole. A few seconds later, a warning light comes on indicating low tire pressure on  right rear tire.  reflected 6psi. I got on  phone wh AAA and asked y drive me down to Rent a Wheel in Chula Vista, CA. My son and I waed a while before y arrived. We got down to Rent a Wheel at approximately 6:40am.
Large chunk missing#1 lane before u turn
Large patches in on ramp lane
Row  holes before crossing under trolley
Many pot LARGE pot holes on both sides  Ranch Penasquos Blvd
Pothole in right lane  w/b Clairemont Mesa Blvd between Denny's and Mission Federal Cred Union.
Large potholes in both directions Mira Mesa
Massive potholes causing damage to car tire and rimsMira Mesa
big potholes on Capricorn in Mira Mesa between Westonhill and Black Mountain Road.
A pothole created by a pavement cut is big enough to swallow a whole tire on northbound La Jolla Scenic North in  right lane at  signal turning east onto La Jolla Village Drive.
Several large potholes whin 5 feet  each or at  corner  25th and Coronado Ave near  stop sign.  This occurred after road construction in early January. The road patches have sunk in creating large holes.
Very deep pothole on  right side   right lane heading east.
Potholes Everywhere!
Large pothole in  far left lane  Carmel Mountain Road (between Rancho Carmel Road and Camino Del Norte) just before  left turning lanes from Carmel Mtn Road onto Camino Del Norte.  This is getting to be que large and difficult to avoid if you need to turn left onto Camino Del Norte and will start to damage vehicles soon.
A pothole created by a pavement cut is big enough to swallow a whole tire on westbound Governor Dr. in  right lane at  signal just after turning right (west) onto Governor from southbound Genesee Ave.

My commute involves Navajo Rd (at Park Ridge Blvd), driving west to Waring Rd and onto Zion Ave. All along those stretches  Navajo and Waring, re are several potholes in both directions. There are also some holes on Park Ridge Blvd near  Navajo Rd intersection. Thank you.
Multiple very large and deep potholes in  construction area on Regents Rd. both north and south  Eastgate Mall.  This is a thoroughfare that leads to  multiple hospals and medical facilies.  Active construction wh huge trucks has destroyed  road.   is unsafe!
Very large pot hole as you make a right tune on to Luna Dr from Clairemont Mesa Blvd (Regents Rd)

"Type  Suation:	Roadway - PotholesNature  Suation:	The Area between163 ex onto Genesee avenue , starting at  Linda vista sign up to Linda Vista Road (on both sides   road) and Linda vista road past Mesa college road is dangerous. 's full  potholes. This is not only hard on ones car, but also dangerous for driving. I'm worried someone will h my car trying to avoid  potholes. Please repair ASAP.Geographic Location  Suation:	From 163 ex onto Genesee and right onto Linda Vista Rd, both sides"
HUGE pothole. Could not avoid   morning and I now have a flat tire. And my tires are band new.
There is a huge pothole at my house. Like leg, re is a crater where my house use to be. The pothole swallowed my home whole.  is a black hole that consumes everything. I lost my wife and kids to  monstrosy   pothole. Potholes can consume families and cause despair to ever went over one. Potholes is similar to  black plague; people die in  inside when y have experience  plague.
Pothole
insane asphalt hole - South lane  Eastbound Grand at Gresham & anor at Haines
North lane
Dozens  potholes between 163 and Linda Vista road. Hard to avoid when heading West towards Linda Vista, getting larger by  day!!!!!!!!
South lane  Eastbound Balboa Aveneu (  2105 Balboa Avenue ) immediately East  Noyes Street
Pot holes throughout Goldcoast.
Eastbound, right lane
There is a pothole in  southbound lanes on 10th Avenue at  intersection  B Street.  The pothole is in  easternmost lane and is precisely at  location where  left wheels  a car will fall into  pothole ever time y cross  north leg   intersection.  This pothole came about after  recent storms. Please fix as soon as possible. Thank You.
big pothole, 3 ft by 2 ft, 5 inches deep
Large pothole on north bound Santo just before Clairemont Mesa. In left lane.
Large shallow pothole in middle   lane
Pothole
There are several potholes going North on Camino Ruiz between Mira Mesa Blvd and Calle Cristobal.
Giant pothole. This one is going to kill at least one tire.
There is a large pothole perhaps two feet across and a couple  inches deep in  eastbound lanes  Ted Willliams Parkway at Shoal Creek Drive .  The pothole is in  middle lane on  west leg   intersection before you go under  Shoal Creek pedestrian bridge.   is precisely at  location where  left wheels  a car will fall into  pothole ever time y cross  west leg   intersection.  This pothole came about after  recent storms. Please fix as soon as possible. Thank You.
Series  potholes  in northbound lane
On Capricorn Way from Westonhill Dr to Bootes St re are multiple potholes that are making  road very hazardous.
a very large and deep pothole is in  middle   intersection at 3rd and Ash.  Causing tire and wheel damage especially at normal speeds
Numerous LARGE dangerous potholes and edge  road deteriorating.  San Pasqual Rd (Between Bear Valley and Rt 78)
Pothole
Very busy street filled wh major potholes
Pothole
Pothole in crosswalk across east side Bannock Ave at Kleefeld Ave. Pedestrian hazard.
Pothole large
Pothole on Camino Del Norte turning right onto Bernardo Center Rd.
LARGE POTHOLE
LARGE POTHOLE
Pothole in westbound #2 lane
POTHOLES, ON TED WILLIAMS UP TO I-15
POTHOLES
3 huge potholes have opened up on  chunk  Mt Aguilar between Mt Albertine and Auburndale.
A recent construction hole wasn't filled wh asphalt, or  washed away, but has resulted in a deep pothole, just north  Villa La Jolla.
Running for about 1/2 mile intermtently in #2 lane  westbound traffic
POTHOLES
Large pothole - more than 6 feet by 3 feet at  intersection
multiple large pothole in 7200 block  Linda Vista Rd.  left turning lane
Possible sinkhole.  's been patched before and  same hole appeared. Located in alley by trolley station.
Huge potholes along Capricorn that are getting deeper and deeper wh  rain.  Dangerous for drivers and absolutely making Mira Mesa look like a sub-par communy.
Major potholes on  area  Gold Coast Dr
After  sewer lateral projects and all  undergrounding work and repaving  our street,  sewer pipe lining to our house collapsed due to a contractor error.   has been proved!   contractor came out and cut a huge 6 foot long by 2 foot wide swatch  a newly paved street to make  repairs.  after  repairs y dumped asphalt in  hole and walked away.  now  is a huge hole and what scares me is my sister who lives re is disabled.  she takes her trash in and out and if she trips over  she could really get hurt... has happened before.  please send someone out immediately to review  condion and repair  street according to  cies street monotarium.
Roughly 2 ft. long and 3 inches wide, 2 inches deep. The street has a long crack starting at that pothole and  striping is fading...  Right before  tuxedo stop sign.
Severe pothole knocked f my side view mirror - deep enough to hurt or kill a motorcyclist. Please fix ASAP,  whole area going onto  8 from Fairmont is laden wh potholes.
There are potholes everywhere on both sides  entering and existing to 163.  Cars are trying to avoid  potholes and coming closer to each or and  chances  an accident to happen is higher especially when speeding up to enter  freeway. T needs repairs as soon as yesterday!
There are 5 potholes on  northbound side   street all about 2 feet long, 3-12 inches wide, and 3-6 inches deep. I just reported  southbound side   street but se are more numerous and much worse.
Large pothole in  crosswalk at 10th and B
Large pothole corner  Santa Monica and Sunset Cliffs
Pothole  size  Missouri located as you get f  163 ramp to Balboa
Big pothole as you ex 163 to Balboa
Significant pothole in southbound right turn lane, too dangerous to take pictures
Pothole on Carmel Country Road, south  Del Mar Heights Road
Many potholes, particularly east  Westonhill and west  Black Mountain Rd.
Several big ones here on way to airport. Harbor Dr before old commuter terminal
Huge pothole wh excessive water leak not caused by rain
Coming up eastbound montezuma rd right before Collwood in  left lane.
Multiple HUGE potholes in lefthand lanes going westbound on Genesee ave nearing intersection  Genesee and Kinda vista rd
Large potholes that are stretching across whole entrance
A huge, damaging and highly dangerous pot hole in north bound lane  Morena Blvd., just at  intersection  Baker St. and Morena Blvd. I tried to avoid  pothole but  was so large and deep that I still h , my left two tires popped instantly, while we changed  front tire that had  most damage, I saw numerous cars trying to swerve to avoid  pot hole, numerous cars hting  pothole and two ors who got flat tires/damaged rims whin  hour I was re. The Pothole takes up  majory   lane.
Numerous significant potholes on Rancho Carmel Drive that need to be fixed as soon as possible. Thank you.
Large pothole that can be damaging to cars
4-6 inches deep - at least two layers  asphalt
Very deep
Two holes (perpendicular to each or)  created recently by cy workers and filled shallowly. Fill completely removed by recent rains - about 8 inches deep. Please fix! Thank you!
There are numerous potholes on Camino Del Norte from 15 freeway heading westbound to Dove Canyon road. Too many potholes for photos.
Way more than 5 potholes on Capricorn Way
MANY CHUNKS IN STREET
Hi re -Just wanted to alert you  a large pothole at  north end   intersection on Euclid at El Cajon blvd.Myself and a friend saw an older lady in a electric wheelchair fall Face first into  street trying to cross  intersection.  Luckily she was not hurt but I figured  least I could do is send you folks a message.  Hope  can be taken care   avoid injury to those in wheelchairs.  Thanks in advance!-Nick Bennett
There is a large pothole on  north side   Shell Gas Station in PB on Balboa (around Olney and Noyes). There are also several pot holes going Northbound on Ingraham between La Playa and Grand.
There are numerous potholes on Camino del norte heading eastbound from Dove Canyon to 15 freeway.
More potholes on Capricorn Way
Eastbound lane, just west  Ward Rd.
You need to cover all potholes on Capricorn Way
There are numerous potholes along Rancho Bernardo Rd eastbound and westbound from Dove Canyon Rd to 15 freeway.
More potholes on Capricorn Way
On Genesee Ave both east and west  Richland re are at least half a dozen potholes on both east and west bound lanes.  They are really bad west bound.   is hard to avoid m and people swerve into or lanes.
This pothole is located f  rosecrans and  cross section is actually next to  residential section  hornet st....i was driving saturday and was not able to swerve around  because re was traffic next to me, causing me to have a flat tire and having to pay 88 dollars unexpectingly. I wasn't very happy about . When I walked back to take  picture I saw many people swerving as much as y could to avoid  issue  getting a flat. If you could please let me know that  issue has been addressed, and also is re a reimbursement having to get a new tire? ...wendie Green
Large pothole in  middle   residential street.
Huge & deep pothole can be found when turning left from Westview Pkwy in  middle left turn lane onto Mira Mesa Blvd. The pothole is next to  lanes that go onto  15-south.
Huge pothole  size  your car tire when turning right from New Salem St onto Camino Ruiz.
Multiple potholes on Camino Ruiz from intersection  Hydra Lane all  way to Capricorn Way 92126 (Mira Mesa).
Inside intersection
Potholes
Multiple potholes on Camino Ruiz.  Potholes located starting at  intersection  Miramar Road and Camino Ruiz all  way to Activy Road traffic light.
LARGE POTHOLE ON LOGAN EASTBOUND RIGHT BEFORE EUCLID AV
10443-10381 Clairemont Mesa Blvd...There are about 10 potholes going in and out  tierrasanta on clairemont mesa blvd. Starts at   vons and ends at antigua street.
Westbound Lane right next to median
North on paseo luceido just f Camino del Norte on  east side   street if paseo  LuceidoLarge pothole Also anor bad pothole on  street just f Carmel mountain road near Costco Make  first right f Carmel mountain road going south from Camino de Norte on Rancho Carmel road
Pothole northbound lane
Pothole in front  McDonald's drive thru
Deep pothole westbound lane
Patch potholes
Very large pothole right lane headed towards Rosecrans, in front  restaurant, before Michael's parking lot entrance.
Potholes at DelS and Del Sur
Large Re-occuring Pot Hole at corner  2000 Paseo Dorado and 7900 Lowry Terrace. Needs to be fixed wh cement isnce black top washes f . Standing water here also breeds insects. Please fix   asap
There continues to be potholes and damaged asphalt in  intersection.
Large pothole on EB Mira Mesa BLVD
Right turn lane deteriorated near rail tracks. Impedes traffic.
Large pothole center  lanes in front  address listed.
Copley and Hawley
Copley and Hawley
pothole in  east bound lane
Copley and Hawley
Pothole in  eastbound lane
There are two consecutive potholes at  intersection  La Jolla Scenic Drive North and La Jolla Village Drive.  The most dangerous pothole is on La Jolla Scenic Drive in  right lane, approaching  crosswalk.  Residents report  pothole being "almost 1 foot deep".
Copley and collier
The long  alley way on 3325 Clairemont Mesa Blvd has a lot  potholes.  I  am so nervous that  will damage my car and tires.  I use  alley at least 3 times a week.  Please help.
Pothole in  eastbound lane

Multiple potholes on both lanes    street and in each direction (west-east)


big potholes on Ted Williams Pkwy between Stoney Gate and Highland Ranch. The potholes have been filled previously but a shoddy job!

In  dashed line
Three huge pothole
LARGE POTHOLES IN ALLEY
pothole at north west corner  Genesee and Governor while going westbound in right lane  Governor -- just before  gas station. There is anor pothole going eastbound on Governor at Governor and Radcliff (one block west, in front   Chabad  UC building.

Potholes all along  road. Not just where I have on map. 's awful!!!
tire popping pothole on street in front  address
pothole on street in front  address
Regents Road between executive Drive in health sciences drive has many severe pot holes that are very damaging to  alignments
Pot hole #2 lane ne side going up  hill
tire popping pothole at intersection 28th & Imperial Ave
SEVERAL POTHOLES
Group  large potholes
This road has had a lot  potholes for awhile, but  recent storms made a couple large enough y could kill an unaware motorcyclist.
On  corner  Hawthorn and Kettner street, turning onto India street from Hawthorn, re is a really bad pothole/ street breakage problem post rain.
LAARGE POTHOLE ON NORTH HARBOR DR AS YOU APPROACH TERMINAL 2
Potholes on Balboa west bound Just past  intersection at Clairemont Dr.
s big
POTHOLES IN ALLEY
LARGE POTHOLE, POPPED TIRE
Multiple potholes on  south bound lane
Urgent! Traffic being slowed down due to many very LARGE potholes se are located after u get f 163 going West all  way to Limda Vista Rd.
LARGE POTHOLE
There are 30-50 potholes in  mile  Poway Road just to  east   15fwy. Help!
West bound Genesee Ave both in  #1 and #2 lanes  traffic, between SB 163 ex and Linda Vista Road re are at least 15 huge pot holes. Some as deep as 6 inches.  I am not exaggerating.
potholes
Multiple Potholes
That's Potholes -plural.  's a disgrace for  cy to have people arriving and leaving from our airport thru numerous potholes all along Harbor Drive.  I looked at  2017 map for road repair and see nothing for that stretch   road.  The Major should be  first person to get  roads department on .
Pothole at  intersection  Sixth Ave and Universy Avenue in  ramp leading to 163 -S
Potholes
potholes in  entire 200 yard section
Pothole in alley between Hartford St and Galveston St
Pothole forming around manhole cover in eastbound lane at ex from 3636 Camino Del Rio N.
Significant multiple potholes in both directions and both lanes (in each direction) between Provencal PL and Glenhurst Way.  Doesn't seem possible to drive  section  road in any lane in eir direction whout hting multiple potholes.
Large pothole in middle  street
Giant pothole and  number one lane going east. So large that  cannot be avoided
Hole
Huge pothole
Pothole
Major Potholes
Very large pothole in left lane next to curb extending into  lane.
4 foot diameter Major Potholes
Dozens  large potholes along a seam in  asphalt westbound from LA Cuenta to Santo rd.
Huge pothole,  popped my tire
Southside vantage way in front  2540 between Bahama cove and Boqua.  1. Concrete buckled up a couple inches.  2. Old  asphalt repair  10 ft west  above coming out in chucks in street.
Major Potholes

Pot holes in  intersection  Convoy & Clairemont Mesa.  Some are located in  turn lanes.
  light going  East on Washington to turn left onto 163 N. or South re is a huge pothole   has been re since  end  December.  Wh all  rains  is only getting larger.  There is not a wide enough space to drive around  so I constantly have to drive through   and I am now fearful that I will get a flat tire.
The streets at and near  intersection are very damaged but re is a pothole at  intersection that has grown to dangerous proportions.
In  intersection
Very low spot in street between 6433 and 6430 Amberly St. Becomes a lake in  rain
STREET IS FILLED WITH POTHOLES BETWEEN LINDA VISTA RD AND 163 HWY ON GENESEE AV
There is a pothole in  street in front  my driveway.  is 4 feet long & 1 1/2 feet wide.
4 large potholes in westbound lanes East side  I-5
SEVERAL LARGE POTHOLES RIGHT BEFORE NAUTILUS ON LA JOLLA BL
Genessee Ave between Cardinal Road and Balboa. 's particularly horrible close to Linda Vista Road. Also, Balboa Ave from Genesee down to Mission Bay Drive. Due to  construction on Balboa & Morena, at least fix down to Moraga. I'm guessing you already know about se problem areas.
A large pothole in  right lane  grand avenue heading west.   is not possible to safely take a photograph   pothole.
Huge pothole on Montezuma heading toward SDSU, right before Collwood. 's in  left-most lane.
Two significant potholes are in  far left lane on Kettner Blvd just before  intersects wh Laurel St
Sewer manhole has large chunks  concrete/payment broken and upended
There is a huge pothole on Paseo Lucido by Camindo del Norte by CVS Pharmacy.  I drove over  Monday night (1/23) around 8 PM and popped both left tires (driver and passenger side).  I had to replace both tires and get an alignment.  This is very a very dangerous pothole and cause considerable damage.  I will be making a claim for reimbursement.
Big deep pothole
Pothole
Right side pothole
String  potholes along  center   road.
Pothole  size  a grand canyon.  H   or day can blew out my tire.  Please fix ASAP!!!
Large pothole that was filled wh gravel  last time  was repaired is now open again. The gravel is strewn around  area due to traffic. Rocks being thrown by traffic resulted in my parked vehicle being scratched and window broken before  last repair. I do not want  to happen again. Please fix  pothole and preferably whout using gravel. Thank you for your time.
Large pothole shook car. Felt like may have bent left rim.
Huge cracks and potholes in left turn lane headed northbound.
s much deeper than  picture looks and very dangerous. 's on Via Capri just a ltle b past Senn Avenue. The pothole keeps getting larger and larger, deeper and deeper.
Pothole
There are several large potholes in  O-Lot which is a cy owned parking lot that is connected to  Naval Medical Center San Diego. Some   potholes, I'm estimating are 4 ft wide, and maybe 6-8 inches deep. Makes driving very, very difficult
There are several potholes on La Jolla Parkway and both sides   street. These potholes start from La Jolla Parkway and Hidden Valley/Torrey Pines and continue on La Jolla Parkway till  freeway ramp for I five north and 52 east. The potholes are on both  right and left sides  La Jolla Parkway.
Big pot hole
There are numerous pot holes that have gotten worse after  rains. This is street that goes to  parking lot for staff and patients at Naval Medical Center San Diego .
Giant pothole in intersection, rightmost lane from Ash Street
Street cutout was not repaired corner Dakota and Clairemont dr
Pothole

Approximately 10-12 Potholes on Ulric St between Linda Vista Rd and Dunlop St
Pothole on  westbound lane right after  street light.
Pothole
All intersection bad.
Huge number  deep potholes throughout  entire road

large potholes on Fairmont road before getting on  8 east freeway.

POTHOLES
Large pothole in right lane north  Utah Street.




large potholes on rockhurst dr




Too many potholes and very bad road surface

A couple  large potholes in  southbound lane(s)  Rosecrans Street, just before (north ) Midway Drive.
Two potholes entering  freeway , dangerous
There are numorous large potholes on our street that have been re for many months. In addion, ever street in our entire neighborhood recently (1 year ago) got repaved, but our road is still 15+ years old and is in awful condion. When is our Haidas Avenue going to get repaved?Thank you in advance
Pot hole on  eastbound side
Pothole
Several large potholes in close proximy.  Located on Genesee westbound lanes near Richland St.  Each is 2-4 ft in diameter and several inches deep.  The buses keep making se larger daily.
BIG POTHOLE
massive pothole kearny mesa rd  south  magnatron east side  road
Huge pot hole on  corner  Derrick and Genesee, near  Jack in  Box.
POTHOLE
 has been reported to me that a couple  years ago,  Cy  San Diego removed  two-way sewer pipe clean out that used to be located in  back driveway at  property. A new 2 way clean out was never re-installed. Can you please provide me wh information regarding ?
There is a large pothole at  stop light at Park Blvd and Universy Ave as you are heading toward Balboa Park.
Potholes and rough surfaces. This is a retirement communy and potholes are very dangerous for many residents, including my parents. They have not been repaired for a few years!
W/B TED WILLIAMS PKWY CENTER LANEPOTHOLE  DID DAMAGE TO HER CAR AND TIRES
4550-4700 Mercury St... both North & South sides  street... several potholes.
Pot hole on  south corner .
There are many potholes along Clairmont Mesa Blvd, starting at La Cuenta and heading west to  15 fwy.  Some are 3-5 inches thick!  There are some just past Vons that are bad as well.
A huge pot hole resulting from  storm.
Pothole in  intersection  El Camino Real and Carmel Valley road, leading to  on-ramp   56 East.
Major pothole up and down South 49th st
Three potholes on  northbound #1 lane at  intersection  Camino Ruiz and Calle Morellos
ALL  Poway road is a giant pothole
Lerally from Genessee ex to Linda Vista Rd, re are 3-5 deep, significant potholes and many or smaller ones.
Pothole in  norast corner   intersection.
3 pot holes in a horizontal line
Huge, deep pothole in right at  entrance   Vallarta driveway
Potholes are in  Alley in front  my garage and driveway. We have a lot  foot traffic.  is dangerous for people and cars.
LARGE POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
Please fill potholes along  north curb line  Market St about 90 feet west  Park Bl.
6192526877
Major potholes on  segment  road, all on  northbound lane Fairmount Ave.  There are over 10 potholes.
SEVERAL POTHOLES AT CLAIREMONT MESA AND CONVOY ST
Pothole
Two big potholes on  street heading East on Grand. You have to swerve to  or lane or really close to  parked cars to avoid.
Pothole
Large pothole approx. 18-20 inch wide.  Near  stop light on College Avenue and 8 west on ramp.  Pop  tire on my car and damaged  rim.  Need new tire and alignment.
Pothole/sinkhole on  west side  Piccard, just north  Del Sol.
Potholes
Several Potholes from Salk Elementary to Parkdale/Northrup Drive area.
Large pot hole (lane 2 headed east) on Ted Williams Pkwy, as well as addional potholes on  Pkwy between I-15 and Pomerado Rd.
Bad pothole regents road at luna ave going up hill from 52 when you turn corner right onto Luna ave
Pothole
This is a 5' pothole that's opened up and gotten bigger at   end  my driveway. Some leftover asphalt would do nicely. Thank you
Two adjacent potholes in center lane
Large pothole from storm at  NW corner at curb.
Potholes along Camino Del Norte westbound between I-15 and Dove Canyon in 4S Ranch
Pothole is on southbound side  Paseo Lucido, just south   intersection  Calle Saucillo and Paseo Lucido
A huge pothole on Mira mesa BLVd passed Westview Parkway (going East). I think  3rd lane from  right.
Numerous large potholes from  163/Genesee f ramp to Linda Vista Rd.
Multiple potholes
Pothole
Pothole near  address on  southbound direction lane
Very large pothole will mess up alignment every time
Large pothole
This section  street has been repaired repeatedly . There are patches on patches. In  tenth  a mile re are 20 to 30 patches.  is time to resurface  street. THX.
Big pot hole
Multiple
Big pothole
Please fix ALL THE POTHOLES on  street south  Aero Dr. There are very deep now right next to  open area by  corner and have been reported for weeks now. Why won't you repair m?
El Camino Real between Del Mar Heights Road and Half Mile in San Diego, CA 92130. Both north and south sides  El Camino Real have bad potholes.
Potholes
Potholes
Please fix  BUMPS on  part   street. There is a large bump now going downhill (southbound). This part   street is a concrete layer wh patches  asphalt. Please repair  bumps and holes.
NEW pothole right on  crosswalk on  RIGHT lane going eastbound on Montezuma Rd. Pothole is directly on  crosswalk markers.
A series  potholes appeared after  storm, in addion to  already existing ones. The street here has been in a bad condion for a long time.
Street has buckled right over  pedestrian crosswalk leaving a gap. Please repair.   intersection  54th St and Adams ave. Thanks
Pothole at intersection  55th and Madison
Almost fell  my bike because  
Several large potholes between 163 and Genesee westbound
DEEP POTHOLE ON THE RIGHT LANE GOING EAST ON AERO DR. Please repair . Several requests made already.
The or is at  intersection  Radcliffe St. and Governor Street, zip code 92122
Large gaping holes on side   road as well as many scattered on  street.
Large pothole in number 2 lane on Navajo Road heading NW,  immediately after entering intersection wh Lake Murray
Anor is in front   Uned Oil gas station at Governor Street near Genesee St., zip code 92122

Very large pot hole when getting on on ramp
Large pot hole, approximately 2 feet in diameter and 1 foot in length located south  Camino del Norte on Paseo Lucido, San Diego.
Many large potholes up and down Del Mar Scenic Parkway along wh several areas where  trees in  center medians have heaved up  blacktop causing large bumps in  road. All are up and down  street on both  east and west sides   medians. Farst north is near  Sea Village  development  @ intersection wh Camino Mar Villa & going south along  Sea Point development, all  way down to  intersection at Del Mar Scenic and Carmel Valley Road.   Too many to take photos!
Big pot hole throw out Coronado ave west to east from  eight south ex on Coronado and going east to Beyer ave.
Highwood Dr. -  entire area between Bisby and Regner and beyond is horrible, 's completely full  potholes and broken asphalt and has been  way for several years.  Many people, including myself, use a longer route to get to our destinations.  This is one   worst streets I've seen, and while surrounding roads that were not in bad shape have been resurfaced,  street has not been touched.
Numerous potholes and poor road condion
There are a few potholes in Ted Williams (west to east) right before Shoal Creek Dr.
The whole length  Chateau Drive is ravaged by potholes! i LIVE ON THIS STREET AND HAVE TO ATTempt to get around m all.  is terrible.
Several large holes running  length   street
Broken up East and West Murray park at Park Ridge
Pot holes on East bound 56 right lanes
This pothole is an emergency This huge hole is blocking  entrance to  163.  10's  thousands  dollars in car damage is occurring at  location every hour. 2nd request!
Several pot holes running  length   street
Numerous potholes on  bridge

2 different potholes
Pothole
Several large potholes
A number  potholes along  stretch between Midway & Rosecrans.
Badly damaged intersection wh potholes and damaged asphalt from recently abandoned street "improvement" project.  This whole area has had hundreds  pothole requests submted over  past 5 years.  None  m have been filled.
2 ft. by 2 ft. by 4 feet deep   In  northbound lane
Large hole, corner  Glasgow and Avondale
Pothole
East bound Ted Williams big pot holes
Several potholes close on island.
Very large pothole in rt turn lane going south on Park turning onto Universy Ave
Big pothole that's been getting bigger for 2 months.On  north/west bound lane in front   Mobil Gas Station. Thank you
Large pothole has opened up directly behind 4381 Oregon Street, in  alley.Requesting repair.  Garbage trucks are making  problem worse daily.
Pothole, middle  road
Cracks and holes
Growing pothole

Pothole
Several potholes, a few were fixed a month ago and y eir were reopened or new ones were formed near by.
Pothole corner  Glasgow and Morlan


Multiple potholes over a foot deep. Largest one spans about 3 feet.
Pothole

On El Camino Real, between Elijah and Via de la Valle, Carmel Valley / Del Mar (numerous potholes)
we started wh two big pot holes at  corner  Lake Murray Blvd and San Carlos Blvd. and now re are several huge gashes in  street.   street is narrow so  affects many people from being able to access  street and parking.   is on  San Diego side.
The stretch between Midway & Nimz on both sides very bad.
Pothole

Huge potholes in intersection
Corner  Conrad and Glasgow many holes.
Very large pothole (3 1/2 - 4 feet) that fills wh water and remains filled wh water several days after rain stops

Very bad in front  Dylan Point Loma.


Just saw something on tv where you can report street problems, well  isn't a pothole but  part   street has a very hard bump, been like  for a couple  years. Every time I drive over  I say I'm going to say something and  is . Or cars are aware  , y will slow down, go around , I do  same. Was hoping  could be taken care ? Thanks! On  photos,  close up, 's re in  center. Santo Rd north, just south   52 freeway.
Just saw something on tv where you can report street problems, well  isn't a pothole but  part   street has a very hard bump, been like  for a couple  years. Every time I drive over  I say I'm going to say something and  is . Or cars are aware  , y will slow down, go around , I do  same. Was hoping  could be taken care ? Thanks! On  photos,  close up, 's re in  center. Santo Rd north, just south   52 freeway.
Granville area Crawford St from  4700 block  Glacier down to 6500 block  Zion Ave. from 6500  Zion Ave up to  4800 block  Estrella Ave.
Just saw something on tv where you can report street problems, well  isn't a pothole but  part   street has a very hard bump, been like  for a couple  years. Every time I drive over  I say I'm going to say something and  is . Or cars are aware  , y will slow down, go around , I do  same. Was hoping  could be taken care ? Thanks! On  photos,  close up, 's re in  center. Santo Rd north, just south   52 freeway.

Massive number  potholes
Very large pothole approaching left turn lane at Shoal Creek
Just saw something on tv where you can report street problems, well  isn't a pothole but  part   street has a very hard bump, been like  for a couple  years. Every time I drive over  I say I'm going to say something and  is . Or cars are aware  , y will slow down, go around , I do  same. Was hoping  could be taken care ? Thanks! On  photos,  close up, 's re in  center. Santo Rd north, just south   52 freeway.



Just saw something on tv where you can report street problems, well  isn't a pothole but  part   street has a very hard bump, been like  for a couple  years. Every time I drive over  I say I'm going to say something and  is . Or cars are aware  , y will slow down, go around , I do  same. Was hoping  could be taken care ? Thanks! On  photos,  close up, 's re in  center. Santo Rd north, just south   52 freeway.





Multiple large potholes along Alvarado Rd after rainstorm.

Several potholes along  strip.
From Route 163 to Linda Vista Road on Genesee Avenue West bound.  Both West bound lanes have multiple potholes.  Multiple safety hazards.
West bound Genesee Ave. Left turn # 2 lane to Linda Vista Road has a very large and deep pothole.  Safety hazard.
Gigantic pot hole
Multiple potholes
East bound Genesee Avenue from Linda Vista Road to 163.  The # 1 lane has multiple potholes.  Safety hazards.
very bad in 4406 mt henry ave 02117
Seriously about 30 potholes on northbound fairmont avenue coming down  hill right lane towards  I-8 connector. Someone is going to get in a serious accident. Traffic is moving at 55+mph swerving to miss m. This is so scary and not to mention damaging to  cars. HURRY and drive from Meade ave go  north on fairmont ave down  hill. Like your going to get on 8 east. CHECK IT OUT!!PS: re are also bicyclists that go down that hill. A car could swerve to miss a pothole and h a bicyclist.
S/E/QUADRANT
On convoy north side  intersection at Ollo.
In  middle lane heading north.
Big pothole on Rosecrans and Freeman. 's going to take out someone's tire soon.
Multiple potholes, large and depth
Potholes up and down Maybell Bell Lane between Pearl and Genter streets in La Jolla
Several deep potholes between 30th and 805 in east bound lane
Large pothole at traffic lights on Genesee and 52 going North on Genesee
There is a pothole on Ingraham Street near Chalcedony Street
Two pothole in right lane  west bound lanes  Scripps Poway Parkway.  One east  Springbrook Dr. and one west  Springbrook Dr.
Chateau Dr from Lyric Ln to Mt Abernathy Ave is in terrible shape. There are so many potholes that Chateau needs to be repaved.
Giant pot hole next to large pot hole
Pothole right lane, eastbound
Pothole on  ex from 8 West to Mission Center Road
Large pothole, left eastbound lane, middle  intersection
Genesee from 163 west to Linda Vista Rd.
Multiple potholes on Camino de la Reina between Fashion Valley Mall and Mission Valley Mall.
Potholes on Camino de la Siesta includig wrapping around to Camino del Rio N., in both directions.
MULTIPLE potholes once again on Camino del Rio N. in both east and west bound lanes.
Giant pothole that nearly destroyed my wheel
Mercury @ 163 framp, middle  intersection North bound lanes Deep hole
Large potholes in  left lane  Genesee Ave., adjacent to  left turn lane on Richland St.Dangerous for cars to pass through se potholes, as y are large enough to damage tires. Some motorists try to maneuver away from se potholes, and drift towards  right lane, ten nearly causing a collision wh traffic in  right lane.
 NW  corner  Luna Ave & Clairemont Mesa Blvd/Regents Rd.  In southbound turning land (Regents onto Luna.)
Major potholes up and down Madera street and Broadway. I've had 2 flat tires whin December 2016 to now January 2017. Potholes are hard to avoid when  whole street is just potholes
Entrance to Well's Fargo and Banner Bank Driveway on Balboa West.
Pothole in  far left lane  Eastbound La Jolla Village Drive in  intersection wh Villa La Jolla. Right before reaching end  intersection near center median.
There is AT LEAST 30 potholes on  1 Street. During  rain  obviously has gotten worse, but  is EXTREMELY difficult to maneuver a vehicle through  2 lane street.I would deeply appreciate , if someone would take care  such an "easy" but annoying and unnecessary issue. Thank you in advance,Sincerely,Angelika
100 Feet shy  Cannington Dr. on Balboa Westbound. Holes in both fast and middle lanes.
Otay mesa road at Sanyo ave to  county line (about 1/4 mile) ir are potholes. These pothole are so large that when I drive over m I'm problem damaging my tires on my car. Wh  recent rain and trucks that drive on  road y have made se potholes very large.
Massive pot hole that gave me a flat tire and almost a wreck.
Pothole
The intersection  Genessee & Mount Etna in  middle where  left turn lane goes into Genessee Plaza.
major holes

There is a huge pothole on  eastbound lanes  Mira Mesa blvd. just after Westview Parkway and before I 15 freeway in  second to  left lane but on  edge   far left lane. I h  hard which caused both front and back tires on drivers side  my car to flatten. My car needed to be towed to a tire place for new tires in which I am still waing for. Tire place will check to see if more damage was done besides  tires.
Huge pothole.
POTHOLES ON BOTH SIDES OF THE ROAD
Pothole in crosswalk at corner  College Ave and Del Cerro Blvd (@ Chevron gas station) on south side  street
Multiple deep hole turning west on to Taylor from bridge
Directly in front  4502 Monroe
Potholes between Santo road and Antigua blvd. A lot  potholes, drivers are swerving to avoid m.
Two potholes on mallard, eastbound lane.
As you turn right from adobe falls onto waring road (north), re is a hole that has been re for a couple months. Water continuously streams out from  hole in  middle   lane. I envision a sink hole scenario everyday as I turn.
VERY large pot hole left side  right lane.
Potholes in both westbound lanes.
Multiple deep potholes going North on Camino Ruiz from Mira Mesa Blvd. to Aquarius Dr.
There are 2 pot holes heading westbound on Grand Ave in PB. They are on  North side   street between Mission Bay Drive and Noyes.
Huge pothole in  left lane on del mar heights road right after  light at  bottom   hill. 's been re for months but  rain has made  significantly worse. 's definely a safety hazard cars are swerving into  next lane to avoid  and I drive that road at least once a day so I see  happen ten please repair  as soon as possible.
There is a pothole on  south side  Grand heading eastbound around Fanuel street in  left-hand lane.
2 deep potholes that will swallow tires. Leftover from utily work, maybe. Can't avoid from right turn lane.
There is a pothole on La Playa as you head eastbound.  is in front  Crest Liquor on  south side   street.
Pothole

Deep pothole in right hand turn/bike lane at  northwest corner  Regents and Luna
2-3 large deep potholes near Hyatt driveway.  The biggest I've seen in years.
Several
Numerous potholes, warping filler asphalt and sinking manhole covers along Torrey Pines Road between La Jolla Village Drive and Genessee Ave.
Intersection  36th St. and Market St.   several large potholes at busy intersection.  Main road approaching local Costco.
Pothole
Pothole
Series  large potholes at  end  freeway 8 f ramp bridge when turning right onto Taylor street.
Potholes along Camino Del Norte. They are huge and  Todd is in poor condion until  gets  county maintained part which is good. Please repair  road from 15 to Camino san Bernardo.
Pothole
All along West Point Loma Blvd. from Nimz to Midway Drive,  road is filled wh potholes. If  was just one or two  wouldn't be an issue but y are all along that road so that you're swerving to have to miss m every or minute.
Pothole
Pothole
Two potholes
Pothole by carport 3 feet by 1 foot
Pot hole, in shopping center next to taco bell
pothole caused flat tire eb lanes after Aldine dr
Pothole
I think I left my axle in  road!! Two huge potholes in  right turn lane  Regents Rd. South, turning onto Luna.
Lane closest to condos on corner near intersection uneven.
P/H IN EB LANE BY XWALK
After  recent rain storms, Camino Ruiz, between Westmore Road and Calle Cristobal north bound, has developed large deep potholes in which many drivers ten have to swerve around.
Large pothole, Old Town Ave heading south before Arco station.
 is like a war zone here.  Only a tank can make  thru here?  Who dropped  bombs in  roadway?  Maybe  Russians.
Top layer  pavement has been removed making a long shallow pothole.
2 big pot holes against  meridian island, i.e. left lane, west bound on Aero Dr past Afton Rd but before Aero Ct
Pothole in right lane
Various pot holes North and South along Carmel Mountain Rd between Camino Del Norte and Rancho Carmel Drive
9650 camino ruiz San Diego ca
HUGE CRATERS scattered through out POWAY rd on  west side   San Diego line. JUMBO size!!!!!!!!!
1 by 2 foot ish pothole. Right hand lane  fairmont north
There are a number  potholes in  area on Mt Acadia.
Pothole
There are numerous potholes on Euclid and Market Street in  left hand turning lane that need to be filled. They are near  Tubman Chavez Center as you make a left turn onto Market Street.
There are que a few large potholes on  stretch  golfcrest
Large pot hole on Broadway st, turning into  94west ramp.
Multiple potholes on  block
Pothole
There are potholes all along Clairemeont Mesa Blvd. some  m so large  are causing damage to cars including flat tires! They are getting worse and growing in numbers!
Very large dangerous pothole. Roughly 3'x3' and a foot deep.
Calle de las Rosas/R. PQ Blvd 92129-pot holes/bad streets
Pothole about 3ft wide, 8inches deep left lane going north
Northbound Rosecrans. Two potholes - one in left lane and one in right.
The whole road on Rancho Carmel Dr is ltered in potholes from Ted Williams to Carmel Mountain Road. 's aweful, I've never seen a road so bad. Please help our cars and our sany by repaving  road. Patching a pothole here and re is just not working.  More needs to be done!
Pothole in crosswalk in front  school.
The potholdes on Genesee east  Linda Vista are deep, dangerous and numerous; y can cause major vehicle damage and possibly personal injury.
Many large potholes on both sides  Claremont Mesa. I h one on Saturday going east by  Vons market that flattened my tire!! About 10 or more potholes on both sides   street between Antigua and Via Vallarta. Please fix!! Some are over a foot wide and 2 feet long!
921 West Quince and corner 3009 Union and Quince
2 potholes
Lots  deep and big potholes between 163 and boyd
Huge , afraid will eat my car
Pothole.
Huge pot hole on east side  road right in front  JT'sPub and Grill.
Chunk  manhole cover concrete surround fell out and created a big pot hole.
Pot holes on both sides  street.
Both east and west bound lanes have multiple deep pot holes in front  St. Therese Catholic Church along Navajo Road.
Multiple pot holes along Navajo Road (east bound lane) between Margerum Avenue and Park Ridge Boulevard.
Multiple potholes and  road generally falling apart.
POSSIBLE SINKHOLE FORMING. JUST EAST OF CARMEL CANYON.
All over  place. Dangerous to cat and especially motorcycles. They're getting bigger by  day.
Very large, deep pothole in  left lane. I h so hard in  that my teeth snapped toger.
Pothole on  intersection  fourth Avenue and East Street. Downtown
South  clairmont
huge pothole at  intersection  Convoy and clairemont mesa. damaged rim
POTHOLE
Potholes on both eastbound and westbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd between I-15 and La Cuenta.
N/B LANE PRETTY DEEP POTHOLE
In front   store on  street. There are a couple  large potholes right before Grantville trolley station. I take  trolley everyday and someone is bound to get a flat tire.
Very large pothole in  turn lane when turning from Regents onto Luna heading west.
Multiple potholes  is  largest.

There is a pothole near at 7585 Darden Court which is getting wider and deeper by each day.  Please come and repair  soon as possible.
Entire street needs some attention
huge porhole
The road is in terrible condion
This street is really bad!
There are a few potholes in  #1 lane going eastbound on Clairemont Blvd. between Complex St. and Ruffin Rd.
Huge potholes from Aveneda Magnifica East.
3 BIG POTHOLES & LOTS OF MINOR ONES (JUST SOUTH OF INTERSECTION
Large, deep pot hole in  middle   lane going to  on ramp   163, nearest  intersection  Washington and Richmond in Hillcrest.
A series  very large and very deep potholes has developed on Genesee Avenue between SR 163 and Linda Vista Road.  This is due to pavement patches placed after recent roadwork.  The patches did not hold in  recent rains.  The potholes are HUGE.  Please repave.
Pothole where  cement dip meets  pavement heading east on Beagle Street.
Big potholes and cracks on  road.
Potholes all along Poway road heading towards Pomerado Rd. Especially on  right lane.
multiple potholes along calle dario, between Teresa and Santa Arminta.
multiple potholes on northbound camino ruiz, between Hydra and Capricorn Way.
There are a variety  large potholes on  on Pacific HWY North in  Right Hand Turn ONLY lane designated to turn onto Taylor Street. I would estimate between 7-10 different potholes. I have noticed numerous cars swerving to avoid which could be dangerous to traffic patterns.
Massive pothole
3 very big pot holes in front   court house
Near  intersection  Gilman and Villa La Jolla (southbound, south   light) in La Jolla re are several deep pot holes left by construction workers who didn't bor to fill m in.
multiple potholes at intersection  Monroe Ave and Georgia St.
multiple potholes at 163 f-ramp at Kearny Villa Rd.
Multiple pot holes at  intersection  30th Street and Lincoln Ave.
MANY big potholes in  area - Rosecrans/Sports Arena Blvd.  's treacherous driving because re's no way to get out   lane in multiple lane traffic.  Repairs to  area last about two weeks and n re's anor big hole!  Pull  toger, folks, and fix se so y stay fixed...Please!!!
Potholes on eastbound and westbound Poway Road and Springhurst
Pothole
westbound Aero Drive extremely large dangerous deep potholes that need immediate attention total disrepair. I understand we are not La Jolla but please come to our communy and fix our ravaged streets
There are potholes on poway road between sabre springs pkwy and Springhurst Dr. A friend has already gotten two flat tires from  potholes. They are mostly on  road facing east but re are also some facing west.
Southbound Regents on right turn corner wh Luna Avenue. Very large pothole about 1 foot across and 1 foot deep
Pothole on road facing south east
Large pothole locate on right turn from La Jolla Scenic Drive N onto La Jolla Village Drive. About 1 foot diameter and 10 inches deep
Genesee West from 163 Hwy to Linda Vista is a mine field. People have to dodge huge and multiple deep potholes. Very dangerous.
4ft pot hole on Del Mar Hieghts at Carmel Cahyon flares and cones placed by rsvp
Large pothole locate on La Jolla Village Drive Eastbound left lane. About 1 foot diameter. We h  at 45mph. This will eventually cause an accident.
2 large potholes located on northbound Villa La Jolla Drive at  intersection wh  VA entrance. La Jolla Village Drive Eastbound left lane. Both are about 1 foot in diameter, impossible to miss one and not h  or.
2 large potholes located on northbound Villa La Jolla Drive at  intersection wh  VA entrance. Both are about 1 foot in diameter, impossible to miss one and not h  or.
Corner  Universy Ave and Bonillo Drive.Not a hole but concrete, is sticking out   road around 2-3 inches high.
Potholes located in right lane on southbound Regents Road south  CA-52
Multiple potholes located in  intersection  La Jolla Village Dr and Villa La Jolla Dr
There are many potholes in  left lane on Westbound Genesee between 163 and Linda Vista Road
Bad pothole
Large pothole on southbound  Vickers St passing intersection
The entire stretch  Poway Rd. though  Sabre Springs neighborhood (from  I-15 to Iola Way in Poway is extremely damaged wh pot holes on both  east and west bound lanes.  has been  way for years but has worsened after  storms.
Two huge pothole
Pot hole on westbound lane  Hotel Circle N
Intersection Mira Mesa Blvd.& Camino Ruiz/westbound Mira Mesa Blvd.
Pot hole in right turn lane going from Hotel Circle N turning into Fashion Valley Rd
SEVERAL POTHOLE ON POMERADO TO I-15

Near  crosswalk on Willow Rd where  students cross  street, re is a large pothole.
There are at least two VERY LARGE potholes in  East bound lane  Alvarado Road just East  College Avenue.  I have called several times to report se potholes.  As  today, y have not been repaired and have gotten larger.  My concern is that se potholes will damage vehicles or cause an accident if y are not repaired soon.  I have seen many drivers swerve to avoid  driving over se potholes.  Furrmore, I believe that se potholes will cause damage to  vehicles  people who are unfortunate enough not to know where y are resulting in m being driven over.
Large 2 potholes on southbound  Mercury st. on intersection wh Vickers St
Entire Street filled wh potholes
There is a significant number (10+)  tire-killing potholes on both eastbound and westbound lanes  Poway Rd between Sabre Springs Pkwy and Springhurst Dr.  Last night, a family member got a flat after failing to avoid m despe her best efforts.  Hopefully,  road can be serviced right away before more tires are claimed.
Massive pothole!!!!!
Huge pothole popped my tire  morning on my way to work. Needs fixing before someone gets hurt/more damage is done.
4 pot holes in one area
The entire Pacific highway south near MCRD is ltered wh deep potholes. Several re in that stretch  road damaged my alignment.
Pothole on Universy Ave WESTBOUND across from 5123 Universy Ave and across from  Auburn Park building. Pothole is against  median in  left WESTBOUND lane.
Huge pothole
Universy Ave. WESTBOUND pothole in from  4770 Universy Ave.
Potholes in front  4348 and 4374 Winona Ave.
Pothole in front  3494 Sports Arena Blvd (by Applebees) WESTBOUND in  right lane.
Pothole at NW corner  intersection. Very deep in  right turn lane going into Luna from South bound Regents.
Multiple potholes on sourn end  Genesee Ave between 163 and Linda Vista Road
During  recent rain  asfault was washed away.
There are several potholes on  street in front  our residence.  There was work done whin  last 2 years to repair/resurface several streets in our area including Bullock Drive, west  Boone Park but stopped before reaching our end   street.
Pothole on Sports Arena Blvd WESTBOUND at intersection  Sports Arena Plaza Driveway.
Huge pothole on Camino del Sur wh Carmel valley Rd.
Potholes in front  Longfellow Elementary School, below  stairs to enter  school.
N/B POTHOLE TIRE DAMAGE
Condion   roads are horrible on Triana St. between Derrik Dr. and Limerick.  This is  second time I am making a complaint.  Chunks  asphalt missing, potholes, etc.  The rains have made  condions (which I reported 3 weeks ago) 10 times worse.
Several potholes on Capricorn Way as you travel east, starting at Camino Ruiz.
Huge pot hola all through  part  clairemont Mesa blvd.
Huge Pot holes by center divide on both sides  road.
There are many deep potholes on Capricorn Way after  rains. This neighborhood street bears heavy traffic and se potholes are very damaging to our tires/vehicles. Thank you.
Middle  Alondra Drive in front  my residence a 2.5' x 1' section  Asphalt has broken f causing a large pot hole
Middle  Alondra Drive in front  my residence a 2.5' x 1' section  Asphalt has broken f causing a large pot hole
There is a significant pot hole on  east bound side  Montezuma.
Middle  Alondra Drive in front  my residence a 2.5' x 1' section  Asphalt has broken f causing a large pot hole
Pothole near driveway into apartment building on east side  47th Street (northbound lane), apartment building is next to (just south )  Winery.
For  most part,  entire street, but particularly  area between Mount King Dr and Mount Highpine Pl on Mount Henry Ave is a mess  potholes and degrading street. Edge to edge,  street is deteriorating and full  potholes.
Really deep pothole right next to  median.
Large and dangerous potholes along Gold Coast Drive from Black Mountain Road to Camino Ruiz.
2 large potholes right by  intersection wh Pet St.  Several or smaller potholes in  whole block between Pet St and Mt Albertine Ave.
Multiple potholes on Aldine on  'on ramp' where Aldine merges onto Fairmount Ave North.
Several large pot holes.
Three separate potholes on left-most lane on Mira Mesa Blvd, west-ward, right before reaching iHop.  appears that  potholes were sloppily filled in haste and y have created even larger dents in  road as a result, creating a road hazard. Please fix all three
There's about 5 potholes whin 3 feet  each or. Today my boyfriend got a flat tire from m. I don't have images right now, but I can go back and find m. I n  picture below re are on  farst right side    street.
LARGE pothole right lane along wh MANY smaller potholes in both lanes on northbound Fairmount Ave between Aldine and  I-8 overpass.
Middle  Alondra Drive in front  my residence a 2.5' x 1' section  Asphalt has broken f causing a large pot hole
3 large pot holes between Auburndal and Mt Albertine on Mt. Aguilar.
Middle  Alondra Drive in front  my residence a 2.5' x 1' section  Asphalt has broken f causing a large pot hole
The entire northbound section from  163 f ramp to Linda Vista Road
Middle  Alondra Drive in front  my residence a 2.5' x 1' section  Asphalt has broken f causing a large pot hole
Middle  Alondra Drive in front  my residence a 2.5' x 1' section  Asphalt has broken f causing a large pot hole
Capricorn way between westonhill dr and bootes st are ltered wh numerous potholes. Some are very large. Should be fixed immediately.
POTHOLE
#2 lane east on Clairemont at santo
Pothole on northbound Chatsworth in left lane just before intersection  Chatsworth and Catalina
Northwest bound #1 lane in front  McDonald's, large pot hole.
left turn lane onto santo
large pothole in street on Sequoia just south  Chico. As cars drive over , large chunks  asphalt are flying into  parked cars on  street.
Very large pothole in left gutter extending into lane.  So large and deep local residents are putting bricks into  bottom to prevent severe tire damage.
Potholes on southbound Catalina Blvd in both right and left lanes just before intersection  Catalina and Canon.
There are several large potholes on Pomerado on eir side  Scripps Ranch Boulevard driving toward  I-15.
Pothole on westbound Universy Ave just east   intersection  41st and Universy, across from church at 4110 Universy Ave.
west on Clairemont mesa blvd #2 lane
Pothole on westbound El Cajon Blvd in  right lane in front  4802 El Cajon Blvd
on west bound clairement, left turn lane onto La Cuenta southbound
west bound Clairemont mesa #1 lane
There are three large potholes at  intersection immediately before  stop sign on 72nd Street at Mohawk, facing north. One pothole is part   manhole.
west bound Clairemont mesa #2 lane  3 pot hole  in about a distance  100 yards

Pothole in north crosswalk
west bound Clairemont before driveway to vons in #1 lane
westbound Clairemont mesa #1 lane re are 9 (nine)  large potholes whin a distance  200 yards
Multiple potholes in  right and left lanes  southbound Genesee Ave BEFORE and AFTER intersection wh Boyd.  Also large pothole in right lane  Genesee near intersection wh Genesee Court.
This is so horrible! Fix 
Pothole in North Park right as you're exing  805 South ramp at Adams Ave and try to turn right at  stop sign located at  end   framp.
Two potholes on Sunset Cliffs Blvd southbound near intersection  Brighton and also potholes at intersection  Santa Monica Ave
There are approximately 10 large potholes on Camino Del Norte between I-15 and Bernardo Center Drive.  Both sides   road.  thanks!
Pothole on northbound Texas in right lane near intersection  Camino Del Rio South.
There is a pothole at  light  USD entrance.
Pothole in northbound Mission Gorge in right lane near  curb in front  5821 Mission Gorge.
large pothole westbound carmel mtn rd just before stoney peak
Pothole on westbound Grand Ave right lane in front  1965 Grand Ave.
Large and deep pothole at intersection  ash and 8th also a very large and deep pothole at intersection  ash and 7th, both in #3 lane (north side)
Pot hole on waring road at  juntion  abobe falls road . Pot hole is on waring road that was resurfaced about 5 weeks ago. Great way to waste tax payers money.
Deep valley/ sink hole in  road wh high lips on each end   valley making cars bottom out and cause damage to ir car.Personal Experience:Traveling East on Carmel Valley Road, just passing through  Black Mountain Rd. Intersection at  speed lim. Went to change lanes to  far left lane, while making  change I h  pothole/valley/sink hole in  road. This caused my car to severely bottom out and crack my oil pan from  shock   impact. Repair bills will be in  hundreds  dollars because   massive valley in  intersection.This is a safety issue and I was lucky enough to not lose control  my car. I recommend  be fixed ASAP before more damage is done to or people's cars or worse. Pothole/ Valley/ Sink hole is even visible utilizing Google Street View. Please advise.
Deep valley/ sink hole in  road wh high lips on each end   valley making cars bottom out and cause damage to ir car.Personal Experience:Traveling East on Carmel Valley Road, just passing through  Black Mountain Rd. Intersection at  speed lim. Went to change lanes to  far left lane, while making  change I h  pothole/valley/sink hole in  road. This caused my car to severely bottom out and crack my oil pan from  shock   impact. Repair bills will be in  hundreds  dollars because   massive valley in  intersection.This is a safety issue and I was lucky enough to not lose control  my car. I recommend  be fixed ASAP before more damage is done to or people's cars or worse. Pothole/ Valley/ Sink hole is even visible utilizing Google Street View. Please advise.
Pothole in  middle lane on  north side  intersection.
BIG Pothole on southbound Euclid Ave at  corner  Euclid and El Cajon Blvd on  north side   intersection where you'd stop for  stop light.
Pothole in right lane  Nimz Blvd at intersection  Nimz and W Point Loma Blvd.
The right hand lane from  intersection  A Street to  freeway on ramp has several potholes/uneven pavement areas. Cars ten drive in  middle lane and wa until  solid whe line to merge to  right to enter  freeway on ramp to avoid  bumps in  roadway.
Tons  potholes in  left lane after exing  163 on genesee west
NORTH BOUND ON CONVOY JUST BEFORE ENGINEER RD.  VERY LARGE POTHOLE
All  Chateau Dr. from Genesee Ave. to Mt. Abernathy Ave. is full  potholes.  People are driving on  wrong side   road and whatever  takes to avoid  potholes.  Please help us.
Deep pot hole in middle  road.
Pot holes up and down  street from Genesee to mt Abernathy
Pothole going north on  moraga
POTHOLES FROM 10200 Clairemont Mesa Blvd from  intersection wh Antigua east to  Rec. Center. (11220 Clairemont Mesa Blvd )
There are half a dozen huge pot holes surrounded by half a dozen small potholes.  Then multiple more going both directions closer to Linda vista road.
POTHOLES IN ALLEY CREATED A LOT OF DAMAGE TO CAR
About 10 big potholes between  freeway f ramp and Linda Vista Road.  Very treacherous and dangerous.  Big potholes on both side  Genesee that need immediate attention.
Massive tire eating potholes in westbound lane.
Multiple potholes on High Bluff Drive between Long Run and Del Mar Heights Rd.
Pot holes from on Capricorn from Brookes to Ganesta
Huge pothole from left turning lane f Clairemont Mesa Blvd going left onto Doliva.
Two potholes
Huge potholes in middle  intersection  Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Convoy St.
Large pothole in right lane going south on park blvd.
Westbound right lane huge pothole
Very deep and dangerous pothole to pedestrians in walking path
Several large potholes in  #2 Nbound Lane
Deep sudden pothole. Very rough cracking and damaged road heading north right past  traffic light at mrlrose drive and north Santa Fe Ave. terrible for vehicle tires and  ppl suddenly swerving to avoid . Very hard to avoid at night
There's many potholes on Birch St and  surrounding streets.
This stretch  road has been severely damaged by utily work and lack  repair; re are stretches in  block where nearly an entire lane  width is loose gravel like a dirt road.
The stretch  Menkar Road between Alkaid Dr. and Acquarius is in very bad shape. Recent work on gas lines, combined wh years  neglect and or utily work (including laying fiber optic for ATT a decade ago), leave  stretch  road in very bad shape.
Many deep pot holes north bound on fairmount.
Right before  overpass.

Tire damaging pot hole  2 ft wide on grand before you reach culver.
Big
This is a significantly large pothole in front   Ocean Beach Library.  is approximately 3 feet long, 1 foot wide and 3 inches deep.  This is right next to a pothole that was repaired a few weeks ago. This is a highly traveled thoroughfare!
Pothole
Pothole/dip on west bound side   street. Entire street is cracked and will eventually need to be repaved.
On 1/24/2017I reported potholes on Morningside St. San Diego, 92139.Report #00139289, I want to clarify that  is from  2800 hundred block  Morningside St (not  2700 hundred) all  way to 2900 block  Morningside St.
Pothole in left turn lane, south bound.
Pothole in left turn lane.
Large pothole in  westbound #1 lane  6000 Navajo Rd. as you enter  left turn lane for Camino Rico
The lengths  Roselle St (between Sorrento Valley Blvd and Dunhill st.) and Dunhill St. between Roselle St and Tower Rd. have been repeatedly dug up for utily work whout road repair afterward, routinely continue to flood in  spring rains (for as long as I've lived here - since 1990), and are seeing in  past few years heavy use from shuttles and buses that move passengers between  Coaster station and Torrey Pines Mesa which are degrading  roads even faster.
Multiple potholes on kettner due to rain.
Several large potholes in southbound lanes between Del Sol Blvd and 905
Two large potholes in southbound lanes

Several potholes in southbound lanes between Foothill and Beyer
3 potholes, 5-6' apart at Kelowna Rd and Capricorn Way
Large pothole
pothole
Pothole on  intersection  Ruffin Road and Kearny Villa Road
LARGE POTHOLE, JUST BEFORE I-8, N/B, CAUSED FLAT TIRE
There are very serious potholes on  street. There are at least 10 and some are deeper than 8 inches. All   potholes are on Camino Ruiz and y start from New Salem all  way down to Zapata. The pothole that is at New Salem is right when you turn right on to Camino Ruiz. The pothole re is significant, probably more than 8 inches deep and s right where cars turn so every car that enters Camino Ruiz from that street has to deal wh that pothole.  sounds like  car is shattering because s such a deep hole. There are also several potholes right next to each or as you head north to Camino Ruiz.
Multiple potholes on Genesee between Linda Vista Road and 163, both directions.
There are 12-15 large potholes on  stretch  Genessee.
Two large potholes as you turn right up  hill.
POTHOLE, DAMAGED TIRE
Hi I had reported earlier concerning my street I measured  pothole that's in front  my house 3319 54th Street 's 28 by 27 by 5 inches 's rar big also  one that is directly in front  my driveway is 36 by 12 by 3 inches deep if you could please have someone come out and look at  street  is worn like  all  way up and down going toward Redwood I'm going to send a couple more pictures thank you for all your help concerning 
pothole
POT HOLE WESTBOUND GOVERNOR AT STETSON
There are some major issues wh road condions on Monument Road in South San Diego.On December 20, 2016,  I was driving Westbound on Monument Road when I approached  area. Wh  road being a single lane each direction, I was unable to avoid  pothole. Luckily I was not injured but  impact resulted in a popped tire and cracked rim. I was able to take my car to get fixed  following day at Courtney Tire in Chula Vista.  The total cost was $218.87. The timing   accident could not have been any worse wh Christmas approaching. Although  total amount was not a lot,  set me back que a b financially. I am asking for  cy to please fix  road and reimburse me for  damage to my vehicle. If you have any furr questions please call me at 619-646-0628 or emailMe at smhbriana28@gmail.com.Thank you! I took
Large potholes along  entire stretch  Poway Road, in both eastbound and westbound directions, from I-15 to  San Diego/Poway Cy lim.
Pothole
On 1/25/17 I ran over two potholes heading East on  9500 block  Mira Mesa Blvd. right after  intersection  9500 Mira Mesa Blvd. and Westview Parkway.  This caused both  my left side tires to blowout, almost causing an accident had I not gained control  . Both my left driver side and passenger side tires completely blew. I had to be towed to Discount Tire Store in Poway and pay to have two new tires installed.  The tires that blew out weren't but 6 months old. I paid $171.86 for se two new tires and am seeking reimbursement for damage obtained due to se two potholes.  These potholes must be filled/repaired ASAP, orwise re could be anor accident/major damage done to ors.
East   15 Freeway from Carmel Mountain Road to Pomerado
On 1/25/17 I ran over two potholes heading East on  9500 block  Mira Mesa Blvd. right after  intersection  9500 Mira Mesa Blvd. and Westview Parkway.  This caused both  my left side tires to blowout, almost causing an accident had I not gained control  . Both my left driver side and passenger side tires completely blew. I had to be towed to Discount Tire Store in Poway and pay to have two new tires installed.  The tires that blew out weren't but 6 months old. I paid $171.86 for se two new tires and am seeking reimbursement for damage obtained due to se two potholes.  These potholes must be filled/repaired ASAP, orwise re could be anor accident/major damage done to ors.
On 1/25/17 I ran over two potholes heading East on  9500 block  Mira Mesa Blvd. right after  intersection  9500 Mira Mesa Blvd. and Westview Parkway.  This caused both  my left side tires to blowout, almost causing an accident had I not gained control  . Both my left driver side and passenger side tires completely blew. I had to be towed to Discount Tire Store in Poway and pay to have two new tires installed.  The tires that blew out weren't but 6 months old. I paid $171.86 for se two new tires and am seeking reimbursement for damage obtained due to se two potholes.  These potholes must be filled/repaired ASAP, orwise re could be anor accident/major damage done to ors.
On 1/25/17 I ran over two potholes heading East on  9500 block  Mira Mesa Blvd. right after  intersection  9500 Mira Mesa Blvd. and Westview Parkway.  This caused both  my left side tires to blowout, almost causing an accident had I not gained control  . Both my left driver side and passenger side tires completely blew. I had to be towed to Discount Tire Store in Poway and pay to have two new tires installed.  The tires that blew out weren't but 6 months old. I paid $171.86 for se two new tires and am seeking reimbursement for damage obtained due to se two potholes.  These potholes must be filled/repaired ASAP, orwise re could be anor accident/major damage done to ors.
On 1/25/17 I ran over two potholes heading East on  9500 block  Mira Mesa Blvd. right after  intersection  9500 Mira Mesa Blvd. and Westview Parkway.  This caused both  my left side tires to blowout, almost causing an accident had I not gained control  . Both my left driver side and passenger side tires completely blew. I had to be towed to Discount Tire Store in Poway and pay to have two new tires installed.  The tires that blew out weren't but 6 months old. I paid $171.86 for se two new tires and am seeking reimbursement for damage obtained due to se two potholes.  These potholes must be filled/repaired ASAP, orwise re could be anor accident/major damage done to ors.
Hi  is anor picture  my neighbor's pothole that's in front  her house on  curb.  Eastern Frontage Road 54th has been resurfaced and  surrounding streets behind us have been resurfaced so I have lived here 29 years at  address and my street is so badly worn so please please someone look at our street  thank you for any help you can give
On 1/25/17 I ran over two potholes heading East on  9500 block  Mira Mesa Blvd. right after  intersection  9500 Mira Mesa Blvd. and Westview Parkway.  This caused both  my left side tires to blowout, almost causing an accident had I not gained control  . Both my left driver side and passenger side tires completely blew. I had to be towed to Discount Tire Store in Poway and pay to have two new tires installed.  The tires that blew out weren't but 6 months old. I paid $171.86 for se two new tires and am seeking reimbursement for damage obtained due to se two potholes.  These potholes must be filled/repaired ASAP, orwise re could be anor accident/major damage done to ors.
On 1/25/17 I ran over two potholes heading East on  9500 block  Mira Mesa Blvd. right after  intersection  9500 Mira Mesa Blvd. and Westview Parkway.  This caused both  my left side tires to blowout, almost causing an accident had I not gained control  . Both my left driver side and passenger side tires completely blew. I had to be towed to Discount Tire Store in Poway and pay to have two new tires installed.  The tires that blew out weren't but 6 months old. I paid $171.86 for se two new tires and am seeking reimbursement for damage obtained due to se two potholes.  These potholes must be filled/repaired ASAP, orwise re could be anor accident/major damage done to ors.
On 1/25/17 I ran over two potholes heading East on  9500 block  Mira Mesa Blvd. right after  intersection  9500 Mira Mesa Blvd. and Westview Parkway.  This caused both  my left side tires to blowout, almost causing an accident had I not gained control  . Both my left driver side and passenger side tires completely blew. I had to be towed to Discount Tire Store in Poway and pay to have two new tires installed.  The tires that blew out weren't but 6 months old. I paid $171.86 for se two new tires and am seeking reimbursement for damage obtained due to se two potholes.  These potholes must be filled/repaired ASAP, orwise re could be anor accident/major damage done to ors.
Alley potholes
BIG pothole in  right lane going west on El Cajon
LARGE POTHOLE
East   15 Freeway from Carmel Mountain Road to Pomerado
Pothole middle  street
Pothole
This at least  second flat tire  week from  potholes at Balboa and Clairemont dr.
The very large pothole has returned. we request  to be repairer every 30-60 days.
Ted Williams East bound #1 Lane has a pothole that takes up 1/2  lane.   Very dangerous.
South bound Rancho Carmel Dr.  Has several potholes between Shoal Creek and  onramp to 56.   is tearing up  suspension on both my 4runner and 911 turbo.
Potholes everywhere on both lanes. Off  5 north on pacific highway
several potholes
potholes on clairemont mesa blvd from Santo to highway 15 going west. There are also bad potholes in that same stretch going east.Thank you!
SEVERAL POTHOLES ON STREET
South bound Claremont Dr Turning right onto West bound Balboa.Pot hole near dip on above corner
Several potholes going east and west from 2300 Genesee Ave to 2600 Genessee Ave San Diego, CA 92111, USA
Both sides   street between San Andreas and Flower Hill Mall have small to medium size separations in  pavement
large pothole infront  address
Pothole in  left lane turning onto convoy
South bound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd, turning right to West bound Luna Ave a large pot has developed by curb.
Multiple huge potholes on genesee west from 163
Numerous potholes east and west bound lanes 6900-7300 Linda Vista Rd, San Diego, CA 92111
two potholes on northside  del mar heights at durango
After exing HWY 52 f ramp and turning right on South bound Clairemont Mesa Blvd, a pot hole a short distance South on Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
All along Genesee Ave from  163 freeway to Linda Vista re are potholes that are large enough to damage car tires and rims. The entire road between  intersection  Linda Vista & Genessee to  162 freeway in both directions needs to be repaved as  potholes and ripples in  roadway just get worse every time a pothole is fixed. This last rain opened all previous repair jobs up.
South bound on Morena Blvd starting at Buenos Ave and continuing to Cushmannumerous potholes in  driving lane.  Maybe as many as 10.
6192526877
New pothole from recent storms.  is in  #1 Lane about halfway between  street lights. Westbound side  Mira mesa Blvd
South East bound on Gilman Dr. starting at Via Alicante, several potholes have developed from settling in square inspection holes along Gilman Dr.
Cluster  potholes, northbound, rightmost lane.
E/B CLAIREMONT JUST PAST SANTO RD, LARGE POTHOLE, SOMEONE PUT 15 BRICKS INSIDE OF IT CAUSING BRICKS TO CRUMBLE AND PIECES TO STRIKE CARS.
Large deep pothole, at Regents Road and Lunas. North West corner.
6192526877
LARGE POTHOLES, LADY FELL.
Many potholes right before  entrance to  Interstate 8 (both east and west, but predominantly on  west entrance's side).
LARGE POTHOLE

VERY LARGE POTHOLE NEXT TO ISLAND
Massive potholes, half  lane wide in some areas, already paid over $2000 in damages to my vehicle in November and nothing has been fixed on se roads!
Deep potholes damaging tires & suspension
On  Northbound portion  Fairmont before  8 Freeway on ramp re are a number  very large pots holes. Deep enough for my car to take a big h.
All along Chateau Drive between Genesee and Mt. Abernathy re are numerous very large potholes.  seems  most effective solution would be to repave  whole street.
There are 4 pot holes in a row on southbound El Camino Real. Please fix se! I drive on  street everyday and se holes are unavoidable. I feel like my car is going to get damaged every time.
There is a big round pothole on  right lane heading East on El Cajon Blvd, at  intersection  El Cajon and Illinois. There is anor one as wellon El Cajon, same lane but a few yards back before  intersection.

Big hole w more starting nearby.
Large deep pothole #1 N/B lane  is  3rd request submted in 2 months
Headed east from camino ruiz on Capricorn Way, huge pothole causing car damage
Rancho Bernardo Rd westbound from Pomerado is riddled wh potholes; 's been that way for months, but now much worse because   rain.
large pothole in  middle   intersection  Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Shawline StIn general, re are potholes everywhere in Kearny Mesa area
Several potholes in  immediate area.  DEEP ones!!
2 foot long 1 foot wide and 1 foot deep pothole at  corner  San Ramon and Gold Coast as you enter Gold Coat heading east. Actually all  Gold Coast is an embarrassing mess  cy should be ashamed .
Pot holes on entire street near Midway/Sports Arena to Ocean Beach.
There are several potholes on westbound side  Camino Del Norte right lane near Paseo Montanoso continuing west.
HUGE pothole in center  R lane.  Cannot avoid especially if buses park along  R side.

1' x 1' pothole in right lane in intersection.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
SEVERAL POTHOLES ALONG 8200 SAN VICENTE ST
large pothole north bound #2 lane   kearny villa
Pothole
Big pot hole in  lane driving away from  post fice towards Twin Trails.
 least 1 foot deep
large pothole, east bound lanes, left lane 100 yards before shoal creek drive
Pot hole in front  food 4 less
POTHOLES IN BOTH DIRECTIONS
POTHOLE
Lots  potholes between Tierrasanta boulevard and clairemont mesa boulevard.
terrible pothole
Large pothole; will likely cause tire damage
The are multiple large potholes on Genesse west  163, going in both directions
There's a hole 3 feet X 3 feet deep 4 inches y fixed but now came out again please send  right people to fix  pass through every single day please fixed
Pothole
Pothold about 4" deep,  size  a basketball on Wing St. right turn lane to Midway Dr.
Potholes
Three large potholes in  right lane facing west; could cause damage
On Grand Ave. going west.  Two potholes close toger both about  side  footballs, about 3"s deep.
This pothole showed up during  rains and appears to be "leaking" water. The street is dry except for water flowing from  pothole.
Going toward Pacific Highway, north.  Slow lane.  Size  a football.  About 3" deep.  ps I am doing  reporting  significant potholes because I am an Uber Eats driver and y're bad for everyone, which we know.  I report  ones that are  biggest and get  most traffic.
Slow lane on Pacific Highway.  Slow lane.  2 potholes next to each or.  About  size  volleyballs, about 3"s deep.
There are various amounts  pot holes in  right lane, after exing  163 north. The pot holes are also very deep throughout  lane.
Actually on Madison Ave, at  intersection  Ohio and Madison. Volleyball size hole, about 3"s deep.
Across  street from 7061 Clairemont Mesa Blvd.  Slow lane, just west   Chevron station.  Just before 805 south ex.  Volleyball size.  About 3" deep.
Worst   bunch because y are about 4 or 5 potholes ranging from football to basketball sized all about 3" deep but 's impossible to drive in  fast lane whout driving over 1 or more  m.  On Convoy St. just as you are driving east on Clairmont Mesa Blvd, in that intersection maybe a b onto CMB.
Pot hole repaired but a chunk has already broken out  .
 looks like  rain caused a few major potholes on 1st Ave from Laurel St to Maple St. Probably doesn't help that re is a bus stop at Laurel wh no concrete bus pad.
On Friars Rd going east just before left turn lane onto Riverdale St. About size  a basketball, about 3" deep.
Deep pot hole in Gold Coast Drive and San Ramon Intersection in Mira Mesa, causing several flat tires.
Multiple....I MEAN MULTIPLE....potholes, and MAJOR cracks all down  street.  This is ONE OF THE WORST in  area.  Southbound Rancho Carmel Drive...from Carmel Mt Rd all  way to  56 West on-ramp.
North side   street, Universy Ave.  About 3" deep,  size  a long watermelon.
Universy Ave. going west.  Watermelon size, about 3" deep.
Pot-holes along Rancho Penasquos Blvd, large one eastbound, under  bridge between Carmel Mt Rd and Calle de Las Rosas.
Carmel Mountain Road between Rancho Carmel Drive and Camino Del Norte#3 lane - just before  2 left turn lanes for Camino Del NorteHUGE!
Huge square pothole in  intersection  Kearny villa Rd and Ruffin rd, where  back up to 52 east is ridiculous.
Universy Ave., slow lane just past Florida St.  Across  street from 2002.  About 4" deep.  Shape  a crooked long watermelon.
HUGE deep pothole, and anor next to  right in  turn lane onto LJ Village Drive. Have seen flat tires after falling into  larger one.  Cannot avoid whout veering into lane to  left, affecting traffic
VERY deep pothole, South bound right lane regents road.
huge potholes here along RB road, tires will be ruined!!!!
I got f  163 at Genesee West and that stretch  road between Cardinal and Linda Vista Rd had so many deep potholes that I couldn't avoid all  m.  Please repair
Rosecrans St. just past, north  3663 Rosecrans St., middle lane.  Very near  intersection wh Sports Arena Blvd.  3 potholes  size  volleyballs, about 3" deep each, next to each or.
3 massive deep potholes
on Quaalcom Way and Camino del rio N intersection.  slow lane, goes to 5" deep like a funnel, round and as big as a basketball.
The corner  Rancho Bernardo Rd and Meandro Drive. The pothole is growing. There are also numerous potholes on Rancho Bernardo Rd between Pomerado and West to th 15 freeway!
You have a dozen LARGE POTHOLES in one section   street. This will be a sinkhole if someone doesn't get out re ASAP and patch se.
Kearny mesa road towards convoy mostly left lane all over
Parking lot has pothole along bottom  parking structure.
pothole in middle  street
Awful potholes on street, especially toward yield sign onto Voltaire St. in Point Loma.
Multiple dangerous potholes on Genesee east  163.
Multiple dangerous potholes on Genesee west  163
Giant dangerous pothole on westbound Navajo Road under 125 overpass. Been re for more than 6 months. No room to maneuver around during rush hour. Very dangerous and damaging to vehicles
Northbound Mercury between Mercedes Benz San Diego and Ronson Road, multible large potholes appearing after recent storms.
Multiple potholes in  street. One large one in  middle   street.
One  MANY on Euclid Ave between Division and Market. This is at Logan and Euclid
Multiple, enormous potholes that could ruin a vehicle at  intersection  Genesee and Linda Vista. All lanes, all directions, though mostly on Genesee. Needs attention asap! 's getting dangerous to drive through that stretch eir direction.
Hole deep enough that  bent my rim in  left lane   framp right before your start heading up  ramp.
Potholes on  street need to be fixed please
There is 2 block stretch on  road that has about  20 pot holes.    goes from  7300 block   7500 block on both sides   road.Thank you !
Please repave  entire length.  This rainy season has caused  entire street to develop BAD potholes.
8 major potholes 4 to 6 inches deep (maybe even deeper) between Orfila Winery and Cloverdale. Worst two potholes are in front  Wilken's Nursery at 20818 San Pasqual Road. These two are likely  deepest, but  ors are pretty severe. Large big rig trucks drive fast on  road over  double yellow line. They force cars f   road all   time. Wnessed a near miss accident. Please do something about all   potholes on  road. Some   edges   road have also deteriorated as a result   recent rain. Please do something before someone gets hurt!
Pothole, on Gold Coast Drive at San Ramon SE corner, eastbound.Thank you.
Pothole on Gold Coast Drive at Drumcliff Ave eastbound.Thank you.
There is a huge pothole as you ex 805 south for Adams Ave. The ex brings you to a stop sign, as you turning right on to Ohio Street at Madison. Thank you !
Kleefeld has dozens  really big potholes.  The one at  corner  Tecumseh Way and Kleefled is HUGE and very dangerous.
MULTIPLE, BIG , JARRING,DAMAGING potholes on El Camino Real from Half Mile Drive in  north to Valley Center Dr on  south in Carmel Valley, 92130.Also same condion on Del Mar Heights Rd from  5 freeway on  west, to Carmel country Rd on  east.
There is a deep pothole (more than a tire deep) on  corner  Gold Coast and San Ramon, right near  elementary school.
Left turn lane
TRAVELING EAST BOUND BETWEEN 52W AND 52W OFF RAMP. POTHOLE CAUSED ACCIDENT.
TWO POTHOLES IN INTERSECTION
ENTIRE STREET FULL OF POTHOLES
Lots  potholes on Gold Coast between Black Mountain Road and Westinghill
Multiple potholes just before  8 on ramp.  The cy keeps filling m but every time we have inclement wear y are back. Is re anyway to resurface that part   road
Numerous large potholes in both directions.
Potholes
Two potholes, middle  intersection, Erie and Edison
Deep, deep pot hole
The entire alley is full  se large sized potholes.
Many potholes
Large pothole
This is  biggest place, along wh 3 ors on Del Diablo and Andorra Way, all  way to Madrigal Street intersection. All four spots have been patched recently, but  recent rains destroyed all  repairs.
i gave a report yesterday  wrong spot. i drove re myself again. i h a big hole  i saw aplate had moved as i drove by i h so hard  my rim is bent  on my truck  and  tire is flat
Extremely dangerous and deep, size  a tire, tight in front  elementary school cross walk. Just north   intersection.
Large pothole on Sola - on SD/LM border
There is an enormous pothole on Euclid Ave North Bound from Imperial Ave just before Hilltop Dr.  was left behind from construction work  cy did a few nights ago.
Large cluster  potholes, right lane.
Large deep pothole on Mira Mesa Blvd in front  Mira Mesa High School (North side)
Pothole going west on CM Blvd blew my tire today at 4:15P.M.
Pothole near  curb at  corner  Camino Santa Fe and Carroll Rd.  (Northwest corner)
Potholes in East bound Mira Mesa Blvd right after going through light at Westview Parkway.
Potholes up and down Camino Ruiz
3 deep holes about 2 feet wide on eir side  Genesee
Pothole in front   address...all along Palm Ave.
Deep pothole located down  hill on balboa avenue.
Potholes and ruts in  right lane
North bound On ramp is full  multiple small pot holes in  right hand lane
HUGE potholes on Clairemont Mesa in Tierrasanta. I got a flat tire. And n anor one. LITERALLY!
Many potholes and torn up road in Rancho Carmel Dr. Semi trucks constantly disregard  rule and use  road to cut through to  freeway. Years  wear and tear and rains have just eaten up  street.
Pothole  note in  right lane.
All  Gold Coast from Blackmountian to Westonhill is severely dotted wh potholes. Think  whole street needs replaced!
Very bumpy road
ABOUT 3 FEET DIAMETER..........2 POTHOLES
There are several deep potholes on Parkdale Avenue between Gold Coast Drive and Port Royale.  They are on both sides   street and are very hard to avoid because   parked cars on  side.
There is a very deep large pothole on Parkdale Avenue between Jade Coast Road and Northrup Drive.  If traveling down Parkdale towards Northrup Drive,  is on  left side   street.
Multiple potholes on westbound balboa at clairmont mesa drive.
On southbound Paseo Lucido, in front  Rancho Bernardo High School, re is a large pothole in  left lane.
On southbound Paseo Lucido, just south on Bernardo Heights Pkwy, re is a large pothole in  left lane.
at intersection  Rancho Carmel Dr. and Carmel Mountain Rd, pothole in right lane on Rancho Carmel Dr.
There are so many potholes!!!! The issue?! I will end up getting a flat tire.
Large Pothole
HUGE POTHOLE, 18" CIRCLE, 10' DEEP!!Southbound Park @ Universy Ave
Huge pothole stretches across  West bound lane
Eastbound side  Convoy Ct between Hickman Field and Shawline Streets, a large pothole approximately midblock.
Westbound: Large pavement damage in bike lane forcing bike riders into car lanes; also needs streetsweeping due to debris from pothole. 4 potholes in #2 car lane.
Westbound: #2 lane has large pothole from previous pothole fix that came apart directly in front  bus stop
Patch for utily under-grounding project for Water pipes has become separated from main road. Patch is 18" x 36" and is being supported from underneath but not on sides.
Multiple potholes on  street
Potholr
Long deep pot hole.  And re's a good size one just before  to.
s basically f roading at  point. Big deep potholes that everyone swears around.
Large pot hole next to larger pot
Pothole located at Camino Santa Fe and Carroll Road. The pothole is in  #1 lane going southbound.
Pothole on  westbound side near intersection  Governor Dr. And Stadium.
Potholes on  southbound side on Camino Santa Fe just before Stadium.
Potholes and cracks on Miramar Road right before Miramar Mall on  westbound side.
Going south on Executive Way, right lane, approaching  corner  La Jolla Village Drive -- in  right lane, next to and along  gutter has several potholes.
A series  potholes (10 ish) on La Jolla Shores Dr , between Torrey Pines Rd and El Paseo Grande, distributed along  road, mostly on  South Direction (downhill). I located  arrow on one  m.
Couple potholes. Thanks.
Several potholes on westbound Pomerado Road approximately 1000 feet from  Chabad center intersection
About two dozen large potholes on westbound Pomerado. Road beginning I thousand feet east  Scripps Ranch Boulevard heading west to Willow Center, Road.
Potholes, rough street, floods
About 20 potholes on northbound Pacific Highway adjacent to  old town trolley station parking lot.
Two good sized potholes in rightmost eastbound lanes  Mira Mesa blvd before Reagan Rd.
multiple potholes just past genesee heading east bound on linda vista rd. `s like and obstacle course
re are still multiple potholes in  or lane in various places heading south east on genesee from Mt Alifan towards Marlesta
Left lane going down hill n intersection at denver
Clairemont Mesa Blvd in Tierrasanta 92124 has many pot holes along  entire street. Both sides   street have major holes up to 1' deep. This stretch  street goes from I-15 all  way east to  end   street at Mission Trails Regional Park.
Massive pothole at 7th and Ash. Cars swerving to avoid.
Major potholes and street degradation on Santo Road leading to  52 freeway. Both sides   street are in need  patching and complete resurfacing. The intersection  Santo and Portobello is especially bad.
Potholes
Potholes on Carroll Rd between Kenamar & Trade St
Rancho Carmel is in desperate need  repairs!! When are you re-paving  road??!! I have been sending pics for years and I'm tired  tripping in potholes and hting m in my cars!! This is ridiculous!!





Clairemont Mesa blvd west  santo road, left lane westbound

14 deep, wide, and difficult/impossible to drive around potholes on westbound Genessee between 163 and Linda Vista. Lots  interstial damage too, and last road work left ridges and humps in turn lanes.
plates, poor uneven road
Multiple potholes and cracks in asphalt on both sides   street in front  Fire Station 17. This is my third request to have se potholes and cracks filled or re-asphalt  entire cul de sac. The wear and tear on  suspension and tires   fire engine is a direct result   condion   street in front   station. Please repair ASAP!
Multiple potholes need filling and asphalt is degraded in cul de sac. Third request. Please repair ADAP!
Clairemont Mesa Blvd going East from  163 freeway has very large and deep potholes that need to be addressed.  I about injured myself driving while passing through that area.

Many huge potholes on Parkdale Ave. from Mira Mesa Blvd. to Northrop Dr.
Many huge potholes on Gold Coast Drive.  Becoming more and more difficult to avoid m all.
EAST BOUND MIRA MESA BL, E/O WESTVIEW PKWY, IN RIGHT LANE TO NORTH BOUND I-15, LARGE POT HOLE. IMMEDIATE TIRE DAMAGE/FLAT TIRE.HOW DO I FILE A DAMAGE CLAIM WITH THE CITY?
There is multiple large potholes in  street that should be addressed asap. Thank you in advance for your help and attention
Pothole
HUGE POTHOLES
Numerous potholes, approx 12 inches wide
Large potholes
Large 1' x 2' pothole in  eastbound lanes  Friars Road, just before (west ) Riverdale St.
Pothole in  eastbound lane  Madison Avenue, just before (west ) Kansas St.
Enormous pothole on north west corner.
Large pothole in  alley.
Large pothole in  crosswalk at grape and North Harbor Drive  southbound Lanes  North Harbor Drive
Large potholes just east   former commuter terminal
Big pothole evidencing contractor FRAUD
Huge potholes right before getting on  freeway. Blew my tire out!
Pothole, west bound, left lane.
Pothole
LARGE POTHOLE INFRONT OF ADDRESS
Large, deep pothole in left  10th at B. Causing cars to veer right into  middle lane to get around .
Potholes
To whom  may concern,Can you please fix deep pot hole for us? The location is on  carmel mountain rd,  west bound lanes about 200 ft west  I-15 over pass.Thank you
Potholes
large pothole at intersection  broadway and madera
Pothole
Massive pothole
Left lane by communy center
HUGE potholes in  middle   intersection!
POTHOLE RIGHT BEFORE I-5
Several potholes especially if turning north onto Camino Ruiz from Arjons.
Pothole
Road hole
Pothole
This is not a request but a thank you from my address. The team is out repairing our potholes right now. Pretty good response considering all  rain we have had.Keep up  good work and our THANK YOU to  street division team.Rod Moore
A number  deep potholes heading south just past signal.
Deep pothole along street edge. Causes flooding  adjacent sidewalk and business entrances.
The stretch  street between Pomerado Road and I-15 on Rancho Bernardo Road is full  now dangerous potholes. The rains made m even worse. We need to swerve f  lane in many places to keep our car from getting damaged. Please inspect and repair  stretch  road ASAP.
Picking up my children from Nye Elementary on Tuesday, 24 January 2017 at approximately 4:00pm,  and coming down DivisionStreet, I h a pothole.  Since  incident my car has been shaking and rattling.  I dropped  car f today, 27 January 2017 at  Autoport on 32nd Street Naval Base To Get  Diagnosed.
The alley behind 4153 Idaho has lerally dozens, if not hundreds  potholes. I think   is time for a repaving!!!! Please help out as , us residence pride ourselves on  value   neighborhood!
Deep potholes damaged my car
Huge potholes in  alley between Conrad and Clairemont Mesa Blvd, corner wh Dubois Dr.
There are que a few large potholes that have developed during  previous rainstorms. They have a become a rar large safety hazard. The sooner se are taken care   better f our residents  Bay Park will be. Thanks!
Bad potholes all over street
Photos in follow up to report no 00140462
2 large potholes when you turn left from Voltaire onto Famosa Blvd
Multiple potholes



Deep pot hole bottoming out cars.
There are huge potholes leading into our business located at 981 Herage Road. To  left corner  our business,  potholes have merged into a giant hole that causes rain water to puddle out and re ends up being a pond  water that poses a safety issue.
West bound
Very large pothole
Large pothole
There's a large pothole in  westbound lane  Mira Mesa blvd in  intersection Camino Santa Fe and Mira Mesa blvd.
Potholes
many potholes northbound between hydra lane and Capricorn way
Corner  Santo Rd & Clairemont Mess huge pothole approx 36" x 24" x 6" deep.   intersection & left turn lane.
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
pothole before freeway
Pothole
On New Salem st, re's a pothole that keeps opening up, plus pavement erosion, due to a water leak. This has been ongoing for many months and has gotten much worse during  rainy season. There are always large puddles and potholes in  spot, plus running water from a leak somewhere.
Please repair for sefety.
Pothole
Right turning lane from Carmel Valley Road to El Camino Real
Far right turning lane from Carmel Valley Road left onto El Camino Real
Multiple potholes on Clairemont Mesa between Antigua & Santo Rd. Large and deep potholes in east bound lane. Vehicles must  swerve to miss holes. These are wheel breaker size.
Pothole is in  number one westbound lane east  Santo Road.
Genesee and  Richland
Whney & Genesee
Genesse
Acworth ave
Large pothole
pot holes from Aquarius to MIRA Mesa Blvd
Pothole on westbound Universy Ave in  left lane just before  left turn lane that turns onto Shiloh Rd.
East bound right hand land. Middle between  2 intersections
The potholes on Gold Coast Drive are in abundance and some  m are huge!! There was one near Mason Elementary on Gold Coast going towards Black Mountain Road that looked to be at least a foot deep wh many more being wider but more on  shallow side. Still enough to pop a tire.
DEEP potholes in  intersection  Locust St and Keats.
Pothole
Large pothole in rightmost lane (#3)
Potholes
5-10 potholes!
Bad potholes along southbound Convoy
Boyd
Genessee
Both going west and east on Genesee, between Linda Vista Road and  163 freeway, re are so many potholes that cars veer to  next lane to avoid m.  Going west especially on Genesee before Linda Vista road, in  right lane, re is no way to avoid m.  BOOM!   tears up  suspension and tires.  PLEASE FIX ASAP!  If I had a camera, I'd upload a picture.  There is one area that has been fixed many times, and every rain re are even more and bigger ones.Thanks very much.
Aldine Drive is in bad shape wh one in particular half way down on  south side heading east.  I know you are swamped after  rain, but please remember us!
Many potholes on Poway Road  - from 1-15 ex to Poway
pothole on northbound lane  Ingraham
Road in front  Gage Elementary is horrible--potholes and uneven asphalt.
South bound on Clairemont Dr. starting at  Balboa Ave. intersection,  following potholes exist on Clairemont Dr. at  following address numbers.3870, 3772, 3605Also, South bound Clairemont Dr. between address numbers 3326 thru 3308, is deteriorating and on  verge  becoming one long pothole.  Considering  multiple patches re already, and  broken asphalt,  section should be repaved.
Location: South-East Corner   intersection  La Jolla Scenic Drive North and La Jolla Village Drive.A square hole was left in  street after a repair that was "finished" about a week ago.  The traffic cones marking  repair se were collected whout filling  hole, which appears to be part   repair.  If you plan to do something more wh  square hole (e.g., put some kind  cover on ), traffic cones are still needed to prevent an accident until  hole is covered.  We lost a hub cab by accidentally driving through  hole two days ago.
Convoy
Kearny Mesa rd
Several potholes in WB lane
LARGE POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
Kearny Mesa & Balboa
Very deep and moderately large pothole in SB lane #2

Pothole
Potholes
Multiple potholes in  westbound lanes on Poway Rd.  between  Poway cy line and I-15.
Pothole on  ramp from Westbound Friars Road to Mission Village Drive.
Pothole (s) in street
Large pothole
Large pothole capable  doing damage to left tire
The on ramp to   8 East from Montezuma Rd seems to have some pothole issues. I would like  issue to be resolved.
Multiple potholes in  north and southtbound lanes on Rancho Carmel Rd between Carmel Mtn. Rd. and Ted Williams Pkwy.  Vehicles driving on  section   road swerve all over  place trying to avoid all  potholes creating a high risk for accidents.
Large pothole capable  doing damage to right tire, has been here for at least 6 months, please fix
West bound via de la valle at 5S f ramp
Pothole needs to be repaired
Please just repave all  Avenida Venusto,  whole street is a disgrace and  is  only road. Where are our tax dollars going exactly. Taxes are supposed to be used for roads. Please fix!
2 potholes have formed one deep enough to go up to  rim
Mission center Ct by del taco several serious pot holes
large pothole
Avenida Venusto is starting to see signs  possible large potholes, you can see here that  street has lots  rubble. There are at least 4 serious potholes for about 1 mile  road that needs to be repaired. Please help!!!!
Many potholes outside Salk Elementary
Large potholes
ran through pothole that popped my tire
There are massive potholes in  area that caused me a bent rim, and a flat  or day. I'm sure I'm not  only one who's had  problem wh  potholes in  area.
Tire eating monster in  right lane directly after  intersection traveling north.
Series  large potholes near intersection.
Worst pothole ever. Ruined my car
Multiple potholes
There are several potholes heading west on Camino del Norte. One in particular in  far right lane is very deep and has caused damage to many unsuspecting wheels. Also,  center lane as you approach  light heading west on Cam del Norte and Bernardo Ctr drive has a few deep potholes/cracks as well.
Pothole in WB lanes
There is a deep pothole on  right side   street as you round  corner from Cresta Drive.   is close to  intersection  Rios and Cresta Drive, near Pomerado Road.
Several potholes on W Point Loma.
Pothole
Pothole on  furst right lane   road.
Multiple potholes
Entire street needs to be repaved but especially  intersection multiple potholes
Deep pothole on  furst right lane nearest  intersection.
Pothole
Growing pot hole
pothole
There is HUGE pothole in right hand side  road/lane on Carmel Mountain Road, between 1-15 and Penasquos Drive.   is just before  Hotel.
Middle lane
Potholes...lots all down harbor drive e
Large potholes
Big pot holes terminal 2 entrance
Giant pothole in intersection
Pothole
POTHOLES IN ALLEY
Large pothole on Carmel Mountain Road, heading west.
Pothole
big pot hole in  street
Potholes and cracks
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Cracks and potholes
This pothole is deep! The first time I h  was a rainy ne so  water had filled  up.  knocked  alignment right out  my car. Now I know  is re, but dangerous.  ss on Camino del Norte right lane,  going West, on  corner before you turn right at  Bernardo Ctr light. Jersey Mikes is on  corner.
Pothole
SEVERAL SMALL POTHOLES FROM 163 AND ONE LARGE POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION
Pothole
Pothole
Cracked curb and pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole cracks
Pothole
There is a huge pothole when driving West on Camino Del Norte at  right turn to Bernardo Center Drive near 7/11
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
All over  place
Pothole
Pothole on corner
Porhole
Potholes
Pothole in NB lane
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole in NB lane
Potholes
POTHOLE W/B ON GRAND AVE
Very large pot holes elm street just after  stop sign passing 2nd ave.
Deep dangerous pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Debris in  street. Trash broken glass
Cracks in  street
Cracks in  road everywhere.

Pothole
Pothole
Cracks in  road on turquoise
Debris and dirt in  gutter piling up very high
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
POTHOLE
Big hole heading north on 11th on North edge  C Street
A lot  potholes on midway going up through rosecrans
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes on gutter line
Pothole
Terrible trenching has created potholes
Potholing along trench lines
Potholes, road cracks
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
POTHOLES
Cracks and potholes
Pothole
Westbound Claremont in right lane before mercury intersection
All along Clairemont Mesa Blvd. in Tierrasanta re are very serious potholes.
Large pothole in no. 1 lane
Pothole on gutter line
Big pothole in right turn lane towards Bernardo center drive
Pothole PQ Blvd #1 lane, front  Mobile gas
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
A lot  potholes in  area
Potholes
Pothole
Long pot hole in  south lane  Ulric St. Material from  hole is being tossed into  roadway causing potential safety issues among  hole self. Hole size could be very dangerous to motorcycles and can result in serious injury or death
Potholes and cracks
Potholes
Pothole in  West right lane  Friars Road. Hole is exposing  sensing wires for  traffic lights. Hole is large enough for a motorcycle wheel to drop into and cause serious harm to a rider.
Pothole
LARGE POTHOLE
Very large pothole on  Southbound regents / Clairemont mesa blvd at Luna Ave. This pothole could seriously damage vehicles or injure someone in a small car or motorcycle. Please fix ASAP!!
Pothole
POTHOLES
Pothole
Pothole
All along Navajo red from college ave intersection going toward Jackson dr
Massive pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Very large pothole in intersection  La Jolla Village Drive and Towncenter Drive in Westbound Ln., #1
Pothole
Wheel size pothole big enough to crack an axel.

Pothole

Beginning potholes.


Pothole
Starter potholes
Starter potholes.
POTHOLES BY BUS STOP
Starter potholes
POTHOLES
Starter potholes.
Potholes
2 potholes back to back Jonas Salk elementary.
6 inch deep pothole Jonas Salk elementary school.
 is in  alley behind  duplexes  4590, 4592, 4584 clairemont mesa blvd. The potholes have gotten so bad that s barley drivable.
Potholes and cracks
Pothole
Anor axle breaker pothole front  Jonas Salk elementary school
On  pedestrian crosswalk going northbound on Murray Ridge Rd. Deep pothole right next to  water cao directly on  pedestrian crosswalk.
There was a two potholes on Ara place toward Sagtarius street, I went for a walk @4:30 pm re was a car turn onto ara and I got splashed by  driver . Please fix asap Thanks
More potholes Jonas Salk elementary.
This old Toyota Camry Red wh a half destroyed rear has been at  corner  Murray Ridge Rd wh Pinecrest Ave for 2 weeks. Lic# 3MLF849. Car hasn't been moved and  accident debris is still re by  side   car after all  time
Two potholes
HUGE deep pothole
Deep basketball sized pot hole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes multiple
Pothole
Massive pothole filled wh water
Potholes
Massive pothole
There are numerous potholes along  west-bound stretch  Mira Mesa Blvd between Westonhill and Camino Ruiz. This includes  crosswalk wh Camino Ruiz. The crosswalk has been patched, just not enough. And,  rain has been washing away part   patches.
Potholes
Large pothole 6-8" deep.  1ft x 2ft.  Anor smaller one nearby.
SEVERAL POTHOLES
All  Balboa Avenue going west from Genesee Avenue down is full  massive pot holes
Smaller pothole opening up near Via Aquario on Mt Acadia.
Potholes scattered on  southbound route on sports arena boulevard from Hancock street through rosecrans street blvd
1 foot diameter pothole in  right-hand lane downhill towards Highway 15
Potholed and severely cracked pavement in street at  intersection.
There is a large pot hole in  turning lane from Washington Street to 163.
LARGE POTHOLE RIGHT BEFORE TURNING ONTO 163 RAMP ON WASHINGTON ST
Pothole
Left lane
SB #2 lane, has a horrible pot hole. Will cause damage to vehicles.
Pothole on eastbound Pomerado Road approximately 1000 feet east  Chabad intersection
Very dangerous and big pothole.
Huge pothole and my car went right in . My right tire is damaged.
4 big potholes in a row
This pot hole has been here and getting worse and worser as  days go by especially in  rain, my parents live in a corner and y are always scared anor car racing might h re car y been living re for 15 years and  street has never been repaired by  cy please help us and come out to fix  pot holes
Large pothole on Friars RD in front   Nordstrom at Fashion Valley.
Large pothole, getting larger.
Pothole
Series  large potholes
Huge pothole in middle lane going to miramar
Pot hole
Pot hole making right turn
Giant deep dch

Pot hole

Long rut
Pothole
POTHOLES
Massive pothole in  #1 lane east bound.  Please fix :)
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
On Vista Sorrento Pkwy, between Sorrento Valley Blvd and Lusk Blvd, re are multiple potholes.
potholes
Potholes from Flanders to Northrup
potholes
Pothole on grand going west bound at Shell car wash . also anor west towards Balboa and grand merge
Really bad pothole in  right turning lane  southbound Regent's Rd (at Luna).
Multiple large potholes along length  short street
Huge new pothole in lake Murray and Navajo intersection
Two huge pot holes going east. Pot hole near side walk
All along Camino Del Norte re are potholes.
Huge deep pothole on westbound Balboa
Potholes on southbound balboa and clairemont dr intersection right outside  mechanic shop
Heading North on Mercury rd.  Turning right on Balboa to get to 15.   Huge, deep pot hole LOUD BANG.  I think  knocked my Honda out  alignment.
Massive pot hole on  ramp onto Friars headed eastbound. Resulted in tire blowing out.
There are two very large potholes in  right eastbound lane  Mira Mesa, just before  Target shopping center. They're big enough that I'm afraid that my wheels are being damaged by hting m at speed. They're also hazardous because drivers are swerving to avoid m at  last minute.
Northbound Pomerado Rd between Pomerado Ct and Paseo del Verano re are multiple potholes in  fast lane
East bound pt. loma blvd. between sunset cliffs blvd. and nimz is in bad shape
Multiple Potholes Southbound Pomerado Rd between  I-15 Offramp and Escala Rd. Lanes closest to curb. Big chunks out
Verano Dr. Westbound between Mirasol Rd and Fernando Way a Large Pothole
Pothole in southbound lane crosswalk area
Pot hole in  cross walk on Texas st at El cajon blvd
2 Potholes Eastbound Escala Dr. between Devereux Rd  and Fernando Way.One is near top  grade and one is at  bottom  before you head up to Fernando
~2 foot wide pothole, deep enough to damage tires and rims, a pain to avoid making an eastbound turn in  center turn lane coming for southbound Westview parkway.
Large Pothole Westbound on Escala Dr. between Pomerado Rd and Fernando Way.
Pot hole
This Entire Street is in need  Repair. Take a look for yourself. This is a heavily traveled street because  is  backway from East to West Rancho Bernardo. This was not included in  BIG Plan for Road Repair but should have been. I will also contact my cy ficial
Turning right onto Luna from southbound Regents Road re is a large pothole.  is hard to avoid hting  because  is dangerous to drift leftward in  lane for fear  colliding wh traffic in  adjacent southbound lane.
PER CUSTOMER HAZARDOUS POTHOLE EASTBOUND ON ALVARADO RD AT THE INTERSECTION.
Cluster  3 Potholes on Jamacha Rd. , West Bound , 160 feet , before  intersection  Jamacha Rd. & Cardiff St.
Deep pothole
There's a very large potholes in  left westbound lane  Mira Mesa, just before  Target shopping center. 's big enough that I'm afraid that my wheels are being damaged by hting  at speed. 's also hazardous because drivers are swerving to avoid  at  last minute.
Sinkhole
There are tons  potholes.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Ave between Linda Vista Rd & Richland St
There are multiple pot holes on Pomerado road between Chabad Driveway and Willow Creek Road (westbound towards  15 freeway).
pot hole possible turning into sink hole// 2ft x 2ft // just before on ramp , on Washington //  -- sr-163 nb/washington st
The entire street is horrible to drive on. From Shoal Creek Drive to Ted Williams Pkwy, Rancho Carmel Drive is awful. Both  north and south sides   road need to be repaved.
Large pothole on Elm St going west toward 1st Ave
As you go up  hill on Waring road from interstate 8, re is a pothole near  Allied Gardens sign and  is leaking water... we are fearful  a sinkhole.  is just past  signal to to turn right to go to adobe falls in  number two lane
Right past trolley tracks
Pothole
Pothole
Two potholes at marked crosswalk going east on Mesa College Dr at intersection wh Linda Vista Rd
Hello, I'm a current resident  Mira Mesa, and would like to report a street that is in bad condion. Marbury Avenue cuts between  Mira Mesa Post Office and  busy shopping center, and wh heavy traffic from Mira Mesa Blvd.  road condion is rough.  looks like  has been patched over in certain places but   street now is in terrible condion. Please fix!
Two huge potholes in right hand turn lane westbound Camino del Norte at Bernardo Center Drive.
POTHOLE E/B LANE OF WASHINGTON
2 large potholes in  right lane traveling eastbound on La Jolla Village Dr.
Pothole in intersection
Pothole on Camino del Norte going west at  right turn lane onto Bernardo Center Dr.

Large deep pothole outside lane before Nimz Blvd.  Thank you, David
Entire road needs to be repaved, but especially  intersection - multiple potholes
Got a flat tire from a pothole going to  airport pacific hwy near terminal 1
POSS SINKHOLE STARTING TO FORM; REF #00140959 - SHOPS CREW MARKED DAMAGED AREA LAST NIGHT, CONTINUES TO DEGRADE
Large pothole in right lane when heading north
Pothole on  west bound Jutland side. In front   house wh all  lawn ornaments.
Pothole, as you are coming up from Regents, right as you make a right turn unto Luna. On  corner   intersection.
large pothole at corner
Several deep potholes between Mt Albertine and Auberndale streets on Mt Aguilar Street.
Lots  potholes both directions on Golfcrest.  Seem to be more from Ruane to Tuxedo.
Pothole Mira mesa blvd and Camino Ruiz

Pothole in front  9391 Reagan Road
There are so many pot holes from  latest storm that I feel like I'm dodging sink holes and my tires will eventually get caught in one. Causing potential accidents. The entire strip  Pomerado from Rancho Bernardo to Poway on Pomerado Rd should be evaluated.
Eastbound, Alongside   Median,  Clairemont Mesa Blvd, 300-400 Feet before La Cuenta Drive, 92124I realize your overwhelmed by requests and Clairemont Mesa in  area is a nightmare, however  very large 20" (?) diameter pothole is so deep, someone has placed 5-7 common bricks into  hole in a an attempt to lim  damage to cars. Unfortunately  is only adding to  danger as s kicking up pieces  brick from  cars and trucks wheels as  passes over.
Very deep pothole
Very deep potholes
The Pothole is beginning to sink more and at times looks like water is coming up from 
Perpetual problem; needs a storm drain
SE side  4500-4900 block  Montezuma Rd has multiple potholes. Please don't  use  "throw & go" method   asphalt repair as  will only come out wh  next rainfall.  Machine compact  repairs please.
Giant man-eating pothole robbing  soles for all who dare to cross s path.  In fast lane  north-bound traffic.
Pothole
Huge potholes in  westbound lanes.
Huge pothole on Luna Ave and Regents Rd at least 10 inches deep and 24 inches long on highly used rd
Numerous potholes on Ingraham St from just south   Grand St intersection north to  Garnet St intersection. North bound lanes.
My car h  pothole last night  is a huge pothole instantly put my car tire on flat. Very deep
Since moving to  street 7 years ago,  road has never been replaced or fixed.  is definely time. Potholes are all over  whole street.  is time to be repaved.
Pothole
3 deep potholes southbound
Pothole
Regents Rd Northbound at Luna. Very deep pot hole.
2 large holes in center  onramp from Aldine to Fairmount North.
Huge pothole
Potholes!!!
Pothole in alley
Large pothole in number 1 lane Rancho Penasquos Blvd West bound in front  McDonalds area
#1 lane, eastbound aero dr at sandrock rd. SDPD ficer placed cone at large pothole
Potholes all along  street
Genesee ave east  Linda Vista Rd has major road damage/pot holes. Due to  street condion, i have a blown tire and bent rim. Will  cy help and reimburse for my damages?
Numerous potholes along KM Rd. from rain.  Very rough surface.
The entire alley behind my homes is in desperate need  being repaved,  has numerous potholes.
Huge pothole, please repair .
Deep large pothole in  right turn /bike lane south turning into Luna Ave.
POTHOLE DAMAGED VEHICLE
Potholes and tree roots tearing up street
Your pothole repair lasted 1 day.  This large pothole is back.
Large pothole
Large sinkhole corner  Santa Barbara in Saratoga
Large pothole on northbound street.
Two very large potholes on Balboa westbound at Clairemont Dr.
Pothole
 whole length  that street has been deteriorating for many many months   horrible re are pot holes THE SIZE OF A CAR. IT HAS THROWN MY ALIGNMENT OUT QUITE A FEW TIMES PLEASE FIX THE ENTIRE STREET NOT JUST THE POTHOLES
The entire street from El Cajon to college Ave is filled wh pot holes.
Large bumps in road. Also potholes everywhere. Terrible road that needs repairs. Unsafe to drive on.
Potholes and can not push wheelchair
Deep pothole,  approx 9" diameter,Located on Madison between Kansas and Utah, heading east.
Pot hole is on  northbound black mountain road, at  intersection  mira mesa blvd.
Large pothole in  eastbound lane
Fill  already.  What are waing for?
4 pot holes (S E corner Keltner Blvd. & W Hawthorn)
Large pothole southbound 6th Ave, right lane just before Upas

POTHOLE DAMAGED VEHICLE. FLAT TIRE.
I was traveling west on Governor drive on Friday 1/27/2017 in  at 6:15 PM when I ran over  pothole and damaged my car as well.  Very dangerous!  The street is dark on  resident side   street so unable see  until  was too late.  I went  next morning to see what I h and here  is.
Pot hole
Shawline St and Clairmont Mesa

Large pot holes, west bound lanes
Large square pothole east  Sunset Cliffs.
Large pothole.  least 3-5" deep, can do damage
Balboa Arms Drive has been ltered wh potholes for years, even though  is an emergency access route  needs maintenance badly
All  Chateau drive needs to be repaved, major potholes all along from mt Abernathy to Genesee ave
Several potholes between Avenida Magnifica and Scripps Ranch Blvd on  east bound and west bound lanes  Pomerado Road in Scripps Ranch.  Feels like an obstacle course trying to get past  potholes.










Lots  potholes opened up on Rosecrans, particularly here.
Large pothole on at intersection  Plaza Dolores and Paseo Del Verano.
Large pothole on Regents Rd in south bound lane, prior to  traffic signal. Pothole is 2 feet by 1 foot and 2 feet deep. Second smaller pothole on north bound Regents.
Pothole!  Been here for a year.  Fill !
Pothole!   Fill !  Was here long before  rains.
Deep potholes on Kemper, especially near Sports Arena Blvd.
LARGE DEEP POTHOLE ON FROM REGENTS RIGHT ONTO LUNA.
HAZARDOUS POTHOLE. WESTBOUND HARBOR DR PAST THE LIBERTY WAY INTERSECTION.
Large segment  asphalt that can be saved if sealed quickly.
2 giant pothole at turn onto 8east ramp at Texas street

Pothole
Break up  asphalt threatens integry  water main.
An inverted pothole in bike lane. Dangerous.
Just after freeway ex. Huge
Inner section  around 3200 clairemont mesa blvd&Regents Rd huge pothole been re about a month!
Due to  rain, re is a 1.5 ft x 1.5 ft deep pothole on Old Town Ave near  Arco Gas Station.
There is a pothole on  southbound side  La Jolla Shores Dr. just before  intersection wh Naga Way
Due to  rain, re are various pot holes located along  road whin  pin mapped area. I saw about 3 on  same street whin close proximy  each or.
Asphalt is rising up against cement.
4300 block  Aldine Drive has too many potholes to count.  Both lanes , up and down are in need  serious repair.
3 large potholes in  center   intersection well below  street cement level and about 8-10 inches deep
I h a large pothole heading west on Balboa Aveue between Mt Culebra and Clairemont Drive.  was unsafe to take a picture as re is noPlace to pull over but  location is in  right lane approaching Garfield Center. The impact cracked both my wheel and my tire. This is not  only pothole on Balboa.
3 huge potholes in slow lane on East bound Mira Mesa Blvd, between Parkdale and Reagan Rd. Potholes are about 2 feet across and pretty deep.
There are 3 large holes in  Cy owned alleyway that runs behind my house.   is now damaging cars and several people have fallen and been injured.  s only a matter  time before someone breaks a leg and sues e
Southbound on Fernando Way re are big chunks  asphalt missing  as you enter  intersection  Verano Dr at  stop sign
Big hole in intersection  Frink and Conrad
Huge holes on end   ramp crumbling asphalt chunks scattered 6 humungase ones.
Razzmatazz y fixed 3 small craters but missed  huge craters. Is re a lim  how many y can fix in one day?
Pothole
This whole street is full  LARGE potholes and needs to be fixed ASAP! thanks
Large potholes next to stop sign
Large pothole near center island
Pothole needs to be filled
Eastbound lane
VERY LARGE DEEP POTHOLE IN LEFT HAND LANE OFF 5 FREEWAY EXIT FOR AIRPORT UNDER BRIDGE.


Five huge potholes north bound on mission bay dr in front  first parking lot entrance
Large pothole north bound lanes
Large pot hole north bound lane
Deep pothole at intersection

Large pothole no. 1 lane
Deep pothole in asphalt next to island gutter.
Deep pothole in intersection, north-bound side.
I h a large pothole heading west on Balboa Aveue between Mt Culebra and Clairemont Drive.  was unsafe to take a picture as re is no Place to pull over but  location is in  right lane approaching Garfield Center. The impact cracked both my wheel and my tire. This is not  only pothole on
Pothole at intersection  Ingraham and Missouri
Pothole
Pothole at Ingraham and Chalcedony
Multiple potholes, just blew a tire on one
POTHOLE
POTHOLE ON TEXAS GOING OVER I-8 SOUTH BOUND
Two large potholes
Pothole large on  corner  Claremont Mesa & Luna right turn light
Deep hole, roughly 1.5ft in diameter. Close to  shoulder   road.
Pothole
https://www.google.com/maps/place/32%C2%B044'22.1%22N+117%C2%B008'49.0%22W/@32.7394691,-117.1474912,225m/data=!3m2!1e3!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x0!8m2!3d32.739468!4d-117.146944There is a deep pothole in  Northbound left lane on Park Blvd right before  left turn lane onto Front street appears.
Pothole
There are two potholes on  right most lane as we travel east. Please kindly fix  at  earliest.
Major potholes on Rancho Carmel Drive from Ted Williams to Carmel Mountain Road. The entire stretch  road should be resurfaced.
Pothole
Very large pot hole. Have already reported  (3 days ago) 's getting bigger.
Deep pothole
Pothole in  Westbound lane  Clairemont Drive
There are a cluster  potholes in  Westbound lane  Clairemont Drive East  Galveston and toward Hartford.
Multiple potholes on  road in front  my house located at 8575 Ara Place that are getting worst and s a safety concern in  neighborhood.
A wide pothole to China
Large, deep pothole at 4250 Clairemont Mesa Blvd in front  Mission Federal Cred Union, right lane, west side
Right lane eastbound. Large pothole
Pothole at traffic signal into Clairemont Square Shopping Center near Michael's Craft Store, right lane, west bound side.
Awful cracks & potholes on  small stretch on Tyrian between Palomar and Rosemont, thank you
Need to have NEW asphalt put in  holes and fix street.
Several pot holes as you turn right at  corner  Saturn on to palm Ave heading east.
Pothole
Giant Pothole - resulted in two FLAT TIRES!
Four potholes west bound on clairemont Dr
Three huge potholes west bound on clairemont dr. se Are pretty big. Might need to get out here quickly bc  may cause an accident
GIANT POTHOLE AT CARMEL VALLEY RD AND EL CAMINO REAL - 56 west bound (near intersection) - Resulted in TWO FLAT TIRES!!!!
Big hole you can't see, n your car hs .
2x 12" inch deep potholes at  intersection on Merrimac Ave and Conrad Ave. South West cnr  intersection.

2 enormous pot holes in wheel pathways
Multiple potholes in  access driveway at Public Library from Governor Drive to  parking lot. Hazardous for both walkers and drivers.
Multiple potholes in access road from Agee to Public Library parking lot. Hazardous for both walkers and drivers.
Pothole west bound on Imperial Ave
NB #2 LANE BASKETBALL SIZE POT HOLE 1 FOOT DEEP AT ADOBE FALLS RD
Large pothole popping tires.... multiple cars on side  freeway road wh flats.
Large pothole on NB Kemper St before Midway Dr.  Thank you, David
Several potholes from location up past East Dr in outside lane. Thank you, David
Deep pothole in outside before Burger King.  Thank you,  David
2 potholes on a VERY busy street.
Pothole on North East side   direct along wh needing all  Whney St needing to be resurfaced
Potholes in street
Huge potholes in westbound lanes.
Nasty ball joint buster hole on east bound lane on Poway rd near San Diego cy line
Large pothole
Large pot hole - trucks must avoid - dangerous
Turn lane in front  Encanto park  BIG pothole
Huge potholes
One pothole.

Several potholes.    Corner westbury ave and bly road
6 in deep pot hole.  Rt turned near curb
Huge pothole on west Bernardo dr (heading north) before George Cooke express drive
Eastbound Universy, just west  Utah
Eastbound Washington St., numerous potholes  entire block between Eagle and Dove Streets
Large pothole eastbound Mission Avenue just before Alabama Street
Potholes along Kelowna between zapata and capricorn
Pothole in  stripes  westbound El Cajon Blvd. just before Idaho St.
  intersection  Berryknoll and Tyrolean, re are three small potholes that are soon going to une to become one big one.  Our streets are a mess.  Around  corner, between 11126 and 11132 Acaso Way, re is a long pothole.
There is a huge 3 feet deep pothole on Navajo Road west bond in  middle   intersection in middle lane at Lake Murray
Multiple potholes both directions from  location
Large trench repair gone bad in middle  southbound lane.
Actually pothole is on EB Avati @ Crosswalk wh Huerfano/Avati
Multiple potholes on WB right lane on Grand between Olney and Lamont. Mostly deep pothole just before merge. No safe place to stop to document!
Westbound lane
Test - Vishnu
Here
Streamview by 54th and college Ave is messed up after a recently completed project.Please fix  damage from large machinery and general unsightliness   asphalt. Thank you!
Numerous potholes
18 inches wide and 10 inches deep in front  6494 lipman
Numerous potholes
Pothole near  northwest corner  6th Avenue and Universy Ave.
Potholes
Multiple potholes along southbound Convoy St. between Ostrow Street and Aero Dr.
Large pothole, North bound, inside lane.  I H  pothole at 5:45 PM on 1-27-17.   blew out my tire and causes front end damage to my car
multiple potholes
The street is coming apart! There's a huge hole.
potholes at Illinois St and El Cajon Blvd
West bound #1 and 2 lanes  8100 Clairemont Mesa Blvd large potholes
Pothole in intersection
Dangerous pothole on pedestrian walk path
Pothole and ruts just prior to cul de sac
POTHOLE 10' EAST OF 38TH IN WEST BOUND LANE.
The ex that merges from Texas street to  8E has a pothole somewhere along. 's hard to see.  damaged my tire and needed to be replaced. Please fix!
Pothole(s) westbound Balboa at intersection  Balboa and Clairemont Dr
Westbound Carmel Mountain Road at Trotter
Street cracking and pothole. Also over at intersection  Monroe and Georgia.
Huge pot hole going east bound on Camino Del rio North. Also many more going west from that location as well...street in very poor condion
Pothole in alley @ 3400 Bayside Lane
BAD BAD POTHOLE
3 large deep pot holes in right lane
Several potholes in  road
Huge potholes SEVERAL!!!
Large deep pothole located before  merge on grand ave
There is a big pot hole on Morena Blvd. just before Buenos Ave. heading East.  Thank you!
POTHOLE IN THE Westbound right lane  Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Pothole heading west
Deep pot holes going West
POTHOLE
2 MORE POTHOLES IN FRONT OF THIS ADDRESS
Deep pothole in lane
Pothole on upas at grim
Large pothole on Grand (going west) right before Balboa and Grand merge.
Pothole at  corner  Azuaga St and Camino Ciera
Pothole
Deep pothole is located on Carmel Mountain Rd. going southbound between  15 freeway and Penasquos Dr.  Thank you.
DEEP pothole, 12 inch diameter. Possibly bent my wheel. LOUD sound.
Per consumer: Pothole
Street in poor condion were  meets wh  alley entrance. I already tripped here several times because 's full  holes and not flat
Per consumer:  Pothole
Norast Corner  56th St and Madison Ave needs repair.
Per consumer:  Pothole
Westbound cluster  deep potholes
Per consumer:  Pothole
south bound on Nimz Blvd. Many big and deep potholes in left-turn lane where  crosses W. Point Loma Blvd. Please fill up asap.
2 potholes in front   steep driveway to Southridge Apartments at  corner  72nd and Saranac St
The patching from  recent water main break is already sinking in. Will  be redone in a more permanent fashion?
Major potholes
There are 3 big potholes on 44th street and many smaller potholes are forming from redwood st to thorn st.
This pothole is back, just as bad as before...
On NB soledad Rd.   5501 is a very rough guess... The jarring pothole is somewhere around 5300-5700 soledad Rd...
Large pothole in right lane facing west; could cause damage to car and tires
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE INTERSECTION. BJ
Potholes continuous on Appleton Street, between Cole Street and Genesee Ave.
NB Ingraham... This pothole is back again
pothole at Arizona and El Cajon blvd
Large pot hole surrounding a manhole cover

Large pothole in right hand lane in front   Mission Federal cred union.

There is some type  survey monument loose.   is creating a HOLE in  middle   street. IT's been re SEVERAL months.  Or neighbors have reported  to you. This weekend,  safety cone was moved and  CAUSED AN ACCIDENT when a vehicle h  HOLE.  FIX IT!!  We heard you are arguing if 's a pothole or a monument and WHO will fix.  We don't give a damn what you call  - FIX IT.
4 inch gaps in  middle  Lotus between Sunset Cliffs and Cable
Deep one on  northwest corner  Luna & Clairemont Mesa Blvd
30 plus on poblado from matinal to west bernardo
Huge pothole in  middle   intersection denver abd clairemont dr.  Cars are swriving. Into each or to avoid  pothole.
Several deep potholes inside lane under Hwy 5 overpass WB up to Kettner Blvd.  Thank you, David
Large pothole right hand lane
Pot hole
Pot hole
Pot hole
Pot hole
pothole on southbound side at intersection
Pot hole
Pot hole
Pot holes
Pot holes
Pot holes
Pot holes
Pot holes
Large potholes
You got  poteholes in  left lanes in both directions but missed  potholes in  right lanes in both directionss
s not a pothole but a very uneven dip that runs by a man-hole,  caused alot  cars to serve erractically to aviod, i notice that some cars has recieve some damages from ,  and i could foresee that  will cost alot  damages for  untrain eyes, especially new drivers,  uneven pavement is located by ramp by  basketball courts and 54th st. You cant miss  because  will force you to manuever around  in order to meege onto 54st south. I cant load a picture because s dark out but you will notice  automatically once you approach ,
Several potholes before merging into ramps to  I-8 freeways
Two huge deep potholes on el Camino real and Carmel valley road ( east direction before  east  56 Ted William fwy)  thank you.
Several major potholes in rightmost lane East bound
Large pothole on Mira Mesa Boulevard just east  Westview Parkway and right before  15 South entrance.
The alley between Hamilton and Arizona, from Meade to El Cajon, is dangerous in  current condion. The photo is just one small example   terrible damage. This is not safe for people who walk and for vehicles.
There are several large pot holes on  street and a few small ones too.
Many potholes all  way along  entire road. Must drive down  line to avoid driving through m.
5300 block   Regents going south  from I-52 re are 4 potholes.  1 large pothole in  right lane, 2 small potholes left hand lane & in  right hand lane at  light at Luna is a big pothole when you make  right hand turn,
Two very large and deep pot holes enough to engulf a car tire
From I-163  going west on Genesee Ave to Linda Vista Rd to many potholes to count.
Potholes two large flattened my tire
Several horrible potholes on Alvarado Rd between 70th and College. In order to avoid m drivers must enter  opposing traffic lane to drive on  shoulder.  Very unsafe! Thank you.
several large potholes on eastbound lanes, mira mesa blvd - betwn flanders and reagan rd
whole street from carmel mountain ranch  to Ted Williams (56) badly damaged wh many potholes and very dangerous to drive
potholes along mira mesa blvdboth westward and eastward lanes
Pothole on right side  right lane between black mtn rd and westview pkwy east bound
Pothole, Westbound Carmel Mtn Rd, right lane on right boundary line at top  hill
Potholes everywhere.
Huge pot hole just before In-N-Out that caused my flat tire! This street is horrible on both sides wh a ton  pot holes!
http://www.cbs8.com/clip/13062859/massive-pothole-causes-crash-in-universy-cy
Deep pothole
Really deep pothole heading west.
In  east bound lane near  location
I believe  is where I had to swerve my car to avoid a very deep new pothole on  northbound lane  Regents not too far from Pennant
Road has many potholes and in terrible condion after recent rainfall.
Potholes on Pegasus between Gemini and Capricorn.
Center  New Salem Street intersection  New Salem Court  Metal Triangle that is broken and fly's out   place and HITS  bottom  cars when y drive west on New Salem St. Parents are driving ir children to Challenger Middle School every day.  Is  possible to get a replacement 13 inches Metal Triangle Cover Replaced so that no more tires fall into  POTHOLE?
Please I beg  you! These potholes need to be fixed! More than one  our cArs were damaged going through !
Vela Drive has multiple potholes, especially after SDGE dug up  street last spring and summer.  The entire neighborhood is riddle wh small to very large potholes as a result  excessive patching.
Several potholes on cardeno right before  turns into Fanuiel. Also a ton on foothill !
Many deep holes along both sides  Rancho Carmel Drive.
The intersection  Keats and Locust has 3 major potholes after  recent storms.  Two  m are sizable and can cause damage to vehicles if not avoid.  The whole intersection re is in very poor repair.
Pot holes
left lane on Hawthorne coming f  ex from 5 north
Large pothole in center lane just beyond Hawthorne/Kettner intersection
Rancho Bernardo road between Bernardo oaks on  west and  cy lim on  east is in horrible shape and full  patches, potholes and pavenent failures.  From your history list,  pavement in  section was last resurfaced 17 And 23 years ago.  This is a Major arterial.  So, when do you Plan to  do do a full rehabilation or replacement on  segment?  You have missed  opportuny to do preventative maintenance about ten years ago and frankly,  was already significantly distressed back n.  Thank you.
Corner  regents road and luna street. On  west side  Luna street. Big pothole.
Three giant potholes on Shawline St going north at  intersection wh Clairemont Mesa Blvd. One  se potholes is unavoidable when turning left onto Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Four deep potholes on  east-most lane  Vista Sorrento Pkwy going north. They should be just a ltle b north  Sorrento Valley Blvd.
Two big potholes in front  11202 Ganesta Road.
One giant pothole that has cracked all   surrounding pavement. Please fix soon! The pothole is just south  Schneple Dr on Ganesta Road.
NB Ingraham.... South  grand ave
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole at  center   cross roads
2 pot holes has appeared on  right most lane  Mira Mesa blvd heading toward east.
On  southbound side  Vista Sorrento Parkway from Lusk Blvd to Directors Place. Numerous potholes and cracks.
From Sorrento Valley Blvd to Lusk Blvd on  southbound side. Potholes and cracks.
Potholes on Villa La Jolla Drive between Nobel and Holiday CRT. On  north bound side   street.
Pot holes many along market east   location
Big pothole near middle   street
Number one lane northbound on Santo Rd.
Number one lanes eastbound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd
Number one lane eastbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd
There are two big potholes very bumpy and uneven.
S/B REGENTS JUST SOUTH OF LUNA,  ABOUT 6 FT FRM CURB.   1FT WIDE BY APPROX 1 FT DEEP POTHOLE
Potholes, damaged street Sigsbee Street between Main Street and Harbor Drive. This street has numerous potholes and damage areas in need  repair. I use  street cycling to work from Chula Vista to  Navy Region Southwest Broadway Complex 937 North Harbor Drive. This is  second time that I have subm a repair request on  street. No response, no action. Gregory Hall 619-746-1603
Between 9th and 11th Ave on Broadway going east, seems like after MTS upgraded  Bus Stop construction at Smart Corner area,  re-stripping  road,  has taken a layer f and  is rough.  Is MTS going to finish what y started or ????
Potholes on both directions across  street from  24 Hour Fness Gym.
Pothole on  Left lane going southbound next to  flower shop on  street mall or  7-Eleven market
 least two potholes on  north side  Pomerado, just east   intersection wh Scripps Ranch Blvd. They caused a flat tire.
in front  1252 piccard ave. south bound lane
Pothole along crosswalk
Potholes in both sides   road oppose  Social Secury Office.
Left lane going westbound on Aero Dr. Many requests please repair
Multiple potholes on on ramp from Aldine to Fairmount.
Please repair pothole on  LEFT lane going northbound when going under  I-8 Freeway. Several requests have been submted already. When are you to fix ?
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON THE STREET.
Very large pothole on  street, right side heading east on Monument Road where  washout is at  bottom   hill.
Pothole in southbound Saturn Blvd Lane near pedestrian crossing.




Multiple potholes on Barnard st. Between bob st and chapman st.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE LOCATED AT THE INTERSECTION.
Hugh prior street repair is now heaving upward and causing pedestrian hazard. I reported  2 years ago.
20" X 20" POTHOLE
on  left most lane coming from I-15 turning left on Camino Ruiz, in front  Starbucks, re is a giant pothole. I ran over  today. I seem to recall  was recently filled just before  rains started. Now 's a giant, deep pothole.

A big hole on  school cross walk.
Significant pothole damage along entire stretch  Boulder Lake from Navajo Rd to Ballinger Ave. Road surface is already in very poor condion but se last rain storms have made  much worse
Pothole
There is a large pothole in  right hand turn lane, at  intersection  Balboa Ave & Mercury Street. (Turning Right from Mercury street onto Balboa Ave.)
Numerous potholes, some que large, along Rancho Bernardo Road from intersection  Rancho Bernardo Road and Bernardo Center Center drive eastbound. Potholes present in both eastbound and westbound lanes from that intersection to Poway cy lims at Summerfield Lane.
Pothole

There are a few large potholes on Parkdale Avenue between Jade Coast Road and Flanders Drive.
large pot hole
Got a flat tire today from one   potholes on  road.   was eir h  pothole or  car coming headon.
large pot hole
The intersection between aviary drive and willow creek drive has a pothole. There was some work done and  was parched up, but  has come undone after  event rains.
Huge 20" deep  2ft x 2ft pothole hting  right wheels  anyone making a right turn. Extremely hazardous for all vehicles and dangerous for drivers in  right lane when cars turning right swerve left to avoid at  last minute.  Difficult to see in advance due to location at crest   hill
Huge pothole on 8th and Ash street in  far right lane coming over  hill and intersection. Flattened my tire.
Potholes!
LARGE POTHOLES, DAMAGED TIRE.
Parkdale Ave in Mira Mesa has many potholes in  viciny  Jonas Salk Elementary school. These are causing many vehicles to swerve to avoid se.
large pot hole on  ramp to  163. wide enough that smaller cars may not be able to center  between  wheels especially if moving
POTHOLE, JUST BEFORE I-15
 whole street  Rancho Caramel Dr. is full  potholes and has been for a number  years.  gets progressively worst after some rain. several reports have been submted by people.
POTHOLE, CLAIMS INJURED HIS BACK, CLAIMS HE CALLED LAST WEEK.
Recent rains are making  street extremely uneven and dangerous. The entire street section leading up to our driveway is a disaster and not safe
POTHOLE AT CEMENT AREA IN FRONT OF 7-11
Left lane, South bound.  Very dangerous
large pothole in middle  street, impossible to avoid when cars parked on street, dangerous to  safety  drivers and passengers.
There is a large pothole in  left turn lane from Clairemont Mesa Blvd, turning onto Mercury St.
lots  potholes  entire section between Chabad Center Drwy and Willow creek on Pomerado going south/West.
BAD POTHOLE DAMAGE HIS TIRE
Large potholes next to driveway and in street
Pot hole about 1-2 ft long about a foot wide and a few inches deep
Pothole
Multiple Potholes in road
Several Potholes along  blvd leading up to Midway/Sports Arena.
I  had reported earlier that  entire section near airport   N harbor Drive on various lanes had potholes. Finding that some are fixed and some potholes 10-15 yards adjacent to  ones fixed, that are clearly visible are not. Is  expectation for  public to report  exact location  each and every pothole? Can your team not drive by and look at  various potholes on  various lanes (on that section that is a mile long from Hawthorne ) on N harbor drive leading to  airport and fix m?
The road on Genessee from  163 framp to Linda Vista Raod (I'm only familiar wh  left side because I turn left onto Linda Vista), has multiple potholes.   is a horrible stretch  road.
Huge pot hole that caused my tire to blow as I was driving towards  163 s freeway entrance.  Not far from In N Out.. When Triple A arrived  guy said he just finished changing a tire on anor vehicle that h  same pothole.

Huge deep pothole, NW corner  Ruffner at Clmt Mesa
There is a really big pot hole on  far left lane heading southbound on College Ave right f  8E ex ramp.
Pothole on  corner  Oro Vista Rd. and Grove Ave. Cause believed to be due to installation  New Streetlight.
W/B I-94 & 28TH ST-POTHOLE BY ONRAMP
There is a pothole on Waring Road heading north.  is before Orcutt in  right lane when you are heading up  hill.
There is a pot hole at  corner  Balboa and mercury street. 's very deep
On  west bound side  Jutland
There is a major pothole in  southbound lane because   recent rains that has taken a large portion   road.  is really bad and causes people to encroach in  oppose lane.
There is a major pothole in  southbound lane because   recent rains that has taken a large portion   road.  is really bad and causes people to encroach in  oppose lane.
Huge pothole on lane 3 wh various or
On Governor dr westbound at stadium st right lane before  intersection west
Huge deep pothole in front  Casey Family Program building on Old Town Ave. 92110. Cross streets: San Diego Ave and Moore, before gas station when heading west.
IFO THIS ADDRESS, PAVEMENT IS RAVELELLING / DELAMINATING DUE TO RAINS.
Potholes
There are at least two potholes in a row in  right eastbound lane.  One is very large and deep.  (Address is approximate.)
Pothole on sixth ave at balboa drive, right lane.
Street Buckling up on Grove Ave, Rough Road from Oro Vista Road to Hollister Street.
Wide pot hole westbound just east  Red cedar Dr.
Deep pothole on universy westbound in rt turn lane to enter Ca 163.
Numerous potholes all along street in both directions between Ted Williams parkway and carmel mtn road.
The southbound side  Rancho Carmel Drive between Carmel Mountain Road and Ted Williams Parkway has been severly neglected. Before  rains se two lanes were problematic. Now y have become a safety hazard. Please priotize. Many people walk  sidewalks in  area. A driver can easily lose control and cause injury or property damage due to road damage that  cy has been negligent in correcting .
Two very LARGE holes at  intersection  Garnet & North bound Soledad Mountain Rd
Pot holes everywhere
 approx.  location, SB Regents Rd. , large pothole
Large pothole on Ash St. at 8th Ave. in  right hand lane. Also anor large pothole on Ash St. at 7th Ave.
N/B POTHOLES
The left turning lane at Nimz Blvd traffic light that goes  into w Point Loma Blvd has 2 potholes.
Large pothole in  intersection
LARGE POTHOLE
On WB Via de la Valle, from  intersection (wh framp from NB I-5) westward to intersections wh Valley Ave., several potholes.  Some previously reported  (file #00131404) and only partially fixed; ors are new since that report.  Entire road section should be examined and all potholes filled.
SEVERAL POTHOLES
POTHOLE
2nd time reporting:   POTHOLE right at  beginning  Balboa Drive at 6th Ave.
Montezuma @ Ladorna pot hole eastbound
S/B SEVERAL POTHOLES
2nd time reporting:  Olive St at 6th Ave https://www.google.com/maps/@32.7345906,-117.159451,3a,75y,266.25h,73.92t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sPGLBs3C9Inmhk2E0BjEWgA!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1
Potholes on Flower Street Behind Fire Station 30.
Rightmost lane, large and deep pothole
Pothole right after  traffic light.
Severe uneven road
There are numerous potholes on N. Habor Drive, especially on  westbound side, between Laurel and Laning Road.  I drive  road almost daily and I observe cars swerving to avoid large potholes.   is just a matter  time before re is an accident or serious tire damage resulting from se potholes and drivers' attempt to avoid m.
Huge potholes in he west bound lanes.
Numerous significant potholes in  northbound #2 lane on Navajo Rd between College Ave and Camino Rico
Pothole on Picador to 905 Westbound Ramp.
Existing onto W. Hathorn Street from I-5 North, re is a large and deep pothole on  left most lane under  I-5 bridge.  This pothole has been re for a while, and has gotten larger after  past rains.  Please repair ,  is a huge safety issue at  time as people tend to move into  middle lane to avoid .
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE POTHOLES NORTH AND SOUTH OF THE INTERSECTION.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON THIS STREET.
This pothole keeps getting fixed and opens up again after every rain
Poway resident reported to Poway Public Works a large pothole in left lane on WB Rancho Bernardo Road, approx. 200 meters e/o Pomerado Road. This appears to be whin Cy  San Diego jurisdiction around Cresta Drive intersection.Thank you.Poway Public Works858-668-4700
I h  pothole on tuesday night.  needs to be fixed ASAP
POTHOLE, IN FRONT OF DENNYS
BAD POTHOLE, TIRE DAMAGE RIGHT OFF THE I-5 NORTH
Two potholes mira mesa boulevard lane closest to sidewalk heading east right before Reagan Road
Pot holes north bound college avenue approaching Del Cerro Boulevard.
Waring road just northwest  Navajo intersection. West bound lane up to Eldridge Street.
two huge potholes. i saw at lest three cars pulled over to  side   road yesterday alone wh blown tires.
west bound lanes just west  Princess View Drive along Mission Gorge Road
Margerum Avenue just south  Fontaine Street intersection.
North bound lane
Pot holes along Margerum Avenue.
Three large potholes in  north bound direction.
Several potholes have reported beforeEastbound Washington at 163 left turn
Pot holes
Pothole
Many potholes along westbound Pomerania road between Semillion and I-15 interchange. Some que large and deep after recent rains.
Correction to last post should read "many potholes on West on Pomerado Road between Semillion and I-15 exchange"
"35th Street between Madison and Monroe is a pot-holed, cracked, wash-boarded mess that  hazardous for both motorists and bicyclists."
Big pothole on 8E I15 access lanes in between I15s ramp and I15n ramp
West bound on Balboa Ave, just past  Mt. Everest intersection
POTHOLE IN RIGHT TRUN LANE FROM CAMINO SANTA FE TO CARROLL RD
West bound on Balboa Ave, just past  intersection wh Culebra Ave.
Potholes on Morena Blvd both directions adjacent to Cy Rose Canton Maintenance Facily.
South bound Balboa Ave, at approximately 4500, at  bottom   dip.
West bound Balboa at approximately 4200 pot hole in right hand travel lane.
West bound Balboa at intersection wh Clairemont Dr in right hand lane.
Eroded and potholed area next to concrete drain area that crosses Hiawatha Wy. at  intersection wh Gila Ave.

Big ass pothole by westbound freeway ex stop sign
Major pothole just before  intersection heading west on Rancho Bernardo Road
Actually most  Sports Arena Blvd. Is riddled in potholes deep enough to damage cars
Huge pothole exactly where tires h
Pothole
There are many potholes on  east side  Golfcrest drive between Melotte St and Ruane St. Please fix ASAP since re are so many  m along Golfcrest Dr.
Not a great place for that big old truck
Big pothole
POTHOLES
Two deep pot holes in left turn lane from nimz to west point loma blvd
Many potholes on San Pasqual Rd. since  rain. They are on Cy land.
Large pothole in  intersection
Multiple potholes in  location
There is a pothole wh a large section  asphalt sticking up about 3-4 inches.
Pothole
3 pot holes
Huge dip into a man hole.
Miles  pot hole and huge cracks along  hole street.
  east end  Groveland & 53rd Street, potholes extremely deep, resurfacing needed.
Extremely deteriorate
Potholes at 54th Street and Groveland Drive
Pot holes
No problems, just accolades!  When I left for work  morning, I was so happy to see that all   worst potholes on Clairemont Mesa lvd.between Mission Trails Park and I-15 had been filled in.  Someone must have worked hard, over  weekend, to get se done so fast, so soon after  torrential rains.  AND I APPRECIATE IT!  Thanks to everyone involved. Donna J. Warlick
Last repair lasted three days
Pothole in intersection
Pothole freeway eastbound right lane
Vehicle damaging pot hole popped two car tires.
Pothole going west on Flanders, east side patched up. What not  west?
East bound 56 before 15 freeway
fairly deep pothole wh sharp edges, so definely jarring when h. Westbound lane  Governor Drive a few houses east  Stadium St.
Pothole
Large and deep pothole
This is duplicate report wh photo
There are two GIANT potholes in  right lane  La Jolla Village drive going east, shortly after getting f  5 south.  I h se potholes today, causing a flat tire and damage to my wheel.   These are a serious road hazard and need to be fixed immediately!!!!!!
small but rough potholes all around  intersection .
Big pothole.
Pothole at Sorrento Valley Blvd / Sorrento Valley RD intersection in  westbound left turning lane. See picture.
2 LARGE potholes on eastbound #1 lane just before Lebon Dr. next to The Hyatt. Potholes are large square shape. 2 next to each or. Really bad.
To whom  may concern,On  evening  January 28, 2017, a pothole West bound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd, right before  south bound 805 on-ramp; bent my truck's fairly NEW back wheel and blow out my NEW TIRE on passenger's side. The pothole caused such a hard bang;  caused several warning lights to pop up on my dashboard, and my vehicle began to automatically slow self down. Because   dash board warnings and  truck slowing self down,   point, I am unsure  how much internal damage  truck may have. Thank goodness I was able to safely pull into a gas station whout being h by anor vehicle. Honestly, I would greatly appreciate some financial assistance wh  issue. My truck is my ONLY form  transportation, I use  for work, and transporting my children to/from schools that are NOT in our neighborhood, and daily transporting my children to ir after school and weekend activies.   Please let me know if  Cy  San Diego, can help me and my family repair  damages to my truck? Kindly,JaManda Howell559-281-3146jamandahowell@yahoo.com
Pothole 28 street ex & in alley on e street btw 28 @ 29 street
There's many potholes and big bumps in  North Cove parking lot.
POTHOLE
P/H BY POST OFFICE
Several enlarging potholes in  West bound lane.
There potholes all over  street. The street needs to be re-paved
Corner  Outer and Hollister
Extensive damage to  east and west side  Clairemont Mesa Blvd in Tierrasanta between Antigua and Santo.
Pothole next to water drainage groove in  middle   road.
2 large potholes at  intersection
Several large potholes in  right turn lane (turning R onto La Jolla Village Dr)
Many potholes in  immediate area in  curve made worse after  rains.
A whole row  potholes shown in  attached photo. Getting worse after rains.thank you
3 potholes  more than 4 inches deep
Pot hole in intersection
pothole at  intersection  westbury and bly road.
Huge crack in left lane
Pot holes on  whole street
2 large and deep potholes right after crossing Allenhurst Pl.
2 ft. diameter pothole near center median in SW corner   busy intersection
2 potholes (each about 2 ft. diameter) on NE corner   busy intersection.
Large hole in streetk
Pothole at top  hill
Large pothole in right lane  northbound West Bernardo Drive just before  George Cooke Express Drive
Large pothole in middle  intersection; WB Navajo Rd. at Lake Murray Blvd.
Large pothole on right most lane near parked cars.
Gold Coast Dr. between Cam. Ruiz and Black Mt. Rd. eastbound is dotted wh tire/wheel/alignment killing potholes.  Virtually invisible in  rain and difficult to avoid at night when unseen by blinding oncoming headlights.Please fix se.  Second alignment in a month.  Avoiding  street.
Torrey Pines Rd in La Jolla village between Ltle St & Viking WayVery bad pothole that especially you can't see in dark!
Santo Rd North, Left lane. Between TierraSanta Blvd and Clairemont Blvd And Clairemont Mesa Blvd West, Left lane just pasted  Mobil gas station
POTHOLE
Going westbound right by  DIP re is a pothole on  left lane
Pothole
Big pothole found on Clairemont Mesa Blvd  at  intersection  Shawline (middle  street left lane going East). Was re Friday (27th) afternoon. A few more on Clairemont Mesa Blvd going East towards 163. May have been reported since n
emergency pothole south west corner
three potholes just north  aero on convoy
Pothole on  west bound Mira Mesa Blvd, right after high school
Two potholes in wb left turn lane on Sorrento Valley blvd
WB balboa
Huge deep potholes.
Pothole
In  far left lane, when coming f   5, re's a huge pothole
Multiple potholes


Potholes here in  intersection.
giant fing dch. plates. etc. fix genesse!!
Large pothole on  right side   road
several potholes throughout highwood dr and boulder lake ave
Potholes
Large area falling apart soon
Several in  area
West bound big potholes
multiple new potholeshttps://www.google.com/maps/@32.9797364,-117.2546413,0a,73.7y,258.17h,65.2t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1s2Q_L3TB37NvfRt_SD2FZpw!2e0?source=apiv3
There is a large pothole at  corner  Carroll Rd and Camino Santa Fe in  right turning lane (going south). I was dipping into  frequently and learned to drive to  left to avoid , but  is que large now. Tires go down about halfway into .
Deep deep pothole (1  2)
Deep pothole (2  2)
On Vista Sorrento Pkwy, just north  Sorrento Valley Blvd, re are 3 potholes in right lane, very closely spaced and toger taking up most   lane, The only way to avoid hting m is to veer in to  busy bike lane on  right or into  (also busy) lane on  left. Many people make right turn from Sorrento Valley Blvd into that right lane on Vista Sorrento and immediately find mselves facing  potholes and n quickly swerve whout checking for bikes/cars in  adjacent lanes.
West bound lane
Very large pothole in  middle   intersection  Carmel Valley Rd at El Camino Real, in  transion area between  5 South and 56 East. Cars have to swerve to avoid potential tire damage. Very unsafe.
Very large pothole in  intersection  Lake Murray Blvd and Navajo Rd on  Westbound lanes
So many potholes and y're destroying my car. They seem like y're getting progressively worse too.
large/deep pothole on northbound side  Waring Road just past Adobe Falls Rd.
POTHOLES IN ALLEY
multiple potholes @ intersection  28th & Imperial. One pothole recently filled; but filler has compacted and exposed  pothole once again. Thank you.
Large pothole #1 westbound lanes  Balboa at intersection  Ruffin Rd.
Pothole on WB Mira Mesa Blvd
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole and road damage on WB Mira Mesa Blvd at Montongo
There are four or five potholes here in  4100 block  Moraga.
Serious pie hole damaged my tire
Pothole
Pothole
SB Santo rd in right lane , middle  Clairemont mesa Blvd is a large pothole.
Large depression in  Northbound left turn lane 3800 Murphy Canyon Rd which is a hazardous condion refer to photo.
Crazy pothole, very deep. Damaging cars! Northwest corner  Upas and 6th Street. Actually on 6th. Near south bound 6th Ave left hand turn into Balboa Park. Please help. Thank you
Multiple large & small pot holes on Camino Ruiz between miralani & jade coast going both ways on  road
Multiple potholes on Gold Coast heading east-  west side potholes were filled in last week. Why only one side   road? The entire street needs to be completely resurfaced.
Few big pot holes
Pothole
2 large potholes on Eastbound side  Camino del Rio before Mission Cy Pkwy in front  old Todai's Restaurant

2 big potholes on mira mesa blvd  westbound between parkdale and reagan road.  very hazardous to drivers
Pothole on east side  Gold Coast.
There are several large potholes in  road. I am not sure what material is being used to complete  repair but  is reoccurring problem.  The potholes are being filled in n  rain and  potholes reappear.  Maybe  road should be resurfaced.
Large pothole in  right lane, causing drivers to swerve over into  or lane to avoid 
The pothole is located on Clairemont Mesa Blvd near  Walmart/LA Fness and Chevron gas station just before  805 freeway. The date was 1/27/2017 at 21:20.  was difficult to see  pothole ahead  time at night. The car being driven was a 2012 Lexus IS250. As soon as  front passenger side went over  pothole, we heard a loud noise and driving over  was rough. As a result,  front passenger side tire blew. Pictures cannot be taken because  street is busy and can be a safety issue.
Large pothole on  Southbound lane  Illion Street, where  meets Knoxville Street.  is approximately 4 feet long, 1 foot wide, 6 to 10 inches deep.Cars coming down  hill, at  stop sign h  pretty good. Since y have to stop  reduces damage to vehicles.


Several med potholes inside lane starting from Nimz Blvd EB heading towards  Airport.  Thank you, David

This is  second major pothole in  same area that I have h. is right next to  previous pothole that was fixed after my prior case: 00124478 is located on  left side   right lane   westbound traffic.
Several potholes in right turn lane and in several lanes heading towards Hwy 8 on ramp. Thank you, David
More potholes
Street trench sinking at  corner
Big hole in intersection

Eastbound left-turn lane  Washington Street, as you're making  U-turn onto  SR 163 on-ramp.  REALLY bad one.  Just about took out my right-front wheel.  And unavoidable, too.
Potholes multiple in front  elementary school
Southbound lanes  Torrey Pines Road, approx. 1-2 blocks north  Princess St.  NOT a pothole, but a new pavement break across lane, where southbound traffic hs a mini-curb rise  6" in  pavement.  Unavoidable on that busy street.  I thought I'd h something, like a cinder block, last Sunday morning 1/29, in  dark.
Pothole
Pothole
Two large potholes near  address
Numerous potholes reported along Washington Street from Goldfinch to Albatross. Constuent describes as "trying to avoid landmines in  middle   road."
MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON UNIVERSITY BETWEEN 06TH AV AND 08TH AV
Giant pot hole wide and deep
POTHOLES HEADING EB ON W WASHINGTON BETWEEN DOVE AND ALBATROSS
Giant pot holes
Pot holes need to be fixed at  NE corner Park & Universy.    Please let me know when fixed thank you.
Middle  intersection
Head south on Camino Santa Fe and 's in  right turn lane as you turn west onto Carroll Road.
Pothole located on  left lane as Kettner approaches Sassafras.
over 7 deep potholes in both lines going up  block

  light to turn left on w Point Loma blvd.
Numerous potholes along Universy Ave from Ibis to Park Blvd. Constuent describes as "trying to avoid landmines."
Pothole
Pothole
Large potholes , can not move a wheelchair on  street at all.
2 POTHOLES SEC IFO ELLIOTT SCHOOL DAKOTA DR/CLAIREMONT DR
Giant wheel denting pothole.
POTHOLE IFO THE 7-11
Large, 5 feet by 4 feet, depression in street directly in front  7637 Angeleno Road. Looks like  can become a sinkhole wh next big storm.
deep pothole center  south bound camino ruiz
Sent from my iPhone big pot hole mission gorge   South at inter state 8  very bad damaging cars
2 ltle beauties just waing to tear up someone?s tires, or cause an accident as a driver swerves to avoid. Rancho Bernardo Road, heading east, between Pomerado Road and Cresta.
There's a huge pothole about 200 yards east  Camino Ruiz on  north side  Miramar Mesa Boulevard.
Several large square shaped potholes on La Jolla Village Dr (going East) in  right lane, next to Aventine fice building at  address. They are very hard to avoid and that part   road moves at a fairly high speed. These really need to be filled in ASAP.

Pothole right lane
Huge pothole in westbound left lane
Left lane west bound several holes on Poway Road from Spring Brook Dr to Sabre Springs Pkwy
2 POTHOLES IFO DRIVEWAY

Pot hole at  intersection
Going towards regents down slope re is a big pothole that keeps growing after every rain.
There is a dangerous, damaging pothole approx. 30 feet past  entrance to Wilkens Palms at 13970 San Pasqual Road in north county.   is right after a curve on a two lane road, wh no room to avoid  whout entering  oncoming traffic lane.
Pothole on south Balboa at mt Everest
Pothole on west Balboa at mt culebra
Potholes on genesee ave in  curb out front  jack in  box

EMERG POTHOLE CREW NEEDED PER SEWER DEP
Wow cy odf San Diego.  Over four months and se TVs are still.here.   San Diego fail
Fairly large pothole on La Jolla Village Drive, in  intersection   west-bound lane.
Large pothole in middle  Northbound Eastgate just north  Judicial Drive.
Multiple deep potholes in numerous areas
Pothole in SB lane
Giant pothole

Large pot hole, 5219 Limerick Ave, 92117.  Corner  Limerick and Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Pothole
There are SEVERAL huge potholes on San Pasqual Road near Escondido.  They are in  Cy  San Diego, but some residents may have tried to report se potholes to  Cy  Escondido.  We just had to repair a huge hole in our daughter's front passenger side tire and complete re-alignment  her vehicle because  one   large potholes on  road.  We are thankful she didn't h any oncoming traffic.  These need to be taken care  ASAP.  Thank you!
Pot hole near school crossing walk before  stop sign.
on 10180  Scripps Ranch Blvd. heading north right lane...3 deep potholes all in a row
on 10700 scripps lake drive heading west near  intersection ...large pothole
On  north bound lane
On Ainsley Road between kaplan and ainsley Court - re is a line  small holes in  middle   road
Very near  entrance to cy View Church, re is a large pothole on Phyllis Place going Eastbound towards 805
Large and deep pothole
2 foot long 1 foot wide and 1 foot deep pothole at  corner  San Ramon and Gold Coast as you enter Gold Coat heading east was only partially filled needs more asphalt to fully fill hole.
Round deep pothole in middle  intersection
Road has is crumbling is several spots and potholes are developing after recent rains. Road is on  dog park so has a lot  traffic.
W/B POTHOLES 2100-2200
Road is crumbling in several places and has potholes that developed after recent rains. This is on 28th street at  dead end to  south  Grape street. Road has a lot  traffic because   Grape street dog park.
Please repair Potholes on Golfcrest Dr. both lanes - between Mellotte and Ruane st.
Potholes need repair and also street surface.
Sinkhole appearing after  water main break.The patch that was done is already sinking deep and being dangerous to drive on.
Very large pothole on  northwest corner  Carroll Rd and Camino Santa Fe.
Basketball-size pothole on southbound Limerick
There is a sink hole forming on Pacifica Drive after a cy repair.
two in  same area
Not exactly on  precise location, but ironically I was looking in my rear mirror at  one I missed and h  one! my heart skipped two heats when I heard/felt  impact!
The exact location is in  back alley way  4626 Bancrt st. (Madison Ave and Bancrt st access)  is a manhole cover that is severly damaged and has completely falling apart from cars constantly running over  deteriorating cover
Big square hole in  middle   east bound lane  hard to dodge  one  2 feet long
Pothole
POTHOLE AT SOUTH CROSSWALK
Pothole

Large pothole in center  street..getting bigger and deeper
Water main break new asphalt is caving in/ dropping to a pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole in N-bound lane about 3'x3'
Lake Murray Boulevard at Jackson Drive norast corner Frontage Road  Lake Murray, 2 potholes, one large and one smaller but growing at  stop sign southbound to Jackson Drive
Water main break that resulted in large dangerous pothole
There are many potholes on both streets mentioned in  address and y are deep.   is difficult to drive in one lane whout hting m.  The streets also needresurfacing badly.
Hole on  NW corner Ronson Rd
Pothole alone sunset cliffs road
Potholes on  westbound lanes   Via De La Valle where framp from Interstate 5 meets.
Substantial number  potholes along Rancho Carmel Drive, especially northbound, between Provencal Place and Windcrest Lane
Square pothole in Newport Sunset Cliffs intersection.
I h a large pothole in  right, westbound lane  Governor Drive just before coming to Stadium St.  Hting  caused my left, front hubcap to come f and dented my rim.
SEVERAL POTHOLES THGROUGHOUT POWAY RD BETWEEN SPRINGHURST AND IOLA LN


The road to our apartment is damaged wh potholes and unevenness thus causing a nuisance while driving.Kindly look into  same and repair asap.Thanks
Pothole, intersection  Parkdale Ave and Flanders Drive.Thank you.
Multiple potholes at  end if Belden street and Ashford
Multiple ruts s you leave  intersection heading east on Flanders Drive at Westonhill Drive.Thank you.
This whole street is a mess? Streets are better in TJ!
Huge potholes by Santo Rd. Bent my Tim and I lost my hubcap. I'm really mad about that but furrmore I almost drove into  center divide. Someone  should fix immediately and send me a check for 300.00
Pothole in center  road
There is a huge hole in  middle lane in between  railroad tracks that is about 6-8 inches deep and if you h that hole  rattles your eyes
Two large holes in left turn lane and left lane westbound.
Entire slow lane between Ollo and Armour. North bound. thank you
Big pot hole in  middle lane on  south side  intersection.
Big pot hole, left lane on north side  intersection.
Pothole left lane
All  Midway Drive (especially right lane) and W Point Loma Blvd have terrible potholes
Sinkhole forming on  west side   median, and growing. One  2 in that stretch  Piccard.
Numerous large potholes on a very heavily trafficked street to and from sd airport. Frequently cars must travel outside marked lanes to avoid  huge potholes. Fix  street.
s hard to find asphalt between potholes on Rancho Carmel Drive
Several potholes on La Media just north  Airway
POTHOLE at light going north  burgener Blvd and clairemont drive
There was a water main break a week or so ago, and now  is turning into a SINKHOLE.  This cannot wa!
Various potholes on road
Long eroded hole in intersection
multiple potholes in southbound lanes  between Jade Coast Dr. and Miralani Dr.
Huge pot hole in  Paseo Lucido headin north before getting to Bernardo Heights parkway.  damaged my tired and I had to change my tires.Please send a crew to fix  pothole.
Two pot holes where  asphalt meets  concrete gutter in  center   road.
Pot holes up and down beagle street
Three potholes along right gutter approaching Miramar road.
pot holes up and down  street
Multiple potholes on northbound Clairemont Drive between Ute and Rappahannock
HUGE pothole going up  hill on Regents Road from  52 towards Clairemont Drive. Thanks in advance!
POTHOLE GOING WEST BOUND OVER I-805. GAVE CAR TWO FLAT TIRES.
Large hole, nb lane
Middle  road, large hole
Large hole in middle  corner, blind spot
REALLY BAD POTHOLE TRAVELING WEST BOUND. 100' FROM INTERSECTION.
Pothole at intersection  North Torrey Pines Road and Salk Instute Road (southbound, near median in left lane).
3 pot holes all right next to each or on  west bound lanes
Multiple Potholes along  east bound lanes before Lusk after Sorrento valley blvd
Numerous potholes getting bigger
Right next to temporary fence on north end  fence.
Deep pothole in right thru lane heading west on El Cajon blvd. at intersection  Texas St.
Large pothole near  center divider just before  bridge traveling SE.
Camino Del Rio South is absolutely full  potholes. Please fix m.
Multiple pot holes on C street, between 32nd&33rd. Thank you
Large pothole at  base   Illion hill, right where  hill meets  flatter road on Knoxville. Difficult to avoid and  felt like  destroyed my car.
Potholes, cracked asphalt and uneven surface
Somewhat large pothole in center  road right where road curves onto Burgener
Big pothole
Potholes in  entire section.
Large series  potholes on Milton, mostly in west bound lane. This whole road needs to be repaved, however, so paving should be  highest priory.
Right lane on  corner that turns into Mission Village Rd (near  Stadium entrance) is developing bumps and potholes. Gas Trucks use  lane daily
Potholes on  intersection  Afton Rd wh Aero Dr. Reported over and over and re is no repair. Next to open area
Going eastbound on Montezuma Rd re are several potholes on both lanes. Some  m are now very deep and dangerous for driving.  Please repair. Starting from Fairmount Ave up to Collwood Blvd
The high traffic alley is located between Ohio Street and 30th St. The entire span   alley from Lincoln Ave. to Polk Ave. is full  potholes, cracks and loose rocks and should be completely resurfaced. tempts to patch  potholes have been temporary fixes and  potholes return. Holes are so bad that I'm concerned about damage to cars.   appears that recently some large metal grates have been placed in some areas to indicate that work may be in progress?  Thanks
Mira Mesa Blvd (going West), right in front   Mira Mesa High School -> re is a pothole in  left most lane.  Please fix.  Thank you.
Asphalt bulging up & breaking apart / into a pothole
Going East on Mira Mesa Blvd, right lane -> near  intersection wh Montongo Street -> re is a pothole.  Please fix.  Thank you.
Bulging Asphalt breaking apart into a pothole
There is a pothole on a bump
Potholes along  corner all  ay to Ruffin rd
Pothole by  stoplight on Nimz. Getting bigger each day and very deep.
Numerous potholes on Vista Sorrento Parkway going south between Lusk Blvd and Directors Place.  Thank you.
Settling Manhole- trip hazard
Deep pothole in wheel path
Ran over what felt like a pretty significant pothole at  intersection  Texas and Camino Del Rio S on  east side   street.

 intersection
POTHOLES ON CHATEAU FROM DERRICK DRIVE TO MT ABERNATHY
3 all on  west side   road just passed  intersection

big pothole
Olney south  grand
Pothole
Pothole
pothole is in  middle lane on 11th Avenue (on  east side   YWCA) by  trolley tracks. I don't have a photo, just know 's re because I have learned to adapt to  on my way out  downtown.
Pothole
Potholes on Old town ave in between San Diego ave and Moore street.
Large pothole at  lim line
There are a bunch  bumbs on  road at  intersection  Moore st and Old town ave.  Please smooth  road so I dont wreak on my motorcycle
Pothole is huge
3 large potholes outside  Post Office distribution center.
2 derp potholes on Texas st south right before  5 east on ramp
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
5 South Front Street framp, LARGE pothole in right lane as you are exing  freeway.   was patched before, patch has failed.
Pothole
RH lane going south before turning onto Carroll rd
Entrance to on ramp
Please note last two request 00106984 and 00118492. I emailed f   last closed request on 1/14/2017 wh no response and I understand all  pot hole issues in San Diego but my neighbors and I have been requesting help since October 2016 and we were told in was scheduled for November 2 2016 n  was reschedule for January 13, 2017 and as  today nothing has taken place. I advise  street  Broadway and 's  short span that was never resurfaced but  or end was twice and I know y replaced pipes  second time. However from Madera to 65th 's so bad you feel like you are going f road, my tire and alignment are not good and just had m done not to long ago. This portion has public transportation that come through ir several times a day which I'm sure doesn't help. We feel kind  hopeless when you're given dates and nothing has happened. Please understand I'm not going to take pictures  that area because you come and drive  to see how bad  is. My neighbor across  street does like to drive his motorcycle because he is afraid. Can we get some kind  help? I think y might have placed a ltle tiny patch but 's already been broken up again. Thank you for your time and efforts!
Big potholes in front   burger king
There are two potholes on Pennant Way that need to be filled. One was just filled not too long ago and has returned after  rains (just before  Regents intersection). The or one is a new pothole near  mid section  Pennant Way.
Pothole
Several  potholes
La media & airway
Eastbound left hand turn lane
POTHOLE
This street has not had a upgrade in 20 yrs. One can barely drive down  stree let alone push a wheelchair.The residents are elderly you you people haven't done a single proper upgrade here. My mor is in a wheelchair and  needs to be fixed asap
There is a big pot hole almost in front  Artisan Bento shop. Located on 2505 5th Ave. San Diego, Ca, 92103. The pothole is on  corner  5th and Laurel, just before  bus stop.
LARGE POTHOLES THROUGHOUT RD
Gigantic pothole that needs to be fixed, damaged my entire rim and bent .
The street is falling apart.Please be advised that  most heavily damaged part   street is actually Del Diable Way at Penasquos Drive intersection.  Detailed in photos.  Smaller holes exist on Andorra Way.
In  corner re's a pothole
Potholes getting bigger on a downslope
large pothole as you ex business fice to hotel. caused tire damage. caller will be contacting claims fice
Southbound side just north  intersection
Potholes
Over 35 potholes on  street. 's so bad that one side   street is not drivable. Please take car  .Thank you !
Pot hole getting larger
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Large
On Montezuma Rd at Gary St.
Pothole
Pothole
The eastbound inner lane has a dangerous pothole where a asphalt patch has subsided.
On LaJolla Village Drive East bound at Hyatt ( @ Sign for Turlock etc) two large holes each approx. 2' x 3' x 3/4" deep about 3 to 5 feet apart. When parked at curb and attempting to ex in to traffic significant amounts  gravel from se holes lessen abily  car tires to grip and move into traffic safely. This gravel was thrown into  road way and missed hting a car that had stopped to let me leave.
13970 San Pasqual, Southbound Edge Road 3 foot by 2 inch deep pothole - high-speed traffic very hazardous pothole
13900 San Pascual Road, Southbound on curve middle  Lane 4 foot by 3 inch deep very hazardous pothole high-speed traffic
New pothole since Jan. rains
Pot hole large
Deep pothole on east side  Lloyd Street, approaching Baker St.
Pothole
The whole street-from Genesee to Mt. Abernathy
Pothole
Pothole in SB lanes
Street is sinking in
STREET APPEARS TO BE SINKING...
Large pot hole
Pothole at corner as you turn right from Nautilus onto Muirlands Vista Way.
"Second report.   Friars Road East Bound.  In front/parallel   TJ Maxx store.  Previous road work completed but  works left too much asphalt and when driving on road and you pass over  excess asphalt you go flying over  huge bump in  middle   road.  You can SEE where or cars have lerally bottomed out on  road - huge scratch marks on  road.  This is a SERIOUS PROBLEM!!!  There is no way to take a picture   issue.  But if a road worker drives east bound you can NOT miss .  HAZARD!!! ATTENTION**** This hazardous traffic issue IS NOT FIXED!!	I went over  very dangerous spot on Friars Road yesterday afternoon and  issue is worse ---  is NOT fixed.  I have to slam my brakes on to stop from bottoming out my car!  This is a disaster waing to happen!!!Please re-open  Service Report!!"
Large potholes occurring where water pipe broke and gravel was placed. Coming apart quickly.
This pothole is on a major street.  I ran over  pothole around 830pm.  lighting is bad in that area.  The pot hole is on Clairemont Mesa Drive, on right lane after  on ramp to  805 North, just  before going up  overpass to 805 South.  This is a huge pothole that caused an Impact Separation to  Front right side tire.  I did not realize  damage  caused to my tire until Tuesday 1/30/17 when my car washer notice that my tire had a huge bubble on  side wall.  I took  vehicle to Discount tires asap, fearful that I would have a tire blowout and an accident could incur.
Where  onramp meets  freeway
Hole growing in  middle lane about 6 inches deep
Pothole on north lane  Camino Ruiz before Jade Coast
Pothole north lane  Parkdale Ave at Gold Coast Drive.Thank you.
Potholes in north lane  Sorrento Parkway just north  Sorrento Valley Blvd.Thank you.
SEVERAL POTHOLES AROUND NAVY BASE
Pothole on north inside lane  El Camino Real after intersection near Ruth Chris Steakhouse. Thank you
 Euclid and Home Ave. by Nate's Garden Grill construction se cause hole in street consumer tripped in.
Pothole at beach parallel parking area on North Torrey Pines Road.Thank you.
Huge tire size pothole 6-8 inches deep 12" across
Potholes & large cracks on Dowling between Palomar and Vincente, esp in  evening w/ ltle lighting 's tricky to get by on foot/bike. Thank you for any help!
This pothole doesn't look that bad, but  is jarring and potentially damaging for cars wh stiff suspensions.
3 unavoidable potholes across  right turning lane on Camino Del Norte onto Camino San Bernardo
big pothole in  west bound lane.
Highwood Drive between Boulder Lake and Regner Road is ltered wh potholes. This street is adjacent to Gage Elementary.  is probably  worst road in San Carlos. The neighborhood would love to see  road repaired.
Giant pot holes in intersection
Potholes
Potholes
pothole 4"+ 1ft wide deep
The alleyway behind 3449 and 3455 Adams Avenue is very uneven wh multiple potholes throughout.  There's a potential for damage to  vehicles to  residents in  building since  pavement is raised in several places.  My car has personally had s undercarriage scraped in  past.  I am very careful driving  alley way, but those less familiar wh  may not know how to avoid  potential damage.    would be wonderful if  cy could come out and repave  alleyway.    I've included some images here for your review.
Potholes 9829 Antigua Blvd
Potholes
Three large potholes close to  bike lane
Several potholes in  left lane  westbound Rancho Bernardo Road just west   I-15N on ramp
Huge pothole on  left hand side   road close to  traffic light
One block  pothole from La Jolla Shores Road to Azul Street
The entire length  Rancho Carmel Dr. from  intersection at  Ted Williams Parkway to Carmel Mountain Rd. is badly damaged.  Both lanes, both directions.   has been in a state  disrepair for years but  recent storms have made  suation crical.  My family drives  road daily and  has become a concern as to  welfare  our vehicles.
HUGE POTHOLE Between  5N and Lebon Dr. in  far South Lane(Right Lane) heading east.   is GIGANTIC!
Pot hole in front  address
All along Via Del Campo Court from 17087 Via Del Campo Court until you get to Rancho Bernardo Road (having just passed SONY Corp on your right) -  NUMEROUS pot holes are TERRIBLE and dangerous as we SWERVE to miss m on an already-WINDY road.
The street was recently trenched, however, when  trench was filled in  was level wh  street and now  is no longer level because  has sunk causing traffic to slow and damage to vehicles.

Grass in street wh potholes
Pothole in view.   appears to have been repaired but pothole is still present.  There is a pothole on or next to where  was repaired.
pothole
Pothole heading north on Park Blvd before Inspiration
Pothole heading north on Park Blvd before overpass.
a few large potholes on  eastbound side  Mira Mesa blvd, right lane, before  intersection at Reagan Rd.
This pothole is big and deep and unavoidable for  west bond direction. I have seen numerous motorists having to change ir tire after hting  one. Also re have been near head on collisions from vehicles trying to move to  left   putting m into  oncoming lane. This road has a lot  traffic on  and  is only a matter  time until re is an accident as a result  .
potholes and east side  street floods.
The street is separating in front   address
Multiple pot holes

Pothole
POTHOLE CAUSED CAR DAMAGE
Pothole
This entire street from Carmel Mountain Road all  way to Penasquos Creek road is a disaster; especially  southbound bike lane.  There are numerous dangerous bumps in  road and  is getting worse.
Middle lane 2 pot holes
P
Multiple potholes and asphalt cracking apart.  Damaging tires
Heading east on El Cajon Blvd. just before Oregon Street
Second report  Big and deep pothole that still have not been fix in 3 weeks. Please fix!
Cluster  potholes at eastbound Geneses Ave right lane
Pot hole
Apparently our neighborhood had a waterline break last week on Pacifica Dr. The repair to  street is far from satisfactory.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Pothole
missing asphalt
Giant pothole on West Point Loma Between Temecula Street and Rialto Street
Missing Asphalt
Missing Asphalt
Missing Asphalt
Missing Asphalt
Missing Asphalt
Missing Asphalt
Really rough patchy area  holes. One in particular is THREE layers deep and about 2-3 feet across largest length. Many ors in  same block. Thank you!
POTHOLES BET 70TH & COLLEGE BOTH DIRECTIONS
Southbound headed towards OB right at seam  overpass.  is growing. Left lane, right tire location. Thank you.
Multiple potholes  block
The whole street needs to be repaved. There are too many potholes
E/B POTHOLES
POTHOLE NORTH SIDE INTERSECTION CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE
Large pothole in left lane  Carmel Valley Road eastbound approximately 100 yards before light at Camino Vistana
Pothole at  corner  Linda Vista Road and Alcala Knolls
Large pothole on Carmel Mountain Road just west  Rt 15 southbound ex ramp before light at Penasquos Drive
Pothole
Pothole
There are several potholes on 39th between Newton and National
Pothole
Pothole in  northbound #2 lane in  4900 block  Shawline St.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
multiple potholes after  rain. some very deep.
pothole onramp from la jolla to52e
Massive pothole
The whole street is a pothole
Far right lane on Genesee at Derick Drive. Cars turning right onto Derick will h  severe pothole. VERY bad pothole.
Pothole
There are at least two potholes on Parkdale Ave between Northrup Pl and Northrup Drive.
Two potholes
Regents road between east gate and executive is one BIG pothole. Construction trucks have destroyed  area. Something needs to be done about  ASAP.  There is a children's school in  area.
Potholes
on Golcrest drive from Ruane St to Tuxedo we counted around 40 potholes.  From Tuxedo to Ruane St we counted around 30 potholes.   Too many to list addresses.   y are getting bigger each trip up and down  street.     would take way to long to post  amount  pictures we would need to post, so will just explain how bad Golfcrest is getting each day.
massive 2 foot pothole in front  complex
Numerous potholes on Barnard St. from Bob St. to Chapman St.
This pothole has been in  middle   road since  fall, but  rain caused  to grow wider and deeper.  is a narrow road and re is ltle room for cars to park and to drive in both directions whout driving into  hole.
Pot hole at  corner  Oakhurst Dr and 840 Gallery Court San Diego 92114
Pothole that is 2-3ft by 10ft,  goes across  whole right hand lane.  is getting deeper and more  a edge to .  is on  west bound side  road.
 whole road  barnard is riddled wh large potholes
Several!!!!
Park at Inspiration pt. Wy
Potholes
Just before  bypass- freeway is torn up and pebbles h my car every day on my way to work. Please help
Pothole on eastbound lane.
Pothole
Pot holes several 5 ft long 1 ft deep
2 small potholes on left/middle lane.
There are two big potholes on  rightmost lane heading eastbound on Mira Mesa Blvd before reaching Reagan Road.
There is a huge pothole right in front  my house, in  center   street.  has been an inconvenience and has been damaging tires  vehicles simply passing through. Please fix  A.S.A.P.!!!
Two very large diameter potholes in  right lane  Nobel Dr. a ltle ways before Lebon Dr, heading east.
Pothole at intersection.  Corner   Jack in  Box
Large Bump and Large PotholePatch on Water Main work has become heavily damaged.... needs immediate work....
Intersection  Reagan and Mira Mesa in cross walk. Street is cracking and spiderwebbing. Near souplantation.
CARMEL VALLEY ROAD/CAMINO DEL SUR**major pot hole  // caller believes  will cause accident /
Large pothole on  right side   road... manhole size.. very deep..
There is que a number  potholes at  intersection  68th and Amherst St.  between El Cajon Blvd.  and Amherst ST which is strange because  street war repaved last year and is already falling apart!
Pothole
Lots  potholes on  road. Major travel route to local high school. Vehicles swerve into oncoming traffic to avoid potholes
Huge pothole that I h.
Very large pothole in  road.  Had to swerve to miss  and almost h anor vehicle.  I wnessed several cars h  and very concerned.
Improper blacktop job. Normally I wre a motorcycle to work on  road every day. To date, re has been metal plates in  road. Today  was blacktopped over. However,  blacktop was not even tamped down my vehicle sank into  hole and I have black top all over  bottom  my vehicle. Lucky for me I did not ride my motorcycle today,  very likely may have resulted in a motorcycle accident. Please address immediately.I have done and higher qualy work when I was working construction over  summers in high school. This is strictly poor craftsmanship. Thank you
Huge pothole. Been here for weeks!!
Deep and wide pothole. Please fix.
On Genesee cross street Derrick drive, by Jack in  Box, souast corner
Large potholes
First reported,  Report Date: 1/21/2017 7:14 PMReport Number: 00137265Report Category: PotholeReport Type: StreetsAddress: 636 Nautilus Street, La Jolla, CA, Uned StatesDescription: Dangerous, deep sunken trench across entire Eastbound lane and large deep pothole in adjacent. Severe enough to cause an accident  severely damage a vehicle. Could cause accidents when trying to avoid on  narrow street.Current Status as  February 2, 2017:This location is worse than  was originally.  A miserable attempt to fill  pothole and trench resulted in significantly raised areas and depressed areas as deep as original problem.  This is a patic attempt to repair a damaged street and need to be re-done ASAP.   presently presents a dangerous and damaging suation for drivers
Hello, There are several potholes on Northbound Park Blvd. These potholes are in  left lane before and after President's Way. I hope  area can be fixed as I work in Balboa Park and 's a pain to always have to avoid se holes. Wh all  traffic  park gets  will be a big help! Thank you for your help!

5x5 4' DEEP POTHOLE, HAZARD.
Sinkhole. Getting bigger. Need  fixed asap
Large dip in road that is worse than potholes as cars bottom out daily.  There is no reason for dip as re is no storm run f. Speed dips are not normally used in cy so if anything  should be a speed bump.
Big pothole as you are on Balboa Ave heading west as you cross over Ruffin Rd
Howard Ave. between Iowa and Ohio has not been paved in years.  All  blocks around m have but y have bee skipped.  They are very very bad.
LARGE POTHOLE, HAZARD

Multiple potholes in  intersection that are big
Pot hole on corner  Texas and Camino del Rio S.
Pot holes due to SDG&E trench work and torrential rains have created large and deep pot holes on Alvarado Canyon Road between Mission Gorge and Mission Gorge Place.  Since 's a frontage road along  8, re is que a b  traffic that travels that street.
Pothole
Trip hazard. Needs ground down  concrete.
Please fix ALL  pot holes up and down Imperial Avenue from Euclid Ave to Lemon Grove Avenue.
There are potholes all over Perseus road..... has been reported before .... whole street needs to be redone....
Many potholes
Pothole in street on 10th and B Street
POTHOLES IN THE ALLEY
Pot hole just before  56 transion
Several potholes in immediate area,  one in particular is in middle  block on Catoctin St between Art Street and 64th Street.
Large pothole after  stop sign on Jacaranda where  connects to Pershing Dr
Need hot a/c
2ft x 2ft x 1ft deep pothole east side  center line
Deep and dangerous potholes.
Multiple potholes on Flipper Drive.  Asphalt rocks pelting parked cars.  I'm continually sweeping up pieces  asphalt to lim damage to my cars and visors to my neighborhood not to mention alignment issues and tire problems.  Long standing problem that we haven't complained about in hopes  cy eventually repaving our street.  I appreciate your strong consideration regarding  matter.   Thank you and God's continued blessings for you and  cy  San Diego!
Multiple potholes on Flipper Drive.  Asphalt rocks pelting parked cars.  I'm continually sweeping up pieces  asphalt to lim damage to my cars and visors to my neighborhood not to mention alignment issues and tire problems.  Long standing problem that we haven't complained about in hopes  cy eventually repaving our street.  I appreciate your strong consideration regarding  matter.   Thank you and God's continued blessings for you and  cy  San Diego!
Entire length  Mesa Madera is covered in pot holes and cracks in  asphalt
POTHOLES
POTHOLE
TEN POTHOLES
THREE POTHOLES AFTER FWY EXIT. ONE IS EAST BOUND THE OTHER IS WEST BOUND, 40' APART.
There are over 7 pot holes on  entire steeet. 2   potholes are so deep, 1/4  my tire fs in m. This is EXTREMELY dangerous. Please fix ASAP!!!!!
This isn't  first report I've placed on  issue. I filed a report over 3 months ago and no action has been taken. There are lots  potholes from  beginning to end   street. Please fix se potholes!
S/B LA MEDIA POTHOLES
Large pothole on EB Mira Mesa Blvd before Reagan RD
Many deep potholes on  street, especially near Re Aid area. Fill se potholes. Very dangerous, lots  elderly and kids in  area.
Deep pothole in number 2 lane, west bound side  Navajo Rd. Intersection  Navajo Rd and Lake  Murray
6-10 moderate to severe Potholes (some in clusters) on 6th Ave between Laurel St and Quince St on  West Side  Balboa Park
All over  street are pot holes.
Big one in intersection.
Numerous large potholes. Whole street needs resurfacing. Broken glass here too.
Lots  large potholes on  street;  whole thing really needs to be resurfaced.
Deep pothole at base  steep hill.  A bicyclist would flip over when hting  pothole.  's hard to see until on  (downhill side).
There are THREE potholes, all on  same side   street (northbound), on Andorra Way.
Very deep, located on east bound El Cajon Blvd, just before intersection wh Arizona Street
POTHOLE, ON GOVERNOR JUST BEFORE STADIUM
Two large potholes in left lane, directly under  I-5 overpass, in  transion from I-5 north onto Hawthorne ( ex heading to Lindbergh Field. Large and deep that y jar  vehicle.
No picture due to driving. Pothole is in  #2 lane NB Regents just north  Bering intersection.
Two pot holes each side   inter section
Multiple dangerous potholes especially  2 left lanes going towards  airport. Deep and dangerous to avoid whout collision on  busy road. Bad example to  tourists.
3 large potholes (12-18 in each) in second lane from right heading north on Texas St. Immediately after crossing camino del rio south.
Potholes on Harbor Drive especially toward  airport.....multiple holes capable  causing accidents and severe car damage. Airport traffic and auto rentals are endanger most potholes can't be avoided whout causing collisions.
California Pepper Tree planted in  parkway is lifting up  street asphalt.
18"x24" pothole in westbound Balboa lane at Ruffin Rd intersection
Major pothole in  left most lane
Two large pot holes at 3777 La Jolla Village Drive near  driveway to  Aventine f  La Jolla Village
pothole, small but hazardous/ southwest corner in crosswalk, 54th Street at El Cajon Boulevard
Depression jars cars' alignment.  Needs to be leveled.  Thanks.
For years,  section  Alvarado Canyon Road has needed repairs.
Deep
POTHOLE ON SUNDANCE.
7 ft x 5 ft pothole in alleyway between 4559 34th St and 4548 Hawley Blvd in front  garages, parking spaces, and electrical post. Large chunk  older sidewalk lifted from ground.
This intersection has been in a horrible condion for  past 4 years and  has gotten much worst wh  recent rain we recently had in  area. There is huge holes bigger that 5 feet wide & 1 1/2 ft deep which makes  very unsafe to drive through. This intersection is a very busy one lots  trucks and buses in addion to cars. s a shame to see roads like  in  US .
Pothole
POTHOLE, SOUTH SIDE OF MT ETNA.
Since  recent rains re are many significant potholes on  heavily traveled Pomerado Road  east   freeway especially on  North side    road.
Pothole
Deep pot hole
Deep pot hole
8575 New Salem Street at  Rec. Center's parking lot...several potholes in  parking lot
Hello, re are several LARGE Potholes when you get f  ex from N. 805 to Miramar road.   is now in all 3 lanes.  People swerve to avoid m and after  recent rains y are worse n ever.  I'm hoping that y can get on  list to be fixed before an accident happens.
Bayside lane and Kingston
Giant, very deep pothole located at front  northbound turn lane to get on 163 N. from Washington Street. Needs immediate repair.
#1 lane, deep and dangerous.
The whole street is full  pot holes!
Pot Hole
This whole freeway is full  uneven pavement and potholes. One pothole damaged my left rear tire.  needs to be fixed asap. Possibly from 12 am to 4 am on a weekday. Less traffic and congestion.

Pothole on corner.
Big & deep pot holes at Stop sign  Bly & Wesbury.
POT HOLE 1X6

east bound
Pot hole
northbound Nimz near intersetion  Lowell/Evergreen



Pothole
several potholes up and down  street 6100 acorn st
Pothole in  right northbound lane.
Eastbound Via De La Valle, from Jimmy Durante  beneath  I-5 overcrossing eastbound  to  intersection wh  southbound I-5 framp, several major potholes, including .right at  intersection. Major potholes have opened up again
per water dept fill pothole wh asphalt 400-500 feet south  carroll canyon on camino ruiz
Pothole in Westbound lane
All Kurtz and Rosecrans is  destroyed for years now.
Many potholes at  intersection in all directions
Potholes
HOLE IN CONCRETE STREET SOMEONE FELL
Pot hole and asphalt broken and pushed up. Jagged piece  asphalt raised estate 8" - 12".
We know you guys are very busy wh pothole repair after  rains. Our street has chunks  asphalt that have come up. We know that  street is slated for undergrounding in  near future, however  potholes are getting pretty big. If you could put temporary  patches on for safety that would be great. Thank you for your help and hard work.  is appreciated
Pothole two houses from corner  Salizar and Hatton.
Driving towards Miramar rd. On left turn lane to activy rd.
This pothole is huge.   is on  East side   street right before Northrup Drive traveling south.
POTHOLE
Monster pothole in intersection  lake Murry Blvd and Navajo Rd. In west bound lanes  Navajo.l
Center  road. Closest house 3835 Caden. OUCH to rims in  dark!

One pothole entering Dusty Roads park
Huge pothole on Camino Del Norte, heading east ,just before 15 S freeway entrance

Deep pot hole close to curb
There is a huge pothole as you enter  I-805 on ramp to go Southbound from Clairmont Mesa Blvd, traveling West.  immediately bent my rim and flattened my front passenger side tire. Now I am stuck in Kearny Mesa after work, wh my 10 year old daughter left at daycare wh no one to pick her up!
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes all over  road
Two potholes one large.
Large pot hole at  4 way stop sign.
Huge pothole near  "keep clear" section
Potholes in turn lane- turning left from Nimz onto West Point Loma.
Pothole size  my head. 15 inches radius.
Pothole
There is a large pothole in  Clairemont Mesa Blvd westbound right lane about where  805 Northbound ramp is.  I was unable to avoid  pothole and  blew both right side tires.  I pulled  car over about halfway between  805 Northbound entrance ramp and  805 Southbound entrance ramp.  I had to have  car towed to Kearny Mesa Hyundai for repair.  There were no markers, warnings, or cones in  pothole.
Two large potholes
There is a huge pothole in  far right lane on  805 North just where 805 becomes  5.  is so big I fear  could cause an accident.
1' square, 4"deep
Large pot hole eastbound LJV at Lebon,far right lane on Del Sol blvd at  Twining large size brown
several potholes in  number two lane and one large in  number one lane on eastbound Miramar Road just west  Eastgate Mall Road.
2 1/2 ft wide. 6 inches deep. Middle  left turn lane re is also anor next to 
Huge potholes
Huge potholes
There are potholes in  Westbound right lane  Sports Arena Blvd at  intersection wh Kemper Street.  There are also potholes in both lanes  Eastbound Sports Arena Blvd. at  Kemper intersection.
Large pothole in  far left lane on  left side   lane. 's circumference is greater than s depth but  still could flatten a tire.
There is a large pothole on  freeway if you get on  8 Eastbound from Texas. So big  popped my tire and almost cause an accident on  freeway. I don't have a photo because 's hard to take photos on  freeway.
Multiple large potholes on Olney from  rain between grand and pacific beach drive
Large dangerous pot hole at intersection under red light.
Large dangerous pot hole in middle lane where 3 lanes merge toger.
Giant pot hole in southbound lane. For  record, I have called about  dangerous hole for weeks now.
Large potholes because   rain and  amount  semi trucks that go through here
Lots  potholes need to be repaired on  road
Huge pothole in  number 1 lane on  right hand side.
Pothole for past 5 months
Pothole at  corner
Several big pot holes
Deep hole in southbound right lane on Camino del Sur at intersection wh Carmel Valley Road. URGENT since  could cause major damage to cars!!!!!!!!!!!
Major pothole on 69th street, southbound shoulder near intersection wh mallard.
Several potholes on shawline between Ronson and Clmt Mesa Blvd.
6-12" deep pothole approximately 2 feet wide in right lane  Hancock street on  west side  Greenwood Street.
Big pothole
Large pothole, ~3x3 feet
Pothole in  left turn lane
Huge pot hole
Pot at  intersection  5th Ave and Beech Street in  westbound lane.

Street level has sunk several feet. Long standing problem.
Deep pothole in  second lane from  right
In middle
Large pothole 2 ft by 2 ft by 6 " deep in middle lane  westbound Navajo at Lake Murray.
Pothole in front  254 Rchey
Werris Creek Lane has a lot  block cracking and needs joint repair and seal badly, but more recently a few potholes have formed up and down  street.  The nearby school just sent out an e-mail to all parents encouraging m to use Werris Creek and Gable Ridge MORE to free up blocked traffic at  school parking lot, so I'd like  if  Cy could get to  before re's more deterioration
Multiple pot holes on Locust
HUGE POTHOLE AT THE 94  ON COLLEGE. CAUSED FLAT TIRE.
sunken sdge valve in middle  intersection
Anor pot hole that has bent and now broke 1  my rims. Middle  intersection going west in middle lane. I want my rims fixed  is ridiculous
Anor huge pot hole here going west in  right lane
Pot hole at Jacaranda and Pershing. Thank you,
Potholes in  seam   road as you merge onto  I8 East from Texas/Qualcomm.
Large pothole in  area caused a flat tire on my vehicle. I h  pothole during  evening when  was raining which made  difficult to see and refore unavoidable.
Southbound Brannia Blvd at  intersection  Airway Rd, re are two potholes.
  intersection  Siempre Viva Rd and Cactus Rd, re are several potholes.
Pothole start f framp
Large pothole, getting larger.
Hole
Southbound lane.  Big pothole about 2' in diameter
LOTS OF POTHOLES ON POMERADO RIGHT BEFORE WILLOW CREEK.
BIG POTHOLE ON POMERADO BETWEEN WILLOW CREEK AND SCRIPPS RANCH TRAIL
Pothole
4 pot holes on    street  that  been  re  years and  are  getting  bigger

Large pothole in  intersection on  eastbound lanes  Navajo Rd
I want to thank  street maintenance crew for getting out so quickly to patch  pothole in  crosswalk at  norast corner  Lincoln Street and Park Blvd.  An cold-rolled ATB mix was put down over  alligatored asphalt that failed from heavy bus traffic and a slink hole about eight feet (8') north to south and four feet (4') east to west, to a depth  four to eight inches (4"-8").  This was a very significant safety problem for sight impaired pedestrians and could also cause loss  control and/or damage to a vehicle.I do want to make sure that  section  heavily use street in North Park gets a properly engineered repair.  The subgrade material that washed away should be stabilized, a concrete slurry poured in and smood and n capped wh at least two inches (2')  Portland Asphalt Concrete or better.
Potholes everywhere
Pothole along right edge  northbound lane (bike/right trunk lane)
Potholes northbound Burgener at stoplight. Both lanes. Some where concrete meets asphalt.
Water coming out  street in crosswalk west side  mt. Acadia   Street appears to be sunken re
Sink hole in street.
Just as going up hill
Major pothole!
Below  5 freeway, on Hawthorn, on  far left lane re is a big pothole. Before  State street stoplight
large potholes at intersection
This hole was filled wh pebbles before  was patched. The hole full wh pebbles was left whout any sign. On  morning  Sunday January 29th as I was driving,  car in front  me drove through  hole full  pebbles. The pebbles were flying  all over  road and were hting my car. As I was right behind and was not able to escape some   pebbles punched a hole in my AC condenser causing a major damage. As a result my AC is not working and needs a replacement   condenser wh all   surrounding parts. The estimated cost is $650 wh labor. I think  is a major hazard to leave a hole in that condion. I'm really not in posion to pay that amount to fix my car.Please advise.Best,Davor
Large pothole. Entire street is deteriorating.
There are numerous potholes on Milton Street, as well as one on  intersection  August Street and Burgener Blvd.
Pothole
TWO POTHOLES IN FRONT OF UFC GYM.
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes, and rough roadway near 11395 Poway rd on Westbound and Eastbound directions  Poway rd; near intersection  Springbrook dr.
Pot hole in front  5506 Conrad Ave San Diego Ca. 92117
Pothole is where you turn from World Trade Dr onto Conference Way.
potholes on both north and south Greyling Dr in front  Jones Elementary school
Horrendous, nearly dangerous potholes & uneven road surface. Needs to be fixed immediately, could cause accidents as people's cars swerve into oncoming traffic lanes to avoid se many deep craters
1) Please fill  potholes on Limerick Ave in 1Clairemont around  cross street  Limerick Ct.  2)  please fill potholes on Limerick Ct3)  Please fill pothole on genesee and Balboa by a restaurant called Villarta
Large pothole right in center  intersection  Madra and Del Cerro Blvd
Pothole on Montezuma Ave just west  College Ave
Nb Ruffin to wb balboa, major 2' by 2' 5" deep pothole
POTHOLE IN TURN LANE AT NORTH WEST CORNER.
Two large holes where cement meets asphalt. Right past intersection on west bound Capricorn
pot hole south lanes  vista sorrento pkwy
POTHOLES S
Two large potholes at curbing  entrance driveway to Target and Costco
The blacktop over  water shut f valve has completely broken away.The blacktop is in big chunks and  hole is at least 12"wide.
Many potholes and large cracks  entire length  Klauber  Av between Scimar Dr and 69th St. from 1500 block to 1900 block. We  ride bicycles re every day and  street is now very dangerous to ride on in both directions. We can't just ride on  right-hand edge   street because   numerous potholes.
Deep pothole at that corner. I couldn't avoid due to on coming traffic . On Tuesday  week
Numerous potholes and large cracks  entire length  Eider Street between Scimar Drive and Klauber  Av ( 6300 -  6500 block). We ride our bikes re every day and  street is very dangerous to ride due to  numerous potholes and cracks.
Pothole about 1 foot in diameter and 6 inches deep by main st and siva st
POTHOLE IN #2 LANE HEADING WEST ON TORREY PINES BEFORE VIKING.
Lot  potholes
Entire road area right outside an entrance to  naval base dry side is completely riddled wh potholes. One large enough to pop one  my tires
There has been a pothole at  intersection for  past week or so, someone has been putting cones in re and now a road closed sign which is causing potential accidents. This also possibly may have cause some damage to my car.
Pothole
Huge pothole.  Sounded like my rim was going to explode when I h .
Left lane
Large pothole in  intersection  towne centre drive and la jolla village drive
Deep pothole right in front  complex in  alley.
Multiple potholes

Large but shallow pothole. The streets around Ash, Beech and Cedar where y cross 38th and Home Ave, as well as Home Ave self between  94 and  805 have been neglected for too long. There was some replacing done last year, but most   are was left untouched. PLEASE see to our cy streets!!
LARGE POTHOLES
SEVERAL POTHOLES
Southbound on Camino Ruiz between Carroll Canyon Rd and Miralini Dr. is a very deep  pothole a.k.a. axle killer.
Pothole
Large pothole in Middle lane Left side  lane must serve to miss
HOLE IN STREET FROM COX CABLE. A KID FELL IN
The full length   street is full  dangerous potholes in front  a school zone and elementary school.
Parkdale pothole
POTHOLE
Huge pothole.
Huge pothole in southbound lane.
Paseo Montril in Rancho Penasquos is in extremely poor condion.  is a main street that all  or side streets feed onto. All   side street have been completely resurfaced wh new blacktop. Paseo Montril is  only one that hasn't been resurfaced. We have been living on  street since 1977. We would appreciate immediate action on  problem. Potholes, washboard road surfaces, are tearing up our car. As longtime taxpayers, where have our taxes gone?
Very wide pothole in East bound lanes.
Pothole about a foot and a half by three quarter feet. 3 inches deep.
Pothole at rt. Side  manhole cover. Deep.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES AT THE INTESECTION.
Pot wholes everywhere
The whole alley needs resurfacing. I got a flat tire please fix  problem or I will file a claim next.
Deep pothole on  south bound lanes  Vista Sorrento and Carmel Mountain Rd
10300 Black Mountain Road ..heading north in  crosswalk several jarring potholes
Potholes all around recycling center
My sidewall  my tire was torn when I encountered a pothole on Washington St,  going west toward I-5, just west   Universy Bridge, about inline wh  Mission Hills monument, which is in front  a palm on   center island, just where  asphalt begins on  north side  that portion  Washington Street. This pothole is about 2 feet long and, at  deeper west end, about 6 inches or more in depth.  Sorry, I can't get my photos onto  se.
Giant pothole, right lane, right side. Very deep.  broke my wheel and tore  tire f my car tonight. Please fix.
Potholes on southbound Woodman before 54 freeway onramp next to apartments.
west bound on Sea World Dr., left lane, several potholes along  stretch  road that need to be filled please.
 pothole is getting bigger on Grissom St (near  corner  Narwah St & Grissom St.
Various pot holes on  street, second request
Half a dozen potholes in a cluster  averaging 1x1 foot and 4-6 inches deep. This is in  norrn crosswalk on Black Mtn Rd at Gold Coast Drive,  affects  passage  wheelchairs.
Pothole
pot ho;es everywhere on la jolla village drive and Mirmar  Take your pick  big ones eberywhere
Pot holes
Genesee between Boyd & Marked, East lane ripped almost entire length, West side has 2-3 large potholes
As you go West on Balboa and turn north on Mercury re is a huge pot holeI don't have a picture-



Pot hole in intersection
Huge pothole in  turn lane getting onto 163 from Washington.  was filled once already and  next day started to sink in again. 's just as bad as  was before.
6192526877
Multiple potholes on Clairemont Mesa rd going east and west over  805.
30"x34" sized pothole that worsens wh each rainfall.
30"x34" sized pothole that worsens wh each rainfall.
30"x34" sized pothole that worsens wh each rainfall.
Large pothole
PER CONS: 3 OR 4 POTHOLES ON ARMSTRONG NEAR BATISTA
Huge Pothole. 5-6 Inches deep and 1ft by 3ft
My reports are posted closed!! They are in no way done, completed or closed! What  heck?? CMR is in need  a full repaving. Is  cy not doing that? Just squirting pavement in some holes?? Come on! This is a sorry fix!
Still open holes! Only some  m were filled  or day. Lazy much?? This is totally unacceptable! Is  mayors answer to addressing potholes??
Pothole on Pomerado Rd  near Bernardo Heights Parkway.
Do see  being completed??i think not, I will continue to send pics until streets are completely repaved. I have lived here over 25 years and  cy has never paved  streets. Ralph's shopping center gets repaved but not our busy streets??

Pothole at intersection  Pomerado and Stone Canyon roads.

Half assed much?? This is ridiculous! The man power to do se ltle band aid repairs is going to cost  cy more over  long haul because we need REPAVED roads not se silly repairs that aren't even complete
Pothole at intersection  Hispano Dr. And Lomica.


Pothole in street, in front  driveway at 10935 Montongo St
1.Grate area where Felspar and  first alley east   ocean (across from Tower 23 Hotel) very degraded.  Trip danger.2.  600-698 Emerald St, SD 92109:  street to alley, both north & south are potholed and degraded.  Again trip hazard.  I have tripped and almost fallen severl times.  I m 84 years old, so not a good suation.  (owner at 4667 Ocean Blvd) Images0720 and 07213.  4667 Ocean Blvd. alley behind condo:  Image 0719 is an area, I believe, partly in alley right--way, and partly on north apt group garage.(I would hate for anyone to fall & break a ankle or hip on any  se.)
Multiple large pot holes
2 potholes
Large pothole

Pothole on corner.


deep and worsening pot hole right at  west side  intersection.  is a repeat problem area where  asphalt meets concrete. also on  east side  intersection anor pot hole is forming.
There are several mid sized potholes in  eastbound direction before shoal creek road.


Pothole deep.  Please forward to Caltrans if  isn't yours

These are HUGE.  Please escalate
Numerous potholes, street disintegrating
Pothole in SB lanes





Medium size pothole in  left side   #2 lane
Pothole in  middle   street and several or small ones.
Deep potentially dangerous pothole
Potholes
Pot hole southbound Tambor @ Tierrasanta Blvd
Pothole eastbound Tierrasanta Blvd turning south on Talbot rd
Pothole on westbound side  Carmel mountain road
Pothole
Pothole on  south bound lane

Pothole at intersection  Villa La Jolla and Morning Way, south bound side
Pothole
Large pothole on Nimz blvd.
Pothole
Huge crater potholes resulting in two flat tires!!!
TWO LARGE POTHOLES
Pot hole at  intersection.
Pot hole
This street is absolutely horrible!
Potholes

large pothole in right lane


Going north near map marker...not at  address.  THANKS FOR FIXING.  Great webse for cizen reporting!
There are so many potholes in  street. You have to drive close to  curb to avoid most  m but re are so many  is inevable that you still have to drive over some  m.
Pothole on highway 5 southbound ex to La Jolla Villages
Entire street is crumbling badly
Pothole at intersection  Jacaranda Place and Pershing Drive. Heading south on Jacaranda Pl. as you're about to turn right on Pershing Dr.
Deep pothole on right side  westbound Carmel Mtn. Rd.
Potholes at  intersection.
Potholes at  intersection.

Large gnarly pothole. Going to cause damage!
Barnard Street is baaaaaaad!So many potholes... I stopped counting after 25.  seems like  street is simply covered in holes and re is more potholes than Street hahaha... ( not joking though ! ) I appreciate your consideration  looking into  suation.
Pot hole on right hand side  road.  has a plate  lifting
A weird giant knob on  west side   road nearly 12 inches high
Pothole in middle  intersection
Numerous potholes.
Pothole
Pothole
Side  road crumbling. Cycling unsafe
Pothole
Pothole
Multiple shallow potholes
Pothole in intersection. There  two here

Pothole
HAZARDOUS POTHOLE NORTH OF THE INTERSECTION.
Deep pothole
South direction
Several potholes before and after  light
Going Eastbound at Alvarado Rd, re is a big Pothole right smack in  middle   lane. You cannot avoid  due to narrow lane and parked cars on  shoulder. Needs to be fixed please.
Bad fixed road. Sinking over 1 foot deep now!!  Please help fix asap!  Already damaged my car!
Pothole
Potholes

Multiple potholes on  corner  LJ Scenic South near Rutgers Road. They are on  corner  LJ Scenic as  turns left toward LJ Mesa...5900 block  LJ Scenic.
8929 Covina Street ...large pothole
There is a large pothole in  right Southbound lane  Camino Ruiz, midway between Carroll Canyon Road and Miralani Drive.
9900 to10170  Camino Ruiz  so many potholes on both sides  street...'s really unsafe
Potholes
Two potholes on La Jolla Village Drive just east  Hwy 5.
HUGE POTHOLE
holes in  street
holes in  street
holes in street
holes in street

This is called fixed?? Come on! I want my tax dollars paying for NEW pavement!!!


Need repair
This whole section   road is essentially a pothole.  There are some localized areas that are really bad, but he whole segment is bad.
Few deep potholes on Locust Stbetween Newell St & Macaulay St.
Southbound Florida, just south  El Cajon, in  crosswalk. Two large potholes. You were just out here last week and filled , but back worse  time.
Federal f  94W all  way down to Federal and 54th.54th Federal doing in both directions north and south to Imperial north to Universy.54th/Piroette  red light heading west into our neighboris terrible All se streets are terrible for  cars not to mention could be life and death if you h one   pot holes wrong.
Large pothole in  middle   street.
Pothole in westbound lane
Numerous potholes all along Rhoades road between dissinger ave and parkside ave.
2 very large pot holes
Two 15" to 20" potholes and AC paving failing where AC meets concrete road paving.  Many cars drive on wrong side  road to avoid.
Potholes on whole street
Numerous potholes heading east on W Pt Loma before Nimz
Potholes on west bound LA Jolla village dr
Pothole heading east on W Pt Loma before Rialto
Pothole
Pot holes
Broken concrete around manhole cover.
Pothole in Middle  Intersection  Sports Arena Blvd and Rosecrans
Large pothole at  transional stretch  road from Milton to Burgener Blvd.
A few potholes on  road have been filled whin  last few day but re is still one on  left side   right line. Due to people coming around  bend quickly,  causes many drivers to swerve around  sometimes coming into  left lane. The larger issue is not car damage due to  hole, rar people swerving to avoid .
Pothole/trench wh transion from Illion Street concrete hill to asphalt  Knoxville Street
In  dip
Several potholes on Goldcrest Dr between Tuxedo and Ruane
 section  tommy dr between Bolder lake and Bisby Lake is all potholes running down  middle   street.
Both lanes going EASTBOUND are covered in Potholes, one  m already very deep to cause vehicle damage. Please repair. The entire stretch from Fairmount Ave to Collwood Blvd is in bad shape  potholes. Need your help please.
Somewhat completed pothole repair.    looks like  pothole was attempted to be repairs but ever you ran out  material, didn't flatten  out, or you left a semi pothole not repaired.  I live in Smart Corner so everyday that I am in  middle lane I have to steer left or right to not "h ".


Multiple pot holes.





Pothole going north by  sidewalk




Pothole on right side  road near gutter.
Many on street
Large pothole in  right lane, between I-15 and Penasquos Drive (heading west from I-15 on Carmel Mountain Road toward Pensaquos Drive) -- before  right turning lane begins.   is near  Karlan Hotel.   is about 1-2 feet around and 3-5 inches deep.   Please fill ASAP!  This is my second request.  The first request incorrectly said  was fixed, however  pothole is still re!  Thanks!
Pothole in front  house in  middle   street
This stretch  Road has been greatly affected by  recent rains, and existing street damage/issues has gotten worse.  There have been numerous complaints  week re:  condion  Sorrento Valley Road potholes and road condions between 11300 and 11700 Sorrento Valley Road.
Full street need resurfaced
Pothole in street crossroads Park blvd and Madison


On WB Grand Ave....
Huge pothole after getting onto 5 south at La Jolla village drive from west bound!!! No doubt that  is doing damage to vehicles' tires and throwing alignment out. Just went over  hole and  is rar  large.
BAD POTHOLE
Pothole westbound balboa
LARGE HOLE IN MIDDLE OF INTERSECTION. LOOKS LIKE PATCHWORK CAVED IN. 2 FT WIDE AT LEAST 2 FT DEEP.
This only  tip   ice berg on  street!  We have potholes that are 5 and 6 inches deep!! This is  only street in our area that hasn't been repaved.  was supposed to have been repaved in 2016.
Potholes galore
Multiple potholes from A 16 store to south 1000'
Multiple potholes on eastbound La Jolla Village Drive rightmost lane.
Deep pothole w/paint so we can see  pothole as well as damaging our cars when  wheel goes in !
POTHOLE E/B
Several on Home Ave between Fairmount and Euclid
Near fuddruckers
15 south freeway ramp pothole in left lane. Close to  entrance   freeway.
2 very large potholes , heading east  after exing I 5.
west side  mission blvd from  intersection  thomas st to oliver st. re are numerous potholes and road deterioration.
Potholes on  north side   intersection  Garrison St and Liggett Dr.
Potholes in both directions between 3600 and 3652 Garrison St.
Potholes running  length  Home Avenue from Euclid to Fairmont. There is a crack in  asphalt running most   way and  potholes are getting worse by  day
Potholes in  westbound #2 lane in  2700 block  Midway Dr.
Potholes in  3500 block  Kenyon St.
Large pothole in center  northbound lane.
Pothole really bad for cyclists coming down  Texas hill
Potholes between 1840 and 1844 Sheridan Ave.
Recent asphalt work is coming apart. The asphalt was relaid 1-2 years ago, and  is falling apart very fast. Thanks!
Pothole at 4082 St James Place.
Potholes in  3900-3999 blocks  Alameda Dr.
Potholes on  south side   intersection  Arista Dr and Fort Stockton Dr.
Potholes in  4300-4399 blocks  Trias St.
Pothole in  southbound #2 lane at 1790 West Washington St.
About 4 potholes in and around  area.
Pothole at  intersection, might be confused wh dinosaur footprint
Pothole in  intersection at  "T"  Lakehurst & Pocahontas
Tremendous series  deep potholes right at  merge onto 8E from Texas. Asphalt is very darkMaking  potholes very hard to see!
Pothole on corner  south bound 163 ex to 6th Ave turning onto Universy Ave west.
Several wide and shallow potholes on NB side  park blvd. One more after crossing President's Way.
several pot holes are found as I drive down hill on Zion.
A loy  deep pot holes are found as soon as yhis road entered to go towards AlliedGardens. Thanks.
Some deep pot holes are found on  left  hand lane ciming from Mission Valley. Thanks.
Asphalt gap N. Bound
Multiple potholes On 68th Street between Amherst and El Cajon Boulevard
Potholes
Pothole
REPAVING NEEDED!!!!
This is where I just about twist my ankle every day running!!! Come on,  is lame. These are my tax dollars at work??
Two big Pothole
 east bound lanes at intersection (east side) and all  way up  hill to Lusk blvd.
 intersection
On east bound Lane
Group  deep pot holes
PER CUSTOMER THE STREET IS IN VERY BAD CONDITION. MULTIPLE POTHOLES.
Growing potholes in middle  street in front  4801/4802 Mt. Bigelow Dr. San Diego, CA 92111
SUNKEN STREET
Nice sized pothole ready to wreck havoc on vehicles, motorcyclists, and people.
Potholes in intersection and eastbound all  way to  15.
at Harbor drive and pacific highway. (NEAR STATED ADDRESS) NOTE: East bound harbor drive left turn lane onto PCH.Hole in  street near center lane median is a deep holethat shows  wiring under  asphalt that controls  traffic signals / when cars roll over  sensor wire. comprede ?
POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
10 x16 pot hole
Large Pothole in right lane, gave me a flat tire  morning,

Bad pothole.  Left lane under I 8, northbound.


Three large potholes between freeway f ramp and I-5 overpass bridge. Northbound.

following road work last year, we are left wh several significant potholes, that worsened greatly after  last rains. On in particular right in front is right in  tire path   road.  Please assist
One pothole fixed but rest   area next to  has more to be fixed.
Pothole in middle  street
POTHOLES ON MILTON FROM ILLION TO BURGENER
There are 2 really big and deep pot holes between Parkdale and Cam Ruiz going towards  15.
Really big piece  loose asplhalt in street. Please fix asap.  is a hazard to  public .
POTHOLE IN STREET  CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE INTERSECTION IN THE WEST BOUND LANE OF MURRY RIDGE RD.
West bound lane has potholes
Potholes in  westbound lanes
Potholes in  westbound lane
potholes in  westbound lane
Pot hole
Several large  pot holes in front  4620 Alvarado Canyon Road . Holes are large  enough to cause damage to vehicle tires or cause a motorcyclist to crash. I have employees that ride to work on motorcycles daily on  area. I'm concerned for ir safety
Small but deep pothole
4 pothole
Underneath  overpass  W. Hawthorne are two or three huge potholes that I have h!  They are deep and really bad!
Several potholes west bound lane
Two potholes in right eastbound lane
Terrible intersection
right in front  my address 8889 shaula way;  50 inch long, 8 inch wide 2-3 inches deep section  surface gone. Similar section missing next door as well.  Thanks
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole located in middle  road at  intersection  La Jolla Village Drive and Towne Center Drive
Pothole on right lane - north direction, approximately 75-100 feet from Prospect.Been an issue before, concrete is showing up from asphalt.

Large pot holes going west on convoy
Far right lane on Nimz. 12 inches deep.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole

Pothole
Pothole
There are multiple potholes that need to be repaired when heading east on Balboa Ave. between Morrell St. & Noyes St.
My alley directly behind my building at 4417 Mcclintock Street needs desperately to be redone I  have owned  property 20 Years My Alley is tore up ,I  keep  area nice pain over all  graffi to deter crime, homeless ,etc .  I see all over town especially Northpark South Park and E. 40th St. everything is getting done every thing looks nice. I would like to get a better clientele and better rents in my building but  area looks like  ghetto can you please put  on top priory to do  alley thank you
Hole and more from middle  street to sidewalk.
3rd time reported in past year.   Road is realllllllyyyy bad at  rd on  gas station side.
Two pot holes
Twwo pot holes
Strange mysterious wire sticking out  median, concrete is also partially pushed up
Large very deep pothole
There are many pot-holes on  well-traveled winding road;  needs paving.
Very deep dangerous potholes on North Balboa from Genesse Dr.   West to Clairemont DT( by  High School ).    is such a busy street that  is impossible to avoid m. The worst/ biggest and deepedst are closest to  intersections, both Clairemont   Drive and Gennessee.  has always been bad,  but since  heavy rains y are much deeper.
Several DEEP potholes about 100 to 200 ft west   on ramp stop light on Camino Del Norte (east bound) West   I15.
Multiple potholes
New potholes
Pothole
Numerous DEEP potholes east bound Mira Mesa Blvd east  Black Mtn Rd east to  I15. Portions   road are in very bad shape!!
POTHOLE #2 LANE ON MIRA MESA BL, CAUSED DAMAGE TO TIRES.
Pothole developing in right most lane near  top   grade about half way between  I15 and Carmel Mtn Rd.  Sadly, Carmel Mtn Road too that was just resurface about 4 years ago South   Camino Del Norte  is already developing several potholes.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Several large pot holes on West Point Lone Ave between Ebers St and Nimz
Pothole
LARGE POTHOLE IN THE MIDDLE OF INTERSECTION
Large pothole
TWO POTHOLES ON THE WEST SIDE OF INTERSECTION
ON STALMER BETWEEN ASHFORD & LINDA VISTA RD
NB Soledad Mtn Rd at intersection
Middle  street just east  intersection wh Cass

In between San Fernando & San Elijo St, on Kellogg St.
Right tire
Large pothole, near bus stop
There is a large pothole and narrow area about 50 ft along  curb where  asphalt paving has deteriorated and stays filled wh trash and water.  I recognize that  Cy has many potholes and or street repaving priories, but  is a nice area and my streetside curb area is  only one that has deteriorated so badly.  Please try to work  problem when you have a crew in  area  north La Jolla.
The road behind 3455 Adams Ave  is outrageous. There are no less than 10 potholes, many  m several inches deep. There are also huge bulges in  asphalt. I know  several neighbors who have already complained. The cy came out some time last year and fixed some but not all which makes absolutely no sense. 's right next to a school and a church which makes  even more  a hazard.
Pothole
POTHOLES ALONG 5800 BLOCK OF WARD RD. S/B
POTHOLES ALONG CONVOY ST IN BOTH DIRECTIONS BTWN KEARNY MESA RD. & AERO DR.
Pair  deep ones
One more wherl breaker
There are two huge potholes before you get to  State Street light after you ex  5 North fwy.   is in  far left lane.
Collapse meter.
hole in  st.
HOLE
2 Potholes
Huge Pothole my axle  my car almost got stuck in  hole, 's HUGE!Please fill !!The pot hole is in front   Address.
asphalt here is basically spiderweb cracks. Rain made a few potholes around  address. The whole road could use new asphalt.
1425 Torrey Pines Rd east bound.  Slow lane.  3" shape  a flat watermelon.
On Torrey Pines Road.  fast lane east bound.  100 feet before 52 east on-ramp.  3" deep, shape  a basketball.
1020 Universy Ave going west, slow lane.  100 feet before 10th ave.  3" shape  a loaf  bread.
Pothole on Alvarado Road. As you approach  Alvarado Apartments coming down Alvarado street coming from  west, re is one major pothole about a quarter mile after you turn f from  college area, and various or ones among that road that make for a very dangerous suation.
Big potholeright outside Del sol apartment entrance on cy street.
Multiple potholes
The far right lane and middle land on  15 south right under  market street ex has concert sticking out   road and makes a big dip
Multiple deep potholes on  SW side   intersection   Florida St & El Cajon Blvd.
Potholes 5300 north bound
Heading N on Park Blvd turning left (semi U Turn) onto Normal St re are 2 medium potholes in  lane. 's kind  in  middle   intersection  El Cajon Blvd / Park Blvd / Normal St.
Potholes by  gas station entrance
A couple  large potholes
Pothole
Large potholes right after trading tracks when you are about to turn right on harbor drive
The street is really bad
This one is bad
Huge hole on  floor looks like  cement broke down.
Multiple holes
Pothole at intersection  Pocahontas Ct and Pocahontas Ave
There are a couple  huge pot holes.
Going westbound on Aero Dr pothole on  right lane please repair.
Multiple pot holes one large
In  corner  cam. De la costa & va del norte potholes
Pot holes
very deep pothole at  intersection  evergreen and Nimz on  right hand side right near  light.  This pothole has been here for nearly a month now and is probably one   deepest I have seen I cy so far.
Pot hole
Huge pothole
Large pothole
Very deep pothole middle  road.
Large pothole on  right hand side   onramp lane
N/B ON LA JOLLA VILLAGE, 2 POTHOLES, CAUSED DAMAGE TO TIRE & RIM
LOTS OF POTHOLES IN HER STREET HAVE CAUSED DAMAGE TO HER VEHICLE
Southbound. Right lane. Deep pothole in  middle   lane (slightly to  left   lane center)
Sour-bound. Right lane. Deep pothole in  middle   lane
Southbound. right lane. several smaller potholes one following anor
Major pothole along wh several or smaller potholes urgently needs to be filled.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole in intersection
Multiple potholes on Alvarado road from recent storms.
While travelling North bound on Cabrillo Memorial Drive right before  gate and  Navy Federal Cred Union, nearest a speed lim sign, re is a large indentation in  road.  I do not see broken asphalt but  seems  is getting deeper.  Just concerned since we have had our share  sink holes in San Diego.  I travel  road every afternoon after I get out  work.  This was reported to Caltrans and y said to report  to  cy.
Right hand lane (headed East) on La Jolla Village Dr. before Lebon Dr.
Potholes
Huge pothole south bound on illion at  stop. Huge. I ran over i thought  broke my tahoe.  s huge please fix right away
In middle  intersection  Carmel Mtn Rd/Trotter/Amberglades.
Deep Pothole on Qualcomm headed south just before  light at Camino Del Rio N.
POTHOLE, JUST BEFORE I-52
Intersection  La Jolla Scenic Dr South and Rutgers Rd.a few potholes deep and chewed up after  rain.thank you
Starting from Ava street and 4th street going west towards Euclid Ave re are 3-4  major Pot holes.
Pot holes in  alley
There is an ever widening and deeper pothole at  intersection  Blue Lake Ave & Lake Badin which is  define driving hazard
This issue is a very large pothole that a car cannot straddle. 4-6 inches in depth.  is adjacent to a light pole. Thanks for any attention to getting  filled in.  is major!
Various pothole around here
This is a reoccurring pothole on  transion road from westbound Aldine Dr to Fairmount Ave.  jarred my truck pretty badly, probably need an alignment now. Thank you for your help.
As you ex  post fice parking lot re is a very large pothole
Big pot hole in front  garage I have tripped in  getting in an out  car I'm 78 am not that nimble any more
pothole in front  my garage in  alley  PLEASE I AM DISABLED AND THIS IS VERY DIFFICULT FOR ME.
Pothole
All traffic is diverted to a single lane due to construction and re is a significant Pothole in  lane. The area has been highlighted wh bright spray paint for a while however  has not been fixed.
Pothole
cluster  potholes at corner  Berryknoll Street and Tyrolean in Mira Mesa, 92126
This entire street is a dang nightmare.
Pothole
Pot hole in cross walk on onramp to Nimz Blvd
This pothole needs fixing.
POTHOLE IN INTERSECTION
Numerous potholes at curve - Aldine Dr. on-ramp to Fairmount Ave. north.
Potholes in intersection
Potholes in intersection
Potholes in intersection
Potholes adjacent to manhole cover
LARGE POTHOLE WITH DIP
Two large potholes right lane, very deep
at main street and YAMA STREET...NEAR i-5 freeway re are potholes
Pot hole on f ramp from I5
Entire street cracks.  Getting worse.

Entire street
Pot before   entrance to  ramp
Holes spreading and breaking down.
Bad hole getting bigger
BigHole
Fix Repair
coming from 5 south freeway, taking Hawthorn St. ex ,  leftmost lane has several deep potholes that could really damage your tires.
Hole
Holes
Off ramp  south 5
Huge pothole was repaired a couple  weeks ago and now has sunk. My car h  pot hole hard, please repair asap.
Huge pothole in middle  street at 3502 and 3536 Dupont and around corner in Gage Dr asphalt needs repaired by driveway.Dupont St. really needs a complete redo
3 potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Huge pothole, multiple potholes going north on Covoy up to Balboa Ave.
LARGE POTHOLES
A lot  holes all along.
Many potholes in a place I cannot photograph whout endangering my life!  The railroad tracks an streets between Mira Mesa Blvd., and  on and f ramps   I-5.
Middle  North bound lane. There are three wh more on  way
There are two large potholes on  eastbound side  La Jolla Village Drive right in front   Hyatt Regency, before  Lebon Dr intersection
POTHOLES ON ALVARADO, FROM RESERVOIR TO 70TH ST
Eastbound Harbor Drive, left lane, multiple potholes before and after Laning. Driving norast re are three before Laning and two after. The address listed is approximate; se are actually on Harbor Drive.

Multiple potholes on southbound Camino del Rio West right at  intersection wh Sports Arena Blvd.. The potholes are in  middle   intersection in  left lane  southbound Camino del Rio West. The address listed is approximate.
Pothole in  left lane  westbound Washington St., halfway between Albatross and Front St. The address listed is approximate.
Road patch has failed, long deep pothole..  West Bound lane  Balboa Avenue, just before drive way to  address. You will see re is que a few that have opened up in that block. This one is  worst.  is a strut buster.
Pothole in  left lane  southbound Catalina Blvd. at  intersection wh Canon St.  The address listed is approximate.
Three potholes on eastbound Dupont St. between Albion and Gage. The address listed is approximate.
Pothole
Pothole
Next to 7-Eleven going southbound. Reported for several days now
There is a sunken utily vault on  southwest corner right at  point  curb return.  Wheelchairs have gotten stuck in  depression as  is right in front  a curb ramp.  Please fix as soon as possible as  is a highly travelled pedestrian corridor-eateries, parking lots, apartments, businesses, etc.
Huge pothole on road
Potholes everywhere on Gilman Drive.

Gigantic pothole at  intersection Rosecrans and Midway.  I can't upload an image because my alignment is NOW screwed up!

Big pothole on Iris Avenue by Beyer Blvd
Robusto Road leading on to Orozco Road is  equivalent  driving on  moon. Craters everywhere. Thanks in advance for all your hard work in fixing up  infrastructure  our Cy!
Large potholes in intersection  Raejean and Murray Ridge Road
Large pot hole
Pothole
Huge potholes eastbound
LARGE DEEP POTHOLE, HAZARD
Multiple potholes and road cracks
Multiple *HUGE* potholes in  left lane on W Hawthorn St under  I-5 overpass.
Que a few potholes in intersection.
4 SMALL POTHOLES N/B ON GOLFCREST DR. BTWN TUXEDO RD. & MONTE VERDE DR.
2 pot holes whin feet  each or. Had anor report  a pot hole in  same street a few days ago.
Pothole in intersection
Giant pothole in  middle  crosswalk. Over 1 feet across and 6 inches deep. Would be a dangerous walking hazard for pedestrians.
Potholes Mira Mesa Blvd to Miramar rd
2 very deep potholes in  far right lane
Potholes along  far right lane
Middle  road
Intersection  bob and worden street

Large potholes on  corner  Clairemont Mesa Blvd. And Limerick AVE.  In front   crosswalk, headed west.
Many large potholes going east on La Jolla village drive
Pot holes at crosswalk/stop signs on Conrad AVE
Starting at Aero and Convoy north and south to Clairmont Mesa Blvd. Numerous pot holes, need repair
My 90 year old mor lives independently at 4261 Ltlefield.  Every week she takes her trash out and brings  back in.  There are numerous potholes in front  her driveway.   is an accident waing to happen.  I consider  a serious problem and one that I would appreciate immediate maintenance for her safety.Thank you, Rosemary Doyle Rodman
Multiple potholes on Carroll Road between Miramar Rd and Camino Santa Fe.
I was driving in  right lane on Saturday night to go to Burlington Coat Factory to pick up a friend from work 15 minutes to 8:00pm and I notice that my right front tire h a pothole. I didn't think nothing   until I started hearing my tire flopping. I tried to go to  gas station near by to put air in my tire but that didn't work. The only choice I had was to park  at a near by friend's house. My friend asked some coworker's if y had a spare tire. They didn't. I had to wa until  next day (Sunday), to see if he could helped me get a tire. Anor friend and I went to get  spare tire from J & M Tire Shop on 28th and National Ave in San Diego. We purchased  tire from  mechanic (Oscar) for $45.00. My friend she took me to buy  new tire, n  we drove back  wh anor friend following us to  location where  car was parked at, so he could put  new tire on  car.
Several weeks ago I reported potholes from  2700 block  Morningside to  2900 block  Morningside. I recieved an E-Mail that work had been completed and that report had been closed. One pothole was filled in front  my parents home (2965 Morningside). The rest   potholes were left untouched. Morningside has not received any repair in approximately 15 years and from 2700 to 2900 block is completely crumbling. I am uploading photos for your perusal and  hopefully will make  determination that more than one pothole need's to be filled. Thank you in advance for your prompt attention to  long endured disaster.
Pothole in  westbound #1 lane  Sea World Dr just west   West Mission Bay interchange.
About 3 inches deep, one foot square
Pothole on gateway dr at home ave
Pot hole is getting bigger 2 nd time posting
several  deep potholes at driveway entrance
Large pot hole
In between Campanile Dr. and 55th St. - and also between Montezuma Rd. and Mary Lane Dr. - is an alley way wh a very unpleasant road. Almost entirely, from start to finish, re is a collection  cracks and bumps along  alley way which make driving condions almost as bad as if you were on a dirt road.
If turning right from Noyes onto west bound Garnet, HUGE DEEP pothole. Dangerous.
There are potholes all over ZAPATA AVE, KELOWNA Rd, and CAMINO RUIZ. COUNTESS Potholes.
About 4 huge potholes on north side  back street leading to alley south  Adams and west  Kensington  Drive that ALL residents use.  will ruin tires soon! Very deep and large!! Behind Ken Club/Ken Video. Huge nucience !
For  love  God  are you ever going to fix  pothole on  left lane going north on Fairmount Ave right below  I -8 freeway?
Entire street is full  potholes in  middle from corner to corner
Can you please smooth out  section were Dubonnet St meets wh Afton Rd? Chunks  asphalt have come out and Afton ss higher than Dubonnet St.
Pot holes prior to entrance to  54 on ramp need repair please.
Hole at dip
Pothole
Pothole at corner  Carnegie Street and Scripps Street in Universy Cy, San Diego has been here for over 1-2 months. Getting bigger. Please fix. Thx.
4 ft sink hole forming on  access rd to Mts loading docks  f  imperial contact Alan 619-454-7085.
Multiple potholes
Hole
Big pothole! Near stop signal sign.
Aldine Drive from Van Dyke to Fairmount is uneven surface  entire stretch  roadway. 1" asphalt resurface from a few years ago is peeling away resulting in a roadway surface that drives like gravel.
The Entire street  Hughes needs to be repaired. 2 blocks long.
Right lane
Pot hole in intersection 2 feet in diameter
Few potholes in right lanes
Entire Street in alligatored
Pot holes on both main intersections   street. Lots  areas aligatored
Multiple potholes on Owen st which is heavily traveled by people going to SWYC.
There is a stretch  about 2 to 3 football lengths from  125 on ramp east on Otay Mesa Rd. that is riddled wh Potholes, crevices, cracks and missing painted lines.  is terrible.

Pot hole on  east side
Entire street fans failed
There is a huge pot hole at  intersection WB Friars and Qualcomm Way. The pot hole repair that was done 3 weeks ago has opened up again. A permanent repair is needed.
Potholes
There is a huge pot hole in  middle lane   intersection.   is located on  SB lane  Qualcomm Way  between Camina De la Reina and Camina Del Rio South.Please fix ASAP.
Second report on  long standing hole. Trash trucks making  progressively worse. You were unable to find  1st time. Use street address not lat. and  long.
Pot hole wh asphalt chunks , cars serving to avoid Mesa College dr from west to east just before  805.
Many potholes and broken pavement in alley between 32nd and Bancrt, just south  Adams. The whole alley should be repaved. Thanks!
There still is a large dip on WB Friars covering 2   3 lanes.  A repair was made a month or 2 ago...but  dip is still significant.  This may cause a very bad accident to unsuspecting drivers who h  dip going too fast. Please address  issue before someone looses control  ir vehicle.
Monument cover missing caused hole need to place patch no covers are available to replace.
There are 2 huge potholes (about 3 feet big) in  right hand lane heading east bound from  I-5.
There is a pothole in  middle   intersection. More specifically when you're making a left turn from La Jolla Village Dr, to Towne Center Dr.
road leading into cul-de-sac here full  cracks and potholes.
Pothole on Vermont right on  north side  Universy Ave (3800 block)
Two very large potholes
3rd report. Not being fixed but says case closed?
Pothole in vehicle drive path, just north  crosswalk in  southbound lane.
Pothole
Deep pothole as you turn right while heading south on La Jolla Scenic Dr. S at  Rutgers Rd intersection. I h  while driving at night and thought  was going to cause serious damage to my car!!!
Huge pothole forming. Approximate location. I h  at 5:30am and again s messing up my tires.
Huge pothole. Approximate location in  intersection. I h  at 5:25am and again s messing up my tires. I'm going to send you  bill as I now have a bubble on my left tire. If  bubble pops, my tire will blow out.
Pothole
Pothole at corner. Second request. Crew repaired a small hole at  curb across  street but not  large pothole at  southwest corner   intersection  Plaza Dolores and PaseoDeVerano
East bound in intersection
Big pothole on left lane  Rancho Mission Rd.
Gigantic pothole! Tire blowing, wheel bending, deep. 's on  left side as you ex to la Jolla Village Drive southbound.
Numerous pot holes at  intersection  La Playa Avenue and Jewell Street.  Also, pot holes whin 500 ft north   intersection  La Playa Avenue and Jewell Street on  south bound side   street.  Please repair.  Repairs will be greatly appreciated.  Thank you.
Honestly,  looks more like a sinkhole than just a pothole. 's on  very edge  where  blacktop meets  concrete curb and 's probably over a foot deep but full  water. The blacktop is caving in around  so 's hard to tell how wide  really is under re. Neighbors have put a blue recycling been re probably so cars don't drive over  and fall in.

Many potholes parallel to cyclists path
Pot hole  middle lane eastbound also 5504 right lane west .
Pothole
Numerous potholes in  intersection and in  area
Deep pot hole 1x8 right lane  convoy left and right across from 3810 and 4420.
There's a pothole in  right turn lane from westbound Carmel Valley Rd to Winecreek Rd.
Potholes galore
Large pot hole on  east bound lane near east side   intersection  West Point Loma and Temecula street.
Three deep potholes
On eb Robinson Ave....
Pothole
There are at least 20 potholes on  stretch  road, Carrol Road between Canmino Santa Fe and Miramar. 's so dangerous to drive, everyone just swerves in  or lanes to avoid all  potholes -  needs immediate attention, someone is going to get killed on  stretch  road.
Multiple in  far left lane beneath overpass
LARGE POTHOLES IN ST GOING WB
LARGE POTHOLE, ON SOUTHSIDE
Multi pot hole
Along La Jolla village drive re is a huge pot hole that needs patched. A lot  our customers and employees had been complaining about  pothole. We would appreciate  if  could be patched.  is right by our main signage along La Jolla village drive.
Intersection  Sunset Cliffs & Voltaire
Pothole
I saw that a patch was done at  corner  Florida Street and Robinson shortly after being reported, but NOT  two at El Cajon Blvd. and Florida.
In addion, re is a large pothole at  intersection  Del Cerro Blvd. and Madra Ave. as you make a left turn onto Madra Ave. to proceed north.
I would like to report a significant number  potholes on northbound side  College Ave. between Hwy 8 and Del Cerro Blvd.
Miramar Road is really bad wh pot holes and long break lines in black top east  805 to I-15 on both east and west bound lanes.  Still no resurfing  Del Mar Heights Road between Hartfield east pas TPHS???   Still
Montezuma Road at College Avenue northwest corner pothole in crosswalk
4  deep potholes in  7900 block  Brookhaven Toad.
LARGE POTHOLE
There are several very large and deep potholes on Clairemont Mesa Blvd., especially in  right hand lane going west after  805.  is difficult to maneuver around one or two whout landing in anor, especially at night where re is not a lot  light.
There are several really large and deep / dangerous potholes along Appleton in between Cole & Genesee Ave and a very large one at  intersection that will surely cause some damage to cars or bicyclists. I have no pictures but y were still re as  today, 2/8. Thank you.
In Eastbound leftmost lane  N. Harbor Dr. 200 feet East  Nimz intersection.  is 4-5 inches deep 4 feet long and 1 foot wide. A very bad hazard in a very heavily trafficked area. Big chunks laying around area.
HAZARDOUS POTHOLES 100 YDS APART W/B BEFORE CLAIREMONT
Multiple potholes. Southbound lanes.
large pothole across from school, east bound before Sunny Brae
Pothole
Pothole
Heading West on Balboa Ave., right before you turn into  small shopping area where  Arab store is, just before Clairemont Dr. Also at  turn to Clairemont Dr. heading North, re are some pot holes.
Multiple pothiles across Stalmer st between Ashford str and Linda Vista rd
On WB Grand. 2566 is rough estimate... There are several potholes on WB Grand, between mission bay Dr and Lamont St...
Pothole around manhole. Please patch
Small stretch  potholes on freeway
WEST SIDE FOUR TO FIVE POTHOLES
Pothole middle  street 7683 Blue Lake
Dangerous pothole
collier avenue has becoming unbearable to drive on wh s numerous potholes and uneven surface
Pothole located here
Large pothole in left hand eastbound lane (left lane as driving east). Also large piece  metal debris just before brow  hill in left lane.
Multiple large potholes and asphalt separations on Mt. Bigelow Drive between Mt. Culebra and Mt. Terminus.
Two pot holes
Pothole in intersection
The 2 pot holes are larger than  car's tire and as deep as  tire self.  The location are  inside most lane near Hyatt in la jolla
SINKHOLE FORMING ON ST. IN FRONT OF DRIVEWAY AFTER CITY WORK.
Pothole
numerous potholes at intersection  ingulf st and denver st.  Thanks.
numerous potholes along Morena blvd after turning f from Tecolote rd.  Thanks.
Huge pothole a severe danger to pedestrians, could also cause an accident from people trying to avoid . Could also cause severe damage to cars.
Pot Hole
Pothole in intersection  Kearny  Mesa Road and Ostrow St, outside  Carl's Jr.
Pothole in intersection  Kearny  Mesa Road and Ostrow St, outside  Carl's Jr.
Pothole in intersection  Kearny mesa Rd/ostrow  St, and convoy st, outside  Carl's Jr.
Pothole in intersection  Kearny mesa Rd/ostrow  St, and convoy st, outside  Carl's Jr.
Pothole in intersection  Kearny Mesa Rd/Ostrow St. and Convoy St., outside  Carl's Jr.
Pothole in intersection  Kearny Mesa Rd/Ostrow St. and Convoy St., outside  Carl's Jr.
Pothole in intersection  Kearny Mesa Rd/Ostrow St. and Convoy St., outside  Carl's Jr.
Pothole in intersection  Kearny Mesa Rd/Ostrow St. and Convoy St., outside  Carl's Jr.
Pot hole right lane
The entire street is cracked and full  pot holes.
Street in very bad condion
Multiple deep pot holes

Right lane on Nobel going west from framp 5
Pothole at  crosswalk  West Laurel Street and Pacific Highway
pothole left lane
Villa La Jolla Drive left lane going north towards La Jolla Villa Dr.,
Intersection La Jolla Village Dr. and Villa La Jolla drive left lane toward La Jolla Scenic Dr.
Potholes on each alley entrance to Sunset Cliffs.
This is in  back alley from  apartment complex called Stonegate Manor on 3829 Marlborough Ave. Many tenants have parking through  garage in  alley and  pot holes are very rough.  would be great if we can please get m fixed.
Huge pot hole
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
MASSIVE POTHOLE S/B ON ROSECRANS BTWN  HANCOCK & KURTS. ABOUT 3 FT. DP. CONS STATES CAR WAS MOMENTARILY STUCK
This is my second request.  You closed  first one stating that  had been filled, but  pot hole is still re and 's DEEP!  's in  south lane head downhill and 's closer to  stop sign at  top   hill.  's NOT  pothole at  bottom near Regents Road.  's closer to Honors Road.  You can't miss .  Would you please fill ?
High bump all across northbound Santo going to freeway. Road should be smooth
Multiple potholes in both westbound lanes!
Severe pothole, intersection  Sorrento Valley Rd. & Sorrento Valley Blvd., affecting norast-bound traffic, left-hand lane.
Two large potholes NW corner Noyes/Oliver
 block has a lot  road errotion, potholes etc, few big holes about 8 inches and a lot  very broken down road, very hard to navigate and unsafe on bicycle
 block has a lot  road errotion, potholes etc, few big holes and a lot  very broken down road, very hard to navigate and unsafe on bicycle
San vicente between cardiff and jacumba has a lot  road errotion, potholes etc, few big holes about 8 inches and a lot  very broken down road, very hard to navigate and unsafe on bicycle
There are significant potholes when turning into  street "Via Las Tonadas." The biggest potholes are more prevalent when making  inial turn into  street, but continue furr on to a lesser extent as you drive down.
There are significant potholes when turning into  street "Via Las Tonadas." The biggest potholes are more prevalent when making  inial turn into  street, but continue furr on to a lesser extent as you drive down.
deep pothole in  center   road.
LONG POTHOLE FORMING AFTER PIPE REFITTING WORK ON ST; ON 14TH ST. RIGHT AFTER ISLAND. 2" DEEP
Pothole
20" CIRCULAR POTHOLE S/B ON RANCHO MISSION RD. RIGHT AFTER SAN DIEGO MISSION RD INTERSECTION
Please fix all  potholes in alley between Georgia & Florida. 's like f-roaring driving down  alley. Please!!!!
3 potholes, 2 in  intersection  Gilman & Via Alicante and one before  intersection. In  right lane heading south.
Several large potholes in both  east and westbound lanes approximately 100-300 feet west   Rt 15 overpasd
Pothole
Large pothole in lanes between RT 15 southbound ex ramp and Rancho Penasquos Drive
Several potholes on corner  on ramp.  Dangerous
Pot hole that every guesy  Sea World exing has to swerve to advoid
There are potholes on both sides   street in  block. I drive on  road daily. After work, s usually dark and hard to see 'all'   potholes until you drive into m. Please consider repairing se soon, thank you.
Potholes.
potholes left most lane located right underneath  freeway
Potholes in  lanes going  (on  bridge) over  15 freeway.
Potholes in  eastbound lanes in  2600-2899 blocks  Grand Ave.
Large and small potholes in  entire section  Pomerado going west/south from Chadbad center Driveway to  Willow Creek Rd.
Potholes between 4278 and 4299 37th St.
Potholes in  northbound lane in  3400 block  Ingraham St.
Potholes in  northbound #2 and #3 lanes in  2000 block  West Mission Bay Dr.
Pothole in  southbound lane at 5232 La Jolla Blvd.
Potholes
Uneven surface/cracked asphalt 20 to 30 yards section on  center lane . Potholes 25-75 yards ahead.
Monster pothole Northbound Texas Street just north  Howard
There are 3 potholes that are difficult to dodge, right before turning on to Camino San Bernardo from Camino Del Norte, heading west.
Pot hole trip hazard as people walk to  or corner
Pothole
Pothole
The pothole is in  left lane  Northbound Mission Center Road south  Mission Center Court
Pothole in  east bound lane  Ingulf Street west  Chicago Street.
Pot holes
Several potholes along Beyer Way  over  Otay River.
Pothole in turn lane onto Navajo. Also, a few potholes on Navajo turn lane to Margerum on painted lines.
Pothole on College NB
Potholes at bisby lake and Navajo rd going east right side.
There are two potholes that are around a foot in diameter each, located at  end  Castle Glen Dr and  crossroad is Village Glen Dr.
Two potholes on left lane on smy ave heading towards beyer blvd.
Very large and dangerous pot holl
Deep potholes in far right lane heading west. Please fix!
Alley between Georgia & Florida in desperate need  pothole repair.
Multiple medium sized potholes that are difficult to drive around if you are not expecting m.
large pothole on carmel mountain road, east bound right lane just before Stoney Peak
Pothole
Again for  love  God. BIG POTHOLE GOING NORTH ON THE LEFT LANE BELOW THE I -8 FREEWAY. FIX IT PLEASE!!
Pothole in  middle   intersection  Alvarado Canyon Rd and Fairmount Ave going north on Fairmount
Yet anor request to get  pothole fixed. Left lane going south on Rancho Mission Rd next to   mall flower shop
Going west on Montezuma Rd oppose  new SDSU tower right were  crosswalk is.
Large 6" deep pothole in right lane
Big pothole. Please fix.
Driving down Camino Ruiz going south towards Miramar rd, re are 3 very lager potholes. The one that damaged my tire is in  very middle   street. As I was changing lanes, my right tire h  pothole and caused a huge bubble to form on my tire.
Many many potholes.  Size  tires going south over ibridges towards 8 west and on onramp.  Can't take pictures traffice constantly moving
Numerous potholes and uneven manhole covers make traveling N in right lanes very hazardous S  George Cooke Express Dr
Deep pot hole on left lane on bridge
R lane. Beside menholes
Pothole
Pothole in  intersection  Murray ridge rd and raejean.  High traffic corner.
All palm avenue street y are a lot  potholes  stops inform   park
50 yards from La Playa and Jewell. 2ft by 2ft by 5in triangle. In  middle   street.
Large pothole in right lane on east bound West Point Loma, just past Temecula St
Pot hole directly in front  4075 Van Dyke Ave. in cy heights.
large pothole on La Jolla Mesa at Baja Mar as you head up Mt. Soledad.
Potholes on La Jolla Senic Dr. S. turning Rt to stay on La Jolla Scenic South (at Rutgers Rd) as you head down Mt. Soledad. This is a cronic issue as someone overwaters and  flow collects at  point and constantly makes holes larger here. Need to even  street out or make  a high point
POTHOLE BAD  2X3 (1FT DEEP)
Pothole
potholes right at intersection
Large pothole in middle  street, midblock
They fixed  pothole in  parking lot, but now 's not set....and small particles getting stuck to cars and shoes.
Terrible pothole that is at least 10 inches deep, which causes traffic to slow because cars must cautiously turn ir car to avoid  pothole. Causing damage to cars.
Terrible pothole that slows down traffic and damages cars
Terrible pothole that causes traffic to slow and damage to cars
Deep h  wh my motorcycle last night almost knocked me over
Multi potholes in  viciny  intersection
POTHOLES, S/B ON GREENFORD BY SEAFOOD CITY>
Pot hole
Big Ol potholes throughout  intersection Balboa and Ruffin rd.
So many potholes on W Point Loma, destroying my car
Huge pothole 2 feet long
The entire right lane  Midway Dr is nothing but constant potholes. Destroying my car as you can't avoid m wh traffic.
There are multiple potholes when heading east on Genesee Ave under  163 freeway overpass.  Please have m filled!  Thank you.
Numerous potholes on  bottom    ramp
Pothole
Theirs a big hole
Large pothole in  South bound lane after you pass Carroll Canyon Road.  Left lane
Pothole on  left lane
4 deep potholes next to each or
raised concrete in middle   lane, traveling north bound
Pothole about 6 inches deep
right lane  , east- bound  Torrey Pines just past  Prospect   -   big one   - thanks !
left lane  sorrento valley blvd   at intersection  w/  sorrento valley rd
Behind  Otay farmers market y are a lot  potholes
POTHOLE, BY POPEYES CHICKEN
On Catalina Blvd, in  South bound lane just north  Canon intersection.
large pothole at intersection
Significant potholes along Golfcrest Dr., NB, between Tuxedo and Monte Verde Dr.  Potholes dangerous, especially to motorcycle riders.Furr, Golfcrest, between Navajo and Mission Gorge, significantly patched, creating many uneven surfaces, that ten crumble shortly after patching.  Request repavement  Golfcrest between se roads.
No picture due to driving and safety.  Two potholes, SB Villa La Jolla Dr, #1 lane between Holiday and Morning.
The alley road behind our condos are in need  repair. We use  alley road to get to our garages. When we enter our garage our car scrapes along  bottom because   buckles in  road. We are afraid  damages to  underside  our vehicles. This has been a persistent problem.
When you ex Hawthorne Street from Highway five and pass under  underpass re are two potholes in succession on  left side   left-most lane. Causing duel tire blow outs wh associated damage to  rims
Pothole
Pot holes affecting fire dept vehicle traffic
Multiple potholes causing trip hazards and damage to fire personnel and fire apparatus. Complaint sent three weeks ago through cy channels wh zero response
We need to have some pot holes fixed in  Universy Gardens Parking lot. Thank you,Jesse DeLilleAssistant Center DirectorSD Park & Rec. Dept. 858-552-1652
Pothole on Forward Street that impinges on  bike lane causing damage to bikes and slowing down traffic
We need some potholes filled in  parking lot   Standley Park Recreation Center.  Thank you.
Forward Street in Bird Rock is treacherous, causing
Pothole on Forward Street
Anor Pothole on Forward street, makes  difficult for a person riding ir bike, causing damage to bikes and slowing down traffic.
Big pothole on Forward Street that is causing damage to bikes and skateboards, and slowing down traffic.
Head north east, right lane close after intersection and prospect and Torrey
I am wring regarding  ally between Mohawk st and Saranac st all  ally is in need  repair.
Pothole in middle  Pinecrest/Murray Ridge Rd intersection.
Pothole
on highland street a deep pothole caused a flat tire to my tire.
Multiple pot holes
On  94 east to  15 north,  connector is just FULL  potholes and has been for years. Can you do something about m? They are doing a number on my shocks. There is also foliage that is overgrown and is growing over  guardrails.
Pothole
Potholes along Fairmount Avenue/Montezuma Rd leading towards  8 West and East Freeway entrance.
Pothole
potholes along Fairmont/Montezuma Road leading to  8 West & East freeway

1  many
Pot hole
eastbound Washington turning lane onto ca-163
Pothole on Southbound Bernardo Center Dr Right after you leave  intersection  Rancho Bernardo Rd.   is in  Left (fast) lane.
Pothole
Entire portion  32nd street navy base entrance in ltered wh potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Middle  lane
pothole
Entire harbor drive in that area has terrible potholes that have damaged my alignment.
Pothole
Large potholes on Corte Sabio and Paseo Lucido approaching stop sign, wh water coming out under .  I see re maybe a waterline break that needs to be fixed prior to repaving asphalt.
Pothole
Pothole is located in front   driveway.  looks like  asphalt is starting to sink down.
There is a bunch  pot holes in  back alley as I am coming home everyday. I have complained about  to  manager on se. Please help surface  street and maybe  will make  homeless and or random people leave  area too.
Potholes on W Point Loma Blvd between Nimz Blvd. and Sports Arena Blvd.
Growing pothole where five roads converge
Two very large potholes. I reported  a few days ago and status says closed. However,  potholes are still re!
Multiple potholes
Multiple potholes
POTHOLES
A pothole is forming in  street. 's approximately 12'' in diameter. Also,  surrounding area is collapsing and that spans 15' which could possibly turn into a huge sinkhole.
Hole caved in road. 1ft x 1ft x 4in deep
Pothole
Large sink hole across right hand lane going westbound (probably a collapsed trench?)
There are some very large deep potholes in  intersection, specifically on Florida St on  south side  El Cajon Blvd.  Cars are trying to swerve to avoid  biggest one and veering into  oncoming lane. Very dangerous.
Two large potholes in  middle   road.
Large pothole near  intersection  San Diego Ave and W Washington St.  is on San Diego Ave just before  crosswalk in front   Mobil gas station, in  center lane.
Potholes in  alley way behind  house.  Lots  cracks.
Pothole Southbound on Bernardo Center Dr. between Fairhope Rd and Fairlie Rd
Pothole Escala Dr. Southbound?? between Drayton Hall Way and Bernardo Center Dr.
Pothole on south lane  Pomerado adjacent to Bernardo Heights Plaza Shopping Center. Location is between shopping center entry driveway and Bernardo Heights Parkway.
One major pothole, slong wh several ors.
Massive pothole
LOTS OF POTHOLES CAUSED MOTORCYCLE TO FALL
numerous potholes on  street, some very large. most are in eastbound lanes  Cam del Rio N, around  I-8 westbound entrance and stop sign, but span all  way up to Qualcomm Way.
Full length  street full  potholes and rough pavement due to construction.  Thank you, David
Received damage to my tire after going through  trench which has not been filled in fully or covered after water main work! Fix se problems please as 's unsafe!
NUMEROUS POTHOLES ALONG MILTON ST.
Deep pothole located at  intersection  Pico & Feldspar. Many vehicles cross is daily encounte to  5.
There is a pothole on  north side   street.
TONS OF POTHOLES ALONG THE ST. ST IN HORRIBLE CONDITION
Giant potholes have popped up again after  older ones were filled in.
Two right lanes have big potholes under  bridge
Pothole
There are pot holes on  entrance to  8 west from sports arena blvd.
Pothole right before  one spls for  light
Pothole south bound right lane
There is a pothole on  left southbound lane  Catalina Blvd. between Talbot St. and Lomaland Dr.  I believe  is close to Jennings St.
There are a couple  potholes on  southbound lanes  Nimz Blvd at  southwest corner   intersection wh Sunset Cliffs Blvd.
There was some trenching done at  intersection   40th and Universy Ave. on  South side and some   asphalt has sunk leaving a pot hole that needs to be fixed asap !
Potholes next to driveway entrance
Pothole 1  many on  street
Northbound Mission Center Rd., left lane, left side, 200ft. Before Mission Center Court. Large pothole.
Pothole is in  southbound right lane  Balboa Drive just north   intersection wh Quince Street
Pothole is in  westbound right lane  Grand Ave parallel to  Eastern part  Mission Bay High School
There are a series  potholes in  intersection  Denver Street and Ingulf Street.   is especially bad in  northbound lane or lanes requiring vehicles to slow to about 5 mph to drive through  intersection.
Several pot homes along  whole street
Potholes just before  stop sign to go on Camino del Rio West from Jefferson.
Huge pothole
Several potholes along Carroll Rd between Miramar Rd and Camino Santa Fe
Going west potholes at  DIP on  left lane please repair
Can you please fix a pothole on  left lane going north right below  I -8 freeway? I've sent request after request and y keep getting closed whout repair. I will be calling management about . CAN'T TAKE PICTURE BECAUSE THERE IS NOWHERE TO PULL OVER
Left lane going east. Middle   intersection.
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Several different potholes at  cross section  63rd and Pontiac st.
Westbound right lane
Major holes at Rosecrans/Sports arena blvd intersection. High traffic and much risk for damage
Pot hole
Hello and good morning. There are over 10 potholes on Carroll Road, from Miramar Rd all  way to Nancy Ridge Dr. I know you've been super swamped wh all  rain and requests coming thru. Thank you for giving us an option to report se potholes. Thank you for keeping us safe. Have a great weekend!
Very big pothole at  intersection  Greenwood street and Hancock Street. San Diego, CA 92110
Huge pothole on southbound framp. Very dangerous!!
That hole has been re for years, I've almost gotten in accidents from people trying to avoid  including myself, can't take a picture since 's always so populated. Please take a look at  and fix , I've had to have my car aligned from s se potholes and even though we live in Southbay and 's not important to you guys except north county but  would be nice also caring for  less affortunate.
big potholes next to  stop sign on Cuvier St and Pearl St in La Jolla.
Huge and dangerous pothole in westbound middle lane. Right after intersection. Needs to be fixed ASAP!! People swerve out   way just to avoid .
Hello and good morning. There have been countless potholes along Pomerado Rd, starting by  Pomerado Rd/Spring Canyon Rd swch. Most   potholes have been filled, which I super appreciate! There seem to be a few left and y are hard to navigate on  narrow road. They do go from Pomerado Rd all  way to when  swches to Miramar Rd. I know you've been super swamped wh all  rain and requests coming thru. Thank you for giving us an option to report se potholes. Thank you for keeping us safe. Have a great weekend!
Dip in  middle   block always scrapes  bottom  cars.
Exactly under  Starbucks re's a huge hole that when you drive up to pick up  just stops you even if you don't want to.
Huge pothole in turning lane turning left onto balboa from Ruffin rd very deep
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
 street needs to get resurfaced. re are just too many cracks and potholes. everyday i use  road and  is very annoying.  road is just too bumpy. thanks.
Entrance to  94w frwy potholes along  entrance   freeway
Pothole at  center   intersection  Worden St and Valets St. Getting larger by  day.
Multiple pot holes from garnet to chalcedony.
Giant pot hole in R lane halfway between Ltle St. and Viking road.  Takes up  entire lane.  May be from construction work.
Pot hole in Right lane heading down  hill on Jenner.  Looks like  could possibly be   beginning  a sink hole.
I have seen  pot hole get bigger each day for weeks now I h  and  popped my NEW tore and damaged my $750 rim.  is on mission Blvd when in  left lane prior to  sports arena bridge entrance to  8 fwy east. I want to take a picture by too much traffic and dangerous to stop re.
Large pothole growing larger by  day at south part  intersection  Sunset Cliffs Bl and Santa Monica in Ocean Beach(by OB Elementary School). Cy has been out many times recently but sloppy and incompetent repairs never keep pot hole repair permanent. Please do long term repair wh some qualy  next time please so my car is not damaged again.
Pot hole on Sea World Dr Norast Bl direction left lane just a few feet before Nimz Bl concrete overpass.
Several large potholes!!
Two pot holes
2 or 3 potholes clustered toger
Pot holes
large pothole in #2 east bound lane at intersection wh Mission Bay Drive at corner  by  7-11 storeProblem Location: 2700-2800 Garnet Avenue, San Diego, CA, Uned States--- pothole is at Garnet and Mission Bay, in  intersection at  east side crosswalk, to find  drive east bound in 2700 block Garnet to 2800 block, as you cross through  intersection  is in #2 lane.   is worse than ever.
This is  fourth time I've reported  same problem! two large potholes as you turn to travel north bound on Soledad Mountain Road from west on Garnet Avenue. Potholes are next to  right hand curb as one turns from west bound on Garnet to north bound on Soledad Mountain Road  The potholes are in  crosswalk on  north side   "T" intersection.  The potholes are getting deeper and deeper!  Someone has "dumped" some asphalt in m but y need to be leveled wh existing roadway asphalt and sealed.Problem Location:4600 Soledad Mountain Road, San Diego, CA, Uned States
In w bound middle lane
#1 southbound lane at intersection wh Grand Avenue, pothole in  traffic lane. If you drive through intersection going south on Mission Bay Drive at Grand  pothole is in #1 lane
And broken gutter
Pothole
Pot holes 15  m
Southbound Brannia Blvd. at  intersection or Airway Road re are two potholes.
  intersection  Siempre Viva Road and Cactus Road re are several potholes.
HUGE POTHOLE ON MISSION GORGE IN THE RIGHT HAND LANE.
Multiple potholes
re is a pothole that cause car's damage.
There are poth holes on  ramp from N. Camino Del Norte to E. Camino San Bernado.
2 huge potholes...a block north  intersection
POTHOLE
Patch is failing
pothole on Payne from Durant to Webster 92113
A bunch in  middle lane
There are alot potholes on camino ruiz straight down before entering miramar rd.
pot hole in middle   30th street  and Market
Our alleyway behind  3400  block  Adams Avenue (cross streets Hawley & Mansfield have seven potholes that have been scratching and denting  front bumper  my car.
Pot holes and faded lines in several areas on Alvarado road
re is a 15+ inch wide, 1-2" deep hole on  west side  Ruffin Rd and   sourn edge   norrn, westbound lane  Balboa Ave.   developed after our heavy rains.THANKS for filling  terrible holes on Mercury St.!
Very large pothole about 12" in diameter by 6" deep in left lane. Too large to navigate around if traffic in rt lane
24 inch diameter pothole about 4 inches deep in  Right hand lane on Hancock st. at  intersection  Greenwood.
Previous report was closed and no repairs done
Pennant Way

Large pothole at intersection  Balboa Ave and Ruffin Rd in front    Jack In The Box sign.
Pot hole on eastbound side  La Jolla Pkwy right before  52/5 merge.  Near right side  left lane.
I don't recall exactly where  is, but 's in  right lane going up Torrey Pines Rd, probably about 1/4 mile up from  La Jolla Shores intersection.   isn't really a pothole, but more like  entire road sinks for a second.  So  has  effect  a major pothole.
All  way down 1400-1600 Frankfort St, are horrible potholes and  street is a mess.  Very dangerous and costly for cars how continue to drive over  street everyday.
Several potholes at  intersection
Asphalt patch at Madison/Park is coming up and a hole is forming. Almost in  center   intersection
severe pot hole covering both lanes  incoming La Jolla bound- looks more like a sink hole
A big pothole in  middle   road by  intersection to Jackson - not  main Lake Murray but  residential part.
The whole street is full  potholes.
Curtis street (92106) was only partially repaired. The 2 streets west  Rosecrans on Curtis were redone wh cement. However  rest  Curtis Street -- from Evergreen to Chatsworth -- are in terrible shape.  has been patched (badly, I would say) over  years. The patches have patches, and now y need to be fixed. The area going up into many driveways on Curtis are torn up, have potholes and are very damaged. Please repair.
3 X 3 X 4" DEEP POTHOLE, PER WATER DEPT GIVE TO STREETS,
Numerous potholes in  intersection AND surrounding area.
POTHOLE CAUSED FLAT TIRE
small, cubic foot pothole
BIG OL POTHOLE in  eastbound lane, can't miss  's HUGE had to dodge wh evasive maneuvers!!!!
2 inch deep pothole at bottom   ramp... Nasty
Last pothole in  eastbound  lane  La Jolla Village Drive; located in  turn lane to Lebon Drive.
Huge crater in east bound lane just before  light
This pothole in  left lane   on ramp for  52 East has been here forever please fix 
Potholes at f and on ramps
Between  street  Bachman Pl and sidewalk,  erosion creates  a long, deep pothole/groove damaging cars that enter driveways scratching   bottom   deep pothole/groove!
Pothole near yellow striping
Pothole
16606 orilla road 02128
16648 orilla road 92128
16654 orilla road 92128
16668 orilla road 912128
16672 orilla road 92128
Entire road needs to be re-paved, but several severe potholes at intersection  Mesa Medea/Red Cedar Drive
Potholes in  entire crosswalk running north-south on 30th St. at C St. On both east and west crosswalks
Potholes
There is a pothole at Felspar Street and Pico Street
east bound lanes; tree root was covered by asphalt and reflector placed on top; reflector was what popped his tire. Incident #17020016794 // per ficer, not a hazard. re is no tree root sticking out  onto  road or from beneath  asphalt.
A big and long crack on  right land at  San Diego river bridge, right after  intersection  I-8 and Sunset Cliff heading to Sea World drive
Two potholes on Seaworld Drive before getting on  bridge.
Intersection  College Avenue and Federal Blvd near Discount Tires. The entire road when you drive through that intersection is broken up and damaged.  is not just one or two pot holes, but  entire road is ruined in that area. From College, turn left on Federal to experience  ride!
multiple potholes west bound on Camino Del Rio N between Fairmount Ave and Discovery Pl
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION OF CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD AND SHAWLINE ST.
rectangle shaped pothole wh square edges in northbound lane, unable to avoid due to parked cars next to narrow lane, found map, believe north south corridor Euclid from Wightman south to Dwight was last resurfaced in 1971 and is in undrivable  condion, appreciate any repair action
Corner  Truxtun and Barnett.  As you turn right from Truxtun to Barnett re's a pothole that drivers have to swerve to get around.
Pot hole in  middle   street right in front   address. There are small ones all over  street but one big one is in  middle. This street is in very bad condion over all and repaving  lower half   street near bottom   hill would be great.
Hi, re is a huge pothole on West Point Loma blvd and Temecula St at least 4 feet wide and is a hazard. Can you please repair asap.
Several large potholes on Convoy between Balboa Ave and Kearny Mesa Rd.
The parking lot on  big dog/Nimz side is in horrendous condion. There are potholes, cracks, and fissures everywhere. 's been like  for years, we've been complaining about  for years, and  cy has ignored us completely. Please fill in  potholes, or repave  entire lot.
Approximately 3-foot elongated pothole wh cracks that continues to get bigger. Been observed for over two months. Immediate attention required, especially since 's a major street. Located at SB Camino Ruiz at  intersection  Zapata Ave.
Large pothole on  Balboa Ave ex from  15-S
  very beginning   intersection when turning left f  805S f-ramp.
Giant pot hole disguised whin a dip
There is a pothole in  left lane   northbound side   road. The only way to get around  hole is to swerve into one   or lanes, which is dangerous for everyone. The pothole could have been caused by  large amounts  rainfall during  past couple  weeks wh  San Diego River running straight through  road.
Pothole in  left lane leading to  52 east from La Jolla Parkway. Pretty large.
There's a small pothole re.
Large PotHole @ Broadway and 10th Avenue Downtown San Diego, CA 92101
Left lane deep pothole right after Nimz
Sewer lid is raised too high, makes tires on cars crash wh  hard. 's too elevated, I damaged my tires going over .
Giant pothole under freeway bridge on left side West Hawthorne st.Street is dark and cannot be avoided.
Road at intersection in very poor condion wh deep p holes.
Water cover hazard in alley
Onramp eastbound 8 has had  same potholes for over a year!!!
Two or three potholes on  transion from Aldine to Fairmont north. They are pretty deep...
several large potholes in front  my house
Potholes on east side  Genesee Ave at Manou Way intersection.
A pothole approximately 3 feet wide and 4 inches deep is at  base   street on Illion. 's at  joint between concrete and asphalt. The concrete on all  Illion Street 40 feet from  intersection is cracking. The pothole is deep, more than 4 inches. 's wide, more than 3 feet. 's bone rattling when you cross  pothole at anything more than 2 mph, and  is getting worse, not getting better.
A pothole approximately 3 feet wide and 4 inches deep is at  base   street on Illion. 's at  joint between concrete and asphalt. The concrete on all  Illion Street 40 feet from  intersection is cracking. The pothole is deep, more than 4 inches. 's wide, more than 3 feet. 's bone rattling when you cross  pothole at anything more than 2 mph, and  is getting worse, not getting better.
A pothole approximately 3 feet wide and 4 inches deep is at  base   street on Illion. 's at  joint between concrete and asphalt. The concrete on all  Illion Street 40 feet from  intersection is cracking. The pothole is deep, more than 4 inches. 's wide, more than 3 feet. 's bone rattling when you cross  pothole at anything more than 2 mph, and  is getting worse, not getting better.
Large hole, northbound lane Morena Blvd.
Rancho Penasquos Blvd.   A few potholes all in a row in  right side   center southbound lane under  north span   56.   Each pothole is about a foot in diameter.
Group  holes, intersection  Morena and Lehigh
Pothole
Large
Many potholes, alleyway between Cole and Dubois Streets. Not  actual streets but  alleyway.
Two approx. 12" diameter potholes on Florida at El Cajon on  south side   intersection next to  srip mall. Getting larger and deeper daily. Already deep enough to cause damage to car/bicycle wheels.
NB lane by center line
Pothole
  bottom   4 way stop where Illion intersects wh Gardena re is a very deep pothole. The street is very busy due to St. Mary Magdalene Church, elementary school and neighborhood traffic.
Massive pothole. This area was just fixed, but since re is always water in  intersection, new potholes always appear. Please fix  properly, not just a patch, and stop  water flow.
Pothole
2 potholes, unsafe to avoid
Pothole, unsafe to avoid
Deep pot holes, crumbling street


One   worst parts or road in  cy. Horrible repair jobs causing bumps in  road and tons  potholes.
Pothole at  intersection  Murray Ridge and Pinecrest Avenue
Northbound lane
Right lane
Pothole on painted left turn arrow at stoplight. Arrow will need to be repainted
Cracks and holes at entrance to Point Loma.
Middle lane westbound Balboa Ave at  intersection wh ruffin rd
Several potholes
P/H AT APPROX 100 YARDS NORTH OF INTERSECTION AT PARK ENTRANCE
Numerous potholes on both sides. Between carmel mtn rd and Ted Williams pkway. This was reported once before and posted as closed .  is not closed and needs to be fixed asap.
Multiple deep potholes
3 potholes
Very big pothole, about a 1/2'
Pothole in  middle   street

Potholes
Pothole as pictured
HUGE POTHOLE
New pothole has been getting larger in  path   left turn from westbound El Cajon to south on Illinois.
Pot hole
Large bumps in  street from tree roots force cars to drive around m and into  or lane
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE ON VISTA HILL AVE BETWEEN MEADOW LARK & HEALTH CENTER DR.


Pothole
Pothole
Really??? Come on CMR needs repaving badly!
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Almost twisted my ankle again here!!! Seriously, been telling SD about se streets for YEARS!! Done wh 
Getting wider and deeper!! Day by day wh each rainfall!
Pothole
Northbound just sout  via campestre
Pothole
Road seems hollow. Cement moves when driving over , slab has dropped a couple  inches. Sw corner, South driving lane
3" deep hole that's about 24" in diameter
This is a very small street. On  corner  williejames way and 49th st re is  biggest pot hole. Staring from  or side   street to  side walk. s really bad.
Numerous potholes on Mt Henry Ave from Mt King Dr to Mt Henry Pl
Pothole
Pothole at  south corner   intersection.  This was new pavement too and  pothole left small rocks all over  place.
Multiple deep potholes at  transion between Almayo Ave and Almayo court. Road condion has created a very unsafe condion as cars routinely swerve and drive into  oncoming lane to avoid  worst   potholes
Pothole
From print wood to mt abranthy need paving
Making a left onto Convoy St from Kearny Mesa Rd and damaged  passenger side rear wheel in  pothole.
Whole road is bad
Pothole in right lane  Balboa before Genesee, heading west.
Huge potholes at  intersection  Carmel Mountain Road and Entreken Way in Rancho Penasquos, 92129 zip code.
Huge potholes at  intersection  Carmel Mountain Road and Sedorus Street in Rancho Penasquos, 92129 zip code.
Bad potholes after you ex 5 N at Hawthorn.

POTHOLE TURNING INTO SINKHOLE FOR A FEW MONTHS NOW
Large pothole. Westbound lanes
Westbound number 2 lane
Street is sinking around  manhole
Westbound number 2 lane
Road is very bad. Cars keep swerving to avoid all  potholes. Mostly a 55 and older communy.
Ever enlarging pot hole just south  and adjoining  concrete bridge on  right lane northbound where Nimz Bl and Sunset Cliffs Blvd merge.
Just to say THANK YOU for temporarily filling  potholes on Chateau Dr,  whole distance between Genessee and Mt Abernathy. 's used as a shortcut so is well traveled. Thanks again, Fran Shepherd
Take  Taylor street ex f 8 west; as you travel over  overpass, you meet  junction  where   street "curves" right to continue as Taylor street. This curve has a large pothole in . (Not  part that ends at  stop sign that allows you to turn left onto Hotel Circle South)
Many pot holes and open cracks at Margerum and beginning  viar.
Dangerous pothole on right southbound lane near big tree.
Huge pothole. Saw  devour a small child last week. Please fix soon.
Epic pothole from recent rains.
Pothole in middle west bound lane
Pothole silver gate and dudley



Pophole in front  address
Potholes







Dozens  potholes between 7405-7751 Golfcrest Dr. (between Tuxedo Road and Ruane St.  's too dangerous to go into  street to take photos...sorry.
Whole surface  HIgh Bluff Drive going south, north  Del Mar Heights, badly needs to be resurfaced.

The 700 block on San Vicente St. have deep cracks and also  street on San Vicente and Sawtelle all  way out to Cardiff St. have big potholes.
pothole located on holiday court just f  villa la jolla dr
West bound lanes large pothole
pothole
There are at least 5 large & multiple small potholes in both lanes  Camino Ruiz going southbound towards Miramar base between Miramar & jade coast.
There are at least 5 large & multiple small potholes in both lanes  Camino Ruiz going southbound towards Miramar base between Miramar & jade coast.
There are at least 5 large & multiple small potholes in both lanes  Camino Ruiz going southbound towards Miramar base between Miramar & jade coast.
There are at least 5 large & multiple small potholes in both lanes  Camino Ruiz going southbound towards Miramar base between Miramar & jade coast.
There are at least 5 large & multiple small potholes in both lanes  Camino Ruiz going southbound towards Miramar base between Miramar & jade coast.
There are at least 5 large & multiple small potholes in both lanes  Camino Ruiz going southbound towards Miramar base between Miramar & jade coast.
There are at least 5 large & multiple small potholes in both lanes  Camino Ruiz going southbound towards Miramar base between Miramar & jade coast.
There are at least 5 large & multiple small potholes in both lanes  Camino Ruiz going southbound towards Miramar base between Miramar & jade coast.

Pothole

Pothole I. The middle  9th at Washington.
Very deep pot hole. Left lane before bridge into Point Loma. My place on  map may be f just a ltle.

Pothole is approximately 24 inches in diameter and 3 to 4 inches deep.
Per consumer: Pothole on N. Harbor Dr. e/b left lane in betw. Nimz & Laning

Pothole
Some big potholes at and near  intersection  Canon and Catalina


Potholes on  ramp from westbound Friars Rd. to Mission Village Dr.
Pothole near  souast corner  Kearny Mesa Rd. and Convoy Street
Very large pothole at intersection  Jacaranda ans Pershing. The riad is in an inclune,  hides  pothole until  is too late to avoid hting 
Potholes all along boulder lake from Navajo to Cowles mountain blvd
potholes love  intersection! small, new potholes since  last rain.
There is a pothole at  corner  Oliver St and Exchange Place that needs to be filled.  is right where cars turning right from olivet to Exchange would drive.
Potholes
Potholes on entire street
at dip at cross st tulane wy f govenor dr on scripps st
large pothole on El Camino Real intersection just before 56 on ramp
Big pothole
LARGE POTHOLE HEADING FROM SB TO EB NHD
Pot hole in eastbound lane.
There is a building at 3464 Pickett Street.  In  middle   street, straight out from  western-most garage door (that would be  left-most door if you are facing  building), re is a huge pothole.  Please patch  pothole.

East bound 52 left lane prior to crossing i-5
Large pothole in  center lane
The street in front  our house was dug up for some sort  repair, same day as wh  street in front  13781 Sorbonne Ct. The 13781 patch has been repaired and refinished, but not (for some reason)  sinking patch in front  my house.  Besides being an eyesore,  rains have caused a depression more than 3 inches deep - definely a hazard for  many children on ir bikes, as well as runners.
Potholes in  most left lane  Hawthorn under  freeway overpass
Pothole
Large hole in center lane  Balboa Ave West, just across  Ruffin Rd intersection on  West side.
Pothole beginning  Tierrasanta Blvd framp southbound Interstate 15
12"x24" crumbled asphalt
1ft x 10 ft crumbled asphalt
Several potholes and crumbling fill from previous repairs
About 14" square, 6" deep at one end.  looks like a fill had a void in  or  mushed to  sides or something. This is in  right turn lane by  Shell Gas on  northwest corner  Mira Mesa Blvd and Westview Parkway
Pothole
Massive potholes in left hand lane; Hawthorne ex; under 5 freeway. Please fix asap. Damage to car.Cars swerving into middle lane to avoid. Very dangerous
Two potholes whin 100 ft in left lane
POTHOLE IN INTERSECTION CAUSED FLAT TIRE.

Pothole on Luna before Pocahontas heading east.
All up and down MIDWAY DRIVE in  Point Loma area,  streets are TERRIBLE. The problem begins right after  light at  MIDWAY post fice, and continues to  4 way stop on Rosecrans and Midway. This area is widely traveled, and  street has been in disrepair for a while.Please help  residents, business owners, and commercial drivers to be able to drive safely, and whout a menace to ir vehicles!Thank you Cy workers!  We're counting on you, and know that you can get  job done efficiently and quickly.
Pothole at entrance  parking lot
The street going both northbound and southbound from Navajo until Highwood is in serious disrepair.  Cars traveling northbound regularly drive curbside to avoid  main part   road which is so damaged.
There are several potholes between Tommy Dr and Whelan Dr on Boulder Lake Dr (North  Navajo)
Very bad potholes that need repair for a LONG time!  For some reason all  surrounding streets were replaved last year except for  one.
Pothole
many potholes on southbound convoy st.  from  ostrow st.,  down to aero dr. intersection.
Cracks in street and small chunks out  roadway
Pot hole
The entire road from Navajo Road to Cowls Mountain needs repair.  I understand  was scheduled for repair in 2016 but  hasn't happened. Thank you!
Potholes in both directions in  2600 block  Via De La Valle.
Pothole in  eastbound #1 lane at 141 West Washington St.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON GARDINA
Pothole in center  intersection
Please fix ally between Georgia & Florida! I've already blown a tire wh all  potholes
Our street is in serious need  repair! From what I understand  was scheduled for Fall 2016... But that never happened. To be honest... Almost  whole neighborhood needs help.!!!!
Two very deep potholes, will cause for certain flat tires. Safety hazard.
Multiple potholes at  intersection  El Cajon and Florida.
Very long pot holes caused from heavy big vehicles under  bridge  Genessee Ave on  Interstate 5 South direction.
Very deep pothole heading south east on Vista Sorrento Pkwy
Large pothole heading north  Lusk Blvd
Deep pothole heading souast on Vista Sorrento Pkwy
Pothole at intersection  Carmel mountain road and canter heights.   is on  Carmel mountain road left turning lane.- When making a left into canter heights.
Whole road  Vista Sorrento Pkwy between Sorrento Valley Blvd and Lusk Blvd has long crack  concrete in  souast direction.
all  boulder lake between navajo rd. and cowles mountain blvd. is full  pot holes and is ruining car alignments
 least two deep potholes are damaging vehicles tires on Hawthorn St. westbound, between State St. and India St.  I saw one vehicle being towed today because  m.  My cousin lives in  area and has requested repair, but so far, no response or repair.  I cannot understand why  Cy has not repaired those yet!?!?!   should go whout stating, that  area i'm referring to is not only a heavily-traveled street for residents, but also heavily-traveled for visors and tourists to our Cy!  Must  Cy be reminded that tourism is a large part/reason  revenue for  Cy!?!?! PLEASE REPAIR THOSE NOW!  THANKS!
There are 2 potholes that when cars and trucks go over  y are getting worse and also I can hear a loud thump noise whenever a heavy car or truck goes over m.  These potholes are to  west side  my property.  Please repair.  Thank You.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON THE STREET.
Pothole next to ramen place....old street repair
Small pothole in front  11238, north side.

Large pothole in  left southbound lane on west mission bay drive right before  bridge starts that passes over  San Diego river
The street has many pot holes due to school bus traffic please repair
Boulder Lake between Navajo and Cowles Mountain Blvd many many pot holes
Pothole
Multiple potholes on Carroll Road between Kenamar Dr and Camino Santa Fe in Sorrento Valley
From  Poway Cy line west to  15 and  15 east on Poway line one BIG mess!  Last rain caused new spots and reopened old ones. Blacktop "crumbs " all over!
Street has large potholes from Sorrento Valley Blv. to Lusk Blvd.
Huge potholes at  intersection turning into ay ave from smy ave.
Bad pot hole
Large pothole / sinkhole in left lane on eastbound Torrey pines, plus several or potholes between intersection wh Princes and  throat
Pothole
CUSTOMER STATES THAT THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON THE STREET
large potholes
large potholes

 Jonas Ct; one SB and anor NBAlso noticed at Greyling & Raejean (near NE corner);Intersection  Raejean & Murray Ridge Rd (East side  intersection); SB Murray Ridge Rd just South  intersection  Pinecrest (appears to be service cover)
East bound lane
2 potholes
large pothole
There are two potholes in front   address, on  north bound side   street.
One pothole, on  north bound side   street, in front   address.
2 deep potholes, lane # 1 southbound Mission Bay Drive 100 yards before bridge over San Diego River
HUGE CRATER in middle  west bound lane.
HUMUNGASE pothole developing along wh 50 smaller ones throughout POWAY rd  road needs some LOVE and repaving.
Multiple potholes on  on ramp going to Mission Village Drive from WB Friars.
East bound College Grove Dr at College Av, west side  intersection #2 / #3 lane, in crosswalk - pothole and cracks.
Both sides   I-5 fwy just north  Genesee are horrible and full  cracks, ruts and potholes.  Both my wife and I have had rocks crack our windshields in  last two weeks.  You repaired one lane   northbound side but  rest is awful.  Please please please fix  section  fwy soon.  The northbound side is worse but both sides from Genesee to  merge/spl are really bad.
Multiple potholes
Large potholes
multiple potholes
To 3400 block  Natchez and Clairmont ave.?.....  pot holes are now sink holes....re 3/4 inches deep...some are 6 inches deep3/4 feet wide. There are more than 80 garages +side parking...we have to use  alley..'s ruining cars, dangerous !  PLEASE
The entire street  Rancho Carmel Drive southbound  Carmel Mountain Road to Hwy 56 is in desperate need  street repair. Both  southbound and northbound roads have potholes, cracked asphalt, and uneven pavement. This road has be been neglected for along time.
Big pothole at entrance to 56E from Carmel Valley Rd.
Pothole on Ethan Allen Ave at  stop sign closest to Brandywine Street.
pothole on Paul Jones Avenue closest cross street is Bunker Hill st.
many potholes in alley behind address
This is  second time I've reported  sinkhole. The first time, someone from  cy came to look at , said  was dangerous, and put up a sign and a cone. But since n, nothing has been fixed yet  cy closed  report. The sinkhole is still sting re. Here are some pictures so I hope y help. And here's  link to  previous report: https://getdone.force.com/TSWViewReportDetail?Id=500t0000004RVMJAA4
Pothole seems like  was repaired at one time but material has shrunken creating anor depression. Overall section between Waring and Mission Gorge needs immediate attention, cars are being damaged for no reason.

100 ft West  Eastgate Mall signal. East bound traffic, far right lane. 2ft x 3ft hole. Causing tire damage
From Navajo road to cowles mountain boulevard  street has endless potholes.  I have noticed people driving by  sidewalk to avoid m.   They swerve and dodge  potholes.  This is very dangerous as many kids walk to gage elementary or Pershing junior high.
Multiple large potholes need repair
PER SDPD THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE ON BALBOA IN THE #2 WEST BOUND LANE/.
Large pothole wh chunks  asphalt in  street
Multiple large potholes throughout area. Hazard to bicycles and motorcycles
Huge potholes on far right lane on balboa avenue between Clairmont drive and Genesee drive.
several potholes between ruane and navajo on golfcrest
LARGE POTHOLES RIGHT BEFORE REACHING ON AND OFF RAMP TO 125 HWY

CUSTOMER STATES THERE ARE MULTIPLE HAZARDOUS POTHOLES IN WEST BOUND LEFT LANE OF HAWTHORN
Pothole at intersection  Hispano Dr. And Lomica.

The whole street is covered wh potholes, pavement is very old and needs to be changed, resurfaced. Here are just a few pictures.Thank you.
After  rain,  potholes were filled in INADEQUATELY.  PLEASE FIX ASAP. my car suspension is getting damaged!
Potholes on Home Ave between 805 and Euclid
Huge pothole intersection Ingraham &nMisouri
Pothole northbound on Colusa Street
There's two three potholes f  5 freeway f ramp to Hawthorne going towards  airport right before  light cannot stop to take a picture because 's a busy f-ramp 's in  number one lane under  bridgeI
Pothole on  left lane  Carmel Valley Rd in  middle   intersection wh El Camino Real.  Looks like  was previously repaired, but  repair had collapsed and a pothole is re again.
Alley behind 5709 Lauretta St. - numerous potholes need to be repaired - Alley is in desperate need  resurfacing.
Pothole
Potholes along curb at bus stop
Pothole
Pothole
 is a 3ft by 6ft sink hole that is 6" to 12ft deep.
Several potholes in left wheel area   center lane  eastbound Ted Williams Pkwy east  saber springs pkwy. Also one large one in #1 lane just before saber springs overpass on Ted Williams parkway east  I-15.
SOUTHBOUND ROSECRANS ST. AT SPORTS AREANA INTERSECTION. LARGE POTHOLES IN FAR LEFT LANE AND MIDDLE LANE NEAR SOUTH/WEST SIDE OF STREET
Potholes on i5 south near Balboa Park/Downtown.
Southbound lane  Murray Ridge Rd., just south  Pinecrest Ave. intersection.
There are several smaller potholes along  area   road
While  pot holes are not so huge re are multiple along  strip   road going both ways. The road is very uneven and re in several spots coming down hill that are elevated a few inches that could cause a tire blow out or wheel damage. I always find my self navigating/swerving around  because I know where y located. I don't think pictures would do justice as you would have to see for your and  is a busy street especially in  mornings and late afternoon.
Long, deep pot hole on Torrey Pines Road, causing a lot  damage to vehicles and slowing down traffic
Black Mountain Rd at Mira Mesa BlvdNorthbound Black Mountain Rd  intersection, on  south side.2 big potholes in  right hand lane that goes straight
Potholes as you get on to friars rd from  highway
POTHOLES
Pothole is in front  a fire hydrant on eastbound National Ave. at 30th Street.The pothole is approximately 5" to 7" deep and approximately 36" in length and width.
2 potholes in  south lane intersection  Sunset  Cliffs & Voltaire
TWO POTHOLES
Pothole
A large pothole in  left-hand lane  Southbound Catalina Blvd.  Located relatively close to 911 Catalina Blvd.
There are over 20 potholes in both southbound lanes  Camino Ruiz between Jade Coast Drive and Miramar Road. They are too numerous to m all here. Please repair.
DANGEROUS POTHOLE 4 FT DIAM. 1 FT DEEP.  N/B. ON SOLEDAD. WILL DAMAGE VEHICLE IF CAR GOES OVER IT
huge pot hole. possible undercarriage Damage to left drive tire.
A LOT OF POTHOLES


Pot hole needs to be repaired.
Several holes here
Hole on side  road
Medium hole in middle  lane
Several holes here at intersection
pothole
Pothole at  pedestrian crossing
Gargantuan CRATERS in  entire intersection, to many to try to dodge, your going to fall in one  m.
Really bad pothole in  northbound side. Looks like a botched maintenance job. Very hard to see in  shade or dark.
Giant pothole from months long cy water leak into road.
Drive  street , re Re pot holes everywhere. And don't turn m into a mountain, 's a hole, make  level.
Multiple pot holes on SB Park Blvd at B.
DEEP POTHOLE E/B AT MEDIAN
Pothole
Pothole in intersection  Upas and 33rd.
SINKHOLE AT BYPASS ALONG DRAIN. 10FT DEEP OPENING. 6FT PIPE W/ DRILL HOLES VISIBLE
2 huge potholes on Pennant way east  Fried aveYou patched anor massive one at  bottom  Pennant 2 weeks ago why  didn't y repair se at same time ??? makes no sense, I reported all  m at same time. Now y are much worse unsafe
massive pothole Hickman field Dr west side and corner   Copley Dr at least 5 inches deep
Norast side, far left lane by median--intersection  convoy and balboa
Multiple pot holes
Potholes
Large pothole in left turn lane, southbound Harbor to northbound Cesar Chavez.  pothole is passed  tracks
Pothole on Murray Ridge at Pinecrest.
There are three large potholes in  facily. This is  middle one and  ors are whin 25 yards on eir side. As you can see  one is que large and  or ones or at least as big.  thank you.
A series  dangerous potholes directly under  overpass right before State St.
This is a Pothole that has increased into two combined Potholes ,   Intersection  Boyd Ave ., Old Meadow Rd and Acworth Ave .  In   Clairemont/ Linda Vista 92111 area  Mt Streets. Actually  entire road  Acworth and Boyd need attention ...However...getting  pothole at  stop would be a great start..Thank You !!!
4500 Ruffin Road  southbound far right lane near  crosswalk ..large deep pothole
southbound Ruffin Road far right  turn just before you turn right onto Areo Drive  several jarring potholes
Cluster  several potholes, nearly always filled wh water that is probably worsening  erosion   road.
Major potholes on San Carlos Drive between Lake Badin and Lake Murray. This is a high traffic street, especially on schools days. Please get se fixed ASAP!
Old trolley tracks starting to show through  pavement.
Potholes
Pot holes very deep.
2 foot wide pothole
Huge pothole southbound on Sunset Cliffs Blvd just south  intersection Santa Monica Ave
several potholes along Tyrolean Rd, 92126
pothole northbound on Marbury Ave
pothole in center  street at manhole cover, Marbury Ave intersection wh Chart House Street
There a dozen small potholes on Marbury Avenue between Chart House Street and Hillery Drive that need to be patched before y get worse.  Marbury Avenue is in sad shape, wh countless patches already applied.   really needs to be repaved.  I have asked for  before, but received no response.  Why not??
Corner  Navajo / Waring / College Ave. Turning right onto Waring Rd.  pavement is terrible causing lots  damage to vehicles.
In from  my drive way  on  road has a pothole  and 's  getting bigger
There are several bad potholes that have formed from  most recent rainstorms along Golfcrest Drive bet. Mission Gorge and Tuxedo roads --  worst  which is between 7582 and 7592 Golfcrest on  west side   street. There's anor gnarly one at 7540 Golfcrest on that same side.
There are so many large potholes all up and down golfcrest drive.
Large pothole right after  intersection going east on New Salem Street (towards  library). This area also tends to flood when  rains and 's hard to see  pothole.Cross streets: Camino Ruiz and New Salem St.
Extreme pothole in far left lane  Hawthorne ex from 5N. Needs immediate repair. Will cause major damage to vehicles.
From in front  5752 To in  front  5564 Waring rd and furr towards princess view drive large gaping gashes  missing asphalt riadneedscompkete repaving patch jobs are leaving rocks all over  streets
IN FRONT OF THE CHEVRON STATION, LARGE POTHOLE, ON CORONADO AVE IN SOUTH BAY
pothole at west end  bridge -- approx. a foot wide and four inches deep in center west bound lane at end  bridge deck.
This pothole popped my tire


Numerous large and medium sized potholes on Milton Street from Garfield Rd. to  Burgener Blvd. curve.  The largest one is on  east bound lane just before  curve.  Due to all  water pipe work many  se potholes have been filled numerous times.  Wh all  rain  patches have sunk leaving large potholes.
Pothole left hand lane, under  bridge.
Pothole, in  right lane going north, approximately 50 feet north    intersection wh Prospect. Issue mostly is that  hole is  driving (wheel) lane, so people are swerving to avoid .
Northbound Pacific Highway under I-5 overpass AC pavement is in need  repair. This is beyond a single pothole. The condion is continually deteriorating.
Two large potholes on northbound Andorra Way, about 8-10 feet apart, just south   stop sign at Madrigal St.
69th St. has major potholes exemplified in  picture by  El Cajon Blvd alley. I think  has been ignored  because   pipeline that will go through soon. In  meantime  potholes need filling.
3-4 huge potholes right next to each or in left lane.
7 FT POTHOLE (N/B)
Lots  potholes
Several large, deep potholes in  far left lane underneath 5 freeway overpass.  They are getting larger and causing significant damage to vehicles.
Large pothole under i-5 overpass westbound
Several large pot holes in imediate area
Add intersection  Plum Street and Hugo Street re is a large pothole.
Pot holes.
Pothole
2 Giant Potholes- one is at least 12" diameter and  or 18" in diameter. 's hard to see since 's dark under  overpass, which makes m hard to avoid.
Pothole
Pothole
Large pothole in  crosswalk at Florida and El Cajon BLVD that is filled will run f water from  storms
Large sink hole developing.  least five feet diameter. Located over water or sewer line in middle.
Large round pothole in  center   street
POTHOLE IN ALLEY
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Really deep bad pothole...axle-buster or potentially dangerous for someone riding a bike. Thanks for all you do to keep our cy safe!!!
The two lanes  in both directions have a number  big potholes
2 large potholes in eastbound lane
Although This Pothole has been reported in numerous times in recent months, as to date,  hasn't been repaired
2 potholes east bound 3900 federal by police pistol range
at Bluffside Avenue, pot hole in lane east bound Bluffside Avenue to north bound on Mission Bay to I-5 northbound, re is whe paint spilled around  pothole
Potholes along street
In front   library going south on sunset cliffs at intersection  Santa Monica.  may as well be a crater.
Pothole
Pot hole in south west  lane, approx. 100 yards from walk bridge near southbound I-15 freeway entrance.  se is 300 yards from 18655 west Bernardo Dr. address where you corrected  pot two weeks ago.Many thanks
Large pothole in #1 lane E/B Sorrento Valley Blvd at Sorrento Valley Road just before easternmost crosswalk.
Pothole at Bluff Side Drive and Mission Bay Dr.
Several large potholes plus  water lines were replaced and when El Cajon paving put in cement where  lines were replaced re is a huge cap between  cement and  original asphalt so when large vehicles go over  area  creates a huge vibration in my house when heavy vehicles go over  area creating an earthquake effect, most annoying and happens ten, I am sure something can be done to alleviate  shaking sensation,  problem is on  east side  Mission Blvd, thank you Pamela Schwe
SEVERAL POTHOLES ON GARDENA AV
POTHOLE
Everything between  two intersections and under  overpass is one big pot hole !!!!
3 to 4 potholes exist on Westbound Pomerado Rd just west  Chabad Ctr intersection.
Huge!! Popped a tire.
Pavement washed away next to edge  street near storm grate about 6' x 2' maximum and about 4 inches deep. Call me for furr details at 808-639-9000 thank you
POTHOLE.
POTHOLE.
Problem: Large, deep pot hole on Harbor Dr at  intersection  HarborDr and Cesar Chavez Parkway.  The hole is in  area  intersection as one drives in  right lane toward National Cy. Thishole could cause major tire, even front end damage if a car hs .
Pothole
Several potholes whin a few hundred feet
Anor pothole
Anor pothole
Anor pothole
Anor pothole
Anor pothole


Anor pothole
Huge pothole. Southbound framp.
Trench across both lanes that is both sunken and raised.   was repaired recently and  work was very poor.  Actually pretty patic.  This is  third time that I have reported  dangerous suation.  Wh  sunken and raised sections  throws  vehicles up in  air.  Please repair properly asapBetween 635 and 636 Nautilus Street, bot lanes
Off ramp from 5 south to Hawthorne two giagiantic potholes Left lane right before first light at top  hill been re for a month today blew out 2 tires
2 to 3 potholes that are growing in size. Right under bridge before you h  first traffic signal.
This is  second request to fix  MEGA pothole. How many cars will need to get front end alignments before you schedule  for tomorrow? This hole is growing! Cannot straddle hole wh car.We are talking about Miramar Rd. Heavy traffic. I cannot stop and take a photo   hole. no place to stop. Thank you for your attention to  in advance.  The hole is between Noble Dr and Eastgate Mall. Eastbound right lane
 east bound lane in  block has numerous potholes that are a hazard for both, drivers and pedestrians
pothole
THE ROAD OF REHCO RD HAS MANY POT HOLES
large pot hole in front  my house in  street directly in front  my ddriveway
Bad pothole on Hawthorn coming f  I 5

Pothole on  intersection
Pothole
Pothole has reappered
Pothole on Felspar Street, north side, near Pico Street
Potholes on north side and middle  Archer Street between Cass and Dawes
Potholes at curb area. They are getting worse.
Please fix  pothole on Fairmount Ave going north, were  street goes under  I-8 freeway.  is difficult to avoid while driving.
The pothole is on Venice right at  entrance to  alley by Silver Gate Elementary, on  east side   street.
The pothole is on Venice where  crosses Orchard.  is on  south side   intersection.
In  west bound lanes just east   Intersection here
Redwood St between 40th-38th St. 92105
Potholes along  road. Deep.
Pot hole turning to sink hole
There are multiple very large potholes
Murray Ridge Rd. and Raejean Ave. intersection
Asphalt patches from recent utily work are degraded or depressed after recent rains. Incidents range from UCSD south to Via Alicante along both bike lane and outer lane  Gilman Drive southbound. Bare dirt shows through some   patches.
Utily work excavation fill in appears unpaved. This is at entrance to Gilman Drive Park and Ride lot on  GIlman side.
Souast-bound direction  Main St, Right-hand lane. Just before you go underneath  Hwy 5 underpass.A pothole several inches deep and about 1 foot in diameter.Also several smaller potholes in  middle   intersection  Yama St and Main St.In fact, Yama St should be on  list to be resurfaced since  is in very bad shape.You have lots  navy base traffic going thru using that street to get on base so  gets a lot  wear and tear.
Very deep potholes on  roundabout
Potholes
POTHOLE

POTHOLE
Potholes all down southbound Ingraham st. between Perez Cove and end  bridge.
Pot Hole north bound Santo rd before  left turn lane to Clairemont Mesa Bl
A LOT OF POTHOLES ALONG ST. GOING TOWARD BURGENER
In  alley between Voltaire and Muir. Recently a utily company was allowed to run fiber optic underground in  alley in front  my carport. They placed quick set asphalt in  hole,  has sunken in about six inches and continues to sink. I have fallen over twice coming out  my carport on my motorcycle because   hole, please help !?
Huge potholes
Couple potholes in crosswalk  intersection. Heading south on 6th, turning right to west Universy.
Pothole on right lane Heading east on Market st right before reaching 4925 Market St, San Diego, CA 92102
The entire stretch  La Jolla Parkway between Torrey Pines rd. and  5 is riddled wh potholes, ruts and bumps!!  's dangerous to try to avoid m whout crossing into next lane.  Resurfacing is sorely needed for  heavily-traveled road.  Can't take photos due to speed and lack  sidewalk.
many potholes located on Arbor Drive, nearest cross street is First. The cul de sac in front  125 Arbor Drive needs serious road repair! Thanks
s directly after  light on Santa Monica and sunset cliffs, and before  library
6"+ potholes in  eastbound lanes where  street was recently patched after underground work.   Major damage caused to tires.
Pothole
Single layer checkering.
2" layer break out
4" deep hole.
Still a pothole at  entrance to  15 on ramp y close  report that I placed earlier  is not for Caltrans  is  cy  San Diego issue. In  left lane turning up  ramp to  freeway from Scripps Poway Parkway!!

Large round hole in center  roadway
Pothole
Pothole
West Mission Bay Dr. at  circular ramp to get on   8 freeway. pot holes and throughout  ramp
Potholes and pavement damage along street. Area is getting worse and rocks are causing tire damage to vehicles.
There are a series  deep potholes at  intersection where Berryknoll St meets Tyrolean Rd.  The potholes are mostly located along  south side   transion from  asphalt road to  concrete drainage path that seperates Berryknoll from Tyrolean.  The condion   road re is dangerous and is likely to cause serious damage to cars.  There are or potholes on  surrounding streets, but  is  worst right now in  area.  Thank you very much in advance for responding to  request and fixing  problem.
Several pot holes in  street have caused many drivers issues wh ir tires including mine. There are about five large and deep potholes in  street alone.  I've counted over five since last week.
Pothole on framp 805N to Mira Mesa, at bridge start left lane
Huge pothole, far left lane- under  bridge
Pothole on left lane (on area repaired previously)  westbound Balboa.
 actually looks more  like a sink hole
Two deep potholes
Pothole going west in front  8960 Hillery
POTHOLE DAMAGED RIM ON TWO TIRES
Pothole in a  middle   intersection at Hillary dr & greenford.
Numerous potholes in right lane, West bound Balboa, East  clairemont dr
Pothole going south on N. Harbor Drive next to Ruocco Park.
 street has multiple large potholes and is in dire need  repair.  Heavily traveled road.
Failed patch at Palomar and electric, needs concrete!
There is 4 to 5 deep potholes on  street Thank you
Holw


Improper or incomplete repair.

Golfcrest Drive, specifically between  cross-streets  Ruane St. and Monte Verde Dr. is ltered wh potholes that follow a string pattern up and down  street.  This is an issue on both sides  Golfcrest Drive.
Potholes at  south east corner  Kettner and Hawthorne Street
Very large wide pothole that is almost as wide as  lane. Hard to miss as you ex  freeway and make a left turn.
Sixth Ave & Hawthorne
LARGE POTHOLE RIGHT BEFORE INTERSECTION ON VALLECITOS
The gap between  San Diego River bridge on Seaworld Drive/Sunset cliff heading to  traffic light (I-8 and Sunser Cliff) is getting larger.
Improperly filled  holes before  light. The two potholes are still pretty deep. Third one is right by  light.
The potholes in Point Loma are out  control especially on sports area and  freeway entrances.
Improperly filled  holes before  light. The two potholes are still pretty deep. Third one is right by  light.
Westbound Balboa, east  Clairemont Drive and at Clairemont Drive, 3 - 4 major/ hazardous potholes
POT HOLE
Pot hole right lane eastbound
Huerfano Ave from Avati to Driscoll is showing an increased number  transverse cracks. Orwise road in very good condion (no potholes yet)  Please do some crack sealing as schedule perms. I believe you resurfaced  portion   road about 5 years ago. 's worth protecting our road investment! Thanks

Pot hole
The complaint I have is, for a road that was repaired, and what looks like y laid down concrete side walk materials, instead  using  correct roadway pavment. The reason I am filing  complaint today is because if,  road way was paved correctly wh  right materials, re would not be so much unnecessary loudness from each car or truck that rides along that part   sidewalk/road. Already we all live on a busy street, but  extra noise   is que annoying ,wrong, and unnecessary noise. I would appreciate someone to come take a look to fix  matter please. I have spoke wh surrounding neighbors who have noticed to. Please feel free to contact me for updates or questions.
Two potholes
The Entire Road  Via Frontera starting at West Bernardo Dr. has multiple, multiple potholes on both sides   street
5800 - 5900 block  Mission Gorge Rd pot holes
On 56 Westbound (Ted Williams Parkway)In  Right Lane just West   Interstate 15. s as soon as you get f  ex to The 56 from Southbound I-15.
Several potholes. I reported  before and I had assumed because when I checked  status  my previous complaint  said closed that  was dealt wh. What's  purpose   app if all you do is ignore complaints. And why would you say my complaint is closed when nothing was done.
 was filled in wh dirt but  recent rain has washed some   away.  is also in  crosswalk used by children twice a day and a tripping hazard. Thank you, wayne simard ( Lead crossing guard at Ocean Beach Elementary )
2 foot pothole, about 3 inches deep
Potholes along  gutter at  intersection  Paseo Montalban and Paseo Cevera. There's anor pothole northbound on Paseo Cevera from where all se potholes are at also.
Very deep hole at intersection  4850 Genesee and Bannock!  West side  street left lane
Multiple potholes over  entire street.  Request repair and will subm addional request for full street resurfacing or slurry sealing.
Pot hole going west bound toward chabad center dwy
Pothole
Pothole
Large pothole in lane just south  Pinecrest intersection. 4-6" deep
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pot hole in front  5063 Chollas Pkwy South.  Asphalt. Cross street is 6-7 houses away, Collura St
Pothole in front  5075 Chollas Pkwy South. Nearest cross st is Collura.
Three (3) Potholes in front  5081 Chollas Pkwy South. Nearest cross street is Collura. Two are small and one is medium but deeper.
Asphalt along gutter is degrading across from 5075 Chollas Pkwy South. Nearest cross street is Collura.
Pothole
Multiple potholes in  alley connecting Iowa St. and 32nd St., as well as  alley running parallel between Iowa St. and 32nd St.  Potholes vary in size, but all are pretty deep.  There was cy construction in  area between around August 2016 through September 2016, and  alleys have been torn up since n.  The recent rain has made  potholes so much worse.   is starting to get difficult to drive in and out   alley.
large depression / pothole forming around old patch
Large deep area whout asphalt causing damage to tire rims on vehicles.
POTHOLE
1 As you enter  freeway going east on  8 rosecrans st and also Rosecrans st has ahaon going east between sterne and freeman left lane 2 Mira mar rd as you come f  805 going east right lane right adter  noble dr light
POTHOLE
For over 5 years re has been uneven pavement that causes traffic to swerve and come to sudden stops.  Pavement is raised 6 inches normal in spots and sinks over 4 inches below normal.
large potholes on sanyo between airway and otay mesa
POTHOLES AND CRACKS IN STREET
Test
Pothole is overfilled 2 inches. Needs to be flattened to street level.
Going southbound at  intersection  Onalaska Ave and Afton Rd. Pothole is in  middle   intersection on  southbound lane.
Pothole going from railroad towards Mira mesa. This pothole has been here for que a while.
Potholes galore. There are probably 30-40 on Jade Coast east  Camino Ruiz (more if we're counting westbound and eastbound). I'm not sure if requesting se potholes to be fixed more frequently would help get m fixed any faster, so I usually only put in a request every week or so. Thanks for having  app and allowing us to report various issue for  cy to look into fixing.
Pavement on east side  Carmel Grove & Carmel Creek intersection is severely & extensively eroded/damaged and is a safety hazard for bicyclists, pedestrians, cars.
Deep pothole in  intersection  North Harbor Drive and West Grape Street.  Needs to be fixed immediately,  is a trip hazard.  Continuing south on Harbor Drive re are two more potholes.
North and south bound side  Golfcrest between Tuxedo and Ruane have multiplepotholes
balboa avenue west  genesee in both directions all  way to PB, is in need  repair. Road is unsafe, dips, broken payment, deep cracks, .
The entire alley behind my home was destroyed by Ortiz Construction months ago when y were repairing  water lines.  is almost impossible to park in our designated spots because  all  deep holes and most   cement covers for  water shut f valves are busted.
 street named balboa arms in both directions east and west, need to be resurfaced.  There are deep cracks, broken and missing payment, from mt. Abernathy to genessee ave.  Poorly maintained and unsafe road, wh missing payment, cracks, potholes, uneven payment and dips.
Pot hole directly in front  house and up/down entire street.
intersection damage / pothole Chateau Drive / Lyric Lane
Damage to intersection Lyric Lane and Limerick Avenue
multiple potholes on Lyric Lane
Road damage/potholes
s on  turn going up Goode (right turn) from Briarwood (corner  briarwood and goose)
Potholes in  eastbound #3 lane between 3100 and 3375 Sports Arena Blvd.
Potholes on  south and east sides   intersection  Sports Arena Blvd and Rosecrans St.
s not  kind  pothole you are thinking  but in  concrete alleyway, re is a water hole cover that has sunk and when cars go over , 's like going over a deep square pothole.  Every time  garbage truck comes here,  truck is always hting that hole wh  right-front wheel and n right rear wheel and  sways so much I get nervous  might tip over since 's banked in  area.   also shakes our apartment when those garbage trucks h  dip.  Can you please make  level again?
on 8935  gold coast drive..large pothole west bound lane
on 8750 gold coast drive east bound lane ...large area  deep potholes and high bumps..so jarring and dangerous ...no way to avoid damage to alignment on one's car.
There are several potholes on A Street between 26th and 27th Street.
MEDIUM SIZE POTHOLE S/B ON TORREY PINES RD. RIGHT BEFORE THE FORK TO LA JOLLA PKWY
Major pothole on northbound Fairmont under I-8, caused damage to my car!!
Pothole on Luna heading towards Pocahontas.
Exing from 5NB as you curve around onto Hawthorne under  fwy. Multiple pot holes. One or two are huge and my vehicle slams into . Affects my alignment, tires and suspension. Has been a chronic problem in that area. On Hawthorne directly under fwy 5.
Pothole on Waring Rd. Heading west towards Eldridge.
PER CONS: HUMONGOUS POTHOLE 5FT WIDE/1FT DEEP N/B ON 69TH ST. BEFORE 3-WAY STOP. CAUSING TRAFFIC TO DRIVE ON OPPOSITE LANE TO AVOID DAMAGE.
Pothole on Appleton approaching New Haven from Genesee.
Pothole heading east towards Genesee on Appleton.
3 big potholes
So many times  has been reported. The lid says sdg&e!!!!
There are 2 large potholes in  alley   4500 block  Oregon. In hte alley between Oregon and Idaho. If you turn in  alley from Madison you will see  first, largest one. Drive 15 more feet and  you will see  second pothole. I think y are both at least 1 foot wide and 6-8 inches deep.My driveway is just beyond  second pothols, so I get to drive around m twice a day.
Numerous large potholes in  block between Health Center Dr and Meadow Lark Dr. Many  m are 1-2 feet in diameter and several inches deep. They have become worse in  last few weeks and drivers ten move into oncoming lane to avoid m.
lg pothole in st
Large pothole in  right lane heading east about 300 yards from stoplight for  15 South
What  hell is wrong wh you people. The whole 5 Freeway North and South from LA Jolla Village Drive to  bypassed is like driving in a 3rd world country. What in  world are you doing wh our tax dollars!!!??? You need to make  section   5 an emergency repair ASAP!!!
2 large potholes on southbound Aldine where  turns into fairmount
Third Ave between Redwood & Quince is badly damaged causing trip hazard and damaging vehicles
pothole  did damage to 2 tires on a BMW
Very bad pothole at northwest corner  4630 Pico St. and 2590 Felspar St. in Pacific Beach....causing car damage.
Deep potholes on both sides  street adjacent to house under construction.  Needs to be refilled.
In  "O" Lot  Balboa Hospal which is owned and operated by  Cy  San Diego,  is where a majory   workers park, me included. re are pot holes  size  my car! They are huge...I realize you need to take care   streets first but if you could put us on your list for maybe summer when  is slow hopefully? We would be eternally grateful! Thank you!
Big pothole on  I-8 onramp left lane.
Several potholes on  bridge over Otay River on Beyer Way.
The street on Grissom St near Narwhal St have several potholes.
Pothole
Large pothole is forming on a previous repaired pothole.
Pothole at intersection  S Woodman St/Fuji st
When new asphalt was put down in late 2016  asphalt around  south portion   manhole was not smood down to level grade. This produces a "pothole" effect when you drive over . Solution is to Grind down  sourn half   asphalt lip to be at grade and stop  pot hole effect
Long pothole
Multiple potholes in middle lane  Genesee headed north, approving Science Center.
Dangerous potholes on Mission Bay Drive, north   visor's center. A constuent's vehicle was damaged when y drove over m.
Multiple pot deep potholes
A few Pot holes in  intersection  Easter way and vision Drive.Has been messing up peoples tires.
Mission Blvd has had new sewer lines put in and in  replacement   lines and repair   street re is a huge uneven area where  cement meets  asphalt causing an big vibration in my building when vehicles cross over  area, I have never felt  before and  needs to be corrected I certainly do not want to have  vibration causing damage to my home,  feels like and earthquake all day long,  needs to be corrected and  course re are many potholes,  area is on  west side   blvd,  address area is 3564 mission blvd,  el cajon paving did not do a very good job in  redo   blvd, y need to come back and correct things
LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF ADDRESS
One  our school bus driver reported a large sink hole on Upas Street, at  school bus loading zone area.  Location Upas St. @ Albert St. T-Intersection approximately 20 feet west.
Large pothole in  intersection right where inner lanes h  going to and from Sorrento Valley Blvd.
Deep phole
You have dug up our street (Mission Blvd) so many times in  last couple  years that  has now effected  integry and strength   street.There are big creases, holes in , etc.. So now every time a big truck goes by  shakes our building. The person above us said her son came to vis and he was woken up in  middle   night to what he thought was an earthquake.We greatly appreciate  improvements you have made in Mission Beach over  last few years but we now feel  street and how  makes our building shake is a safety haZard.Thank you so much for any help  you can give us.  Marcy Haskell
Center  intersection at Rosecrans and Sports Arena Blvd
In left turn lane coming from chollas direction
Rail road crossing east bound on Beech has a terrible pothole in  rail tracks
Potholes in  intersection
A very large pot hole just below median half way up Del Mar Scenic Parkway, Del Mar, CA 92014. This was originally reported on 05-31-16, reference #00082553 but  does not appear that anything was done as  hole is getting bigger and has become a road hazard. Please address as soon as possible. Thank you.
also;asphalt holes giant Dawes & alley between Reed & Thomas
Large pot holes on spots arena as you approach Rosecrans as well as  middle   intersection.
Pot holes on both Rosecrans and Kurtz (south  Rosecrans)
Area around railroad tracks is a mess wh busted pavement and pot holes. Also  block between  5 and  trolly track is pot holed
Massive set  potholes/degraded asphalt need filled just before leaving W. Pt Loma Bl/Midway Dr to ex loop west and around to intersect wh Sea World east.

Pot hole in cross walk at home and Fairmount.
Massive number  potholes in  right 270 degree loop from Ingram St to  overpass over and joining W. Pt Loma Bl.  Both lanes.
Pot hole at end  bridge left lane.
Numerous pot holes along  stretch  W. Pt Loma Bl in both directions, some needing refilled again.
Numerous pot holes in all 4 lanes in both directions some needing filled in again.
Multiple potholes & uneven patches appeared after  rain, on Rancho Carmel Dr between Windcrest Ln & Provencal Pl.

Pot hole on S/bound Mission Bl.
Street surface bad.
Marbled street
Tons  potholes, entire 1900, 2000, 2100, 2200, 2300 block  bacon St 92107, including 2051 Bacon, 2086 Bacon, 2087 Bacon, 2090 Bacon St, 2122 Bacon, 2131 Bacon, 2154 Bacon, 2161 Bacon St,  2183 Bacon St, 2244 Bacon St, Entire intersections  Bacon St and Cape May, Bacon St and Brighton, Bacon St and Muir, Bacon St and Voltaire Ave, Bacon St and Long Branch,
Hundreds  potholes along W. Pt Loma Bl from Ebers St to Bacon St including 4912, 4851, 4867, 4849, 4844, 4825, 4774, 4765, 4755, 4756, 4747, 4725, 4734, W. Pt Loma Blvd in all lanes., Also 4747 Greene St at W. Pt Loma Bl.
Small pothole in center  intersection  Froude St and Santa Monica Ave due top recent rain storms. Needs some asphalt please.
Dozens  potholes  entire intersection  Sunset Cliffs Bl and W. Pt Loma Bl. Needs filling and smood please to prevent tire and vehicle damage in OB's most busy intersection. Please hurry !!!!
Pothole
Hundreds  pot holes on  loop from Ingraham St up and over  W. Pt Loma overpass to W. Pt Loma Bl causing severe damage to tires, etc, and could cause vehicle accidents if wet wh such severely eroded pot hole filled 270 degree right climbing turn area. Both lanes . Thanks.
Pothole is located on Fashion Valley Road, in  left lane, north bound. Between Hotel Circle and Riverwalk.
Pot hole at intersection
several large potholes on Camino Del Norte in eastbound and westbound lanes approximately 250-300' west   Route 15 overpass
ROAD REPAIR NEEDED ON 54TH FRONTAGE STREET (EAST SIDE) BETWWEN COLLEGE GROVE DRIVE AND STREAMVIEW DRIVE
Deep Pothole at  intersection  Berryknoll St and Tyrolean Rd.
large potholes
There are two potholes located at  corner  24th st and Russ Blvd. Both are pretty deep and could use attention soon. Thx.
Resident called to reporting potholes on Herage Road (92154) from Otay Valley Road to Otay Mesa Road. Multiple potholes found north and south bound.
Series  potholes in turnpocket from Convoy to Aero.
Pot hole in  crosswalk south side  Universy Ave, which runs thru 40 Th St. Tracking #00146990 was closed BUT THE WORK WAS NOT PERFORMED-DONE ! Needs to be fixed !!!
Pothole middle lane.
Two 10 to 16 inch wide pot holes.  As you go south on Florida st.  Very deep.  Possibly 6 to 8 inches deep.

Sevreal potholes in both directions   street
Potholes everywhere
Alley behind homes from Huron Ave to Jumano Ave: potholes, abandoned vehicles, huge tree roots, deep ruts behind 4735 Jumano Ave and house next door at end  alley at Jumano (cy "non-fixed" deep potholes behind 4735 jumano not long ago- "fix" did not last and in fact resulted in  deep ruts.
Large pot hole on  south 15 on ramp from aero drive
Really bad please fix  is my second request~ Thank you
Many large potholes
Numerous potholes on Fairmont heading north.
On edge  driveway. Hazard for old resident taking garbage cans out.
Pothole in southbound lane  Jacaranda Pl, at stop sign. Que dangerous when drivers swerve left to avoid .
pothole on palm ave near Churruck Dr
Water bubbling out  a pothole in  street along southbound Convoy St. in front   Wesco bldg.
Potholes at intersection to Castle Glen. Street needs resurfacing
Uneven surface after underground work at  southwest corner  Convoy and Kearny Mesa.
Two large potholes headed northbound before  onramp to  8 East on sports arena BLVD. Then  8 east onramp self could use some major repairs
Pothole intersection Market & Gateway
Giant and square like some construction was done and  wasn't fixed correctly.
GOAT TRAIL so many potholes and cracks every few feet y are throughout all  lanes needs to be repaved
Dump truck amount  garbage, gas can, pallet,mattress pushed against center divide wall.disgraceful for San Diego
BIG CRATER in  west bound lane hard to dodge  one.
2 potholes on  entrance to Nimz Blvd from Famosa. Located about 10' from each or. One on Famosa and one on  onramp to Nimz
Craters forming at  end   ramp where  asphalt joins  cement
This street area has a couple  deep and long cracks in  street.
Pothole in WB Upas at 32nd.
Rancho Carmel Dr between Shoal Creek Dr and  communy center is riddled wh potholes and bad road. Please fix!
Recent repairs are great. However, two northbound lanes on I-5 just north  Genesse are completely coming apart.
Pot hole is at least 12 x18 inches and in  southbound lanes  Crawford
In  left lane as you're getting onto  52 east. J got a flat tire because if 
Torn up street. Potential safety hazard. 35th St. between Madison and Monroe in Normal Heights.
  north east corner   intersection near  curb.  Large pothole.  Trouble for persons turning east onto Zion.


I have complained numerous times about Miramar Rd.  's heavily traveled and cars sweet to avoid pot holes and sustain, at least, alignment problems.   is a horrible road.  I see or not so bad roads in  area get attention but never  entire Miramar road
Potholes are in  alley reported  issue before and nothing was done.  is closed.
3 to 4" pothole Eastbound Sorrento Valley Blvd left lane at cross-street Sorrento Valley Road, can cause tire damage or vehicles to swerve close to next lane. Frequent area  potholes opening up. Reported one re last year. THANKS.
Road repair crew carved out rows  concrete along and across Washington St. months ago, and never filled . The rows are 10-20 feet long, about 5 inches wide, and 3-4 inches deep. Possibly for fiberoptics, but 's been months and  carve-outs are still re. Very dangerous for cyclists and hard on  car suspension. Please fix . Thank you.
A ltle furr behind me lane to head on to San Clemente. Deep sharp hole
Pothole on  left lane  Carmel Valley Rd in  middle   intersection wh El Camino Real. Looks like  was previously repaired, but  repair is no longer intact and a pothole is re again.
Potholes
Multiple potholes; curb damage

rocks from  mountain in  middle   road real hazard waing for accident to hapen  tree branch street and on datsun street sink hole and pothole real deep hole
Some months ago re was a water leak, y had to dig a hole to fix  issue. Ever sense re is a uneven pavement from  covering-up   hole.
Pothole
Potholes in intersection  Convoy St and Kearny Villa Rd
Pot hole Navajo & Boulder Lake
POTHOLE
A crew had been working in  area about two weeks ago and trenched across  street.  They have done a horrible job   refilling  trench.  Can you please address  problem!
Uplifting and sinking cement at  same time. Whole alley is broken
Huge pothole in  crosswalk  southbound Florida on  south side  El Cajon Blvd, right in front  7-11.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes in  intersection
I reported  earlier. I received an update indicating  had been repaired. Clearly not.

PER CUSTOMER THERE IS ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON ACRON BETWEEN COLLEGE AND 62ND.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON TROJAN AVE.
Fairly sizable pothole in  middle   crosswalk in  intersection  Murray ridge road and pinecrest ave.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE ON FLORIDA ST SOUTH OF THE EL CAJON BLVD INTERSECTION.
Potholes
POTHOLE NEEDS TO BE FILLED AGAIN. GOING TO GET WORSE WITH THE NEXT RAIN.
The following have been previously submted and marked as "Closed"  There are still TWO POT HOLES at  location.Tracking Number: 00138360 and 0014630Problem Type: Pothole Problem Description: Two potholes at  intersection  El Cajon Blvd and Florida Street (southwest side  intersection). Even when  is not raining re is water running down  curb line along El Cajon Blvd into  area which deteriorates  asphalt. Problem Location: El Cajon Blvd and Florida Street
We have reported  section  Pacific Hwy multiple times over  last 3 years and nothing has been done. When approaching Rosecrans/Taylor  Pacific Hwy. road is like a washboard. Unacceptable!!!!!
Aldine on ramp to fairmount re is a deep pot hole.
Huge pothole in left lane heading northbound. FIX IT!!!
Located at corner  Lomica Dr & Hispano Dr
Eastern side  54th and streamview
54th and streamview
north bound side  street is sinking
There is a Huge hole that scrapes  bottom  my car  when I try to park in my parking spot. Our alley is now  a dirt alley ever since  cy worked on  pipes. Us and all   or neighbors have assigned spots back re. Please repave back our dirt alley and fix all  potholes back r ( too many to count).  looks like we live out in  country roads  Texas Currently.
Multiple Pot holes
Several huge potholes in f ramp from I-8 to Taylor Street
large potholes at 3434  ingraham st
Potholes at  corner  San Vicente and Cardiff
Potholes at  corner  Cardiff and San Vicente
A couple small potholes after  rain at 1st and Maple.
No work was performed at  intersection  Florida at and El Cajon blvd (south side). Will  potholes be repaired in  near future.
2ft pothole  huge
In  middle  Genessee Ave at  Bannock intersection.
large pothole in center  street, heavy commute area
The cy  installed a light and  a stop sign but now we are left  wh a pothole  along wh  a strand   uncovered  cement  that  runs  from one end to  or  .
OPEN TRENCH IN ALLEY ON LAJOLLA MESA DR BETWEEN AGGOTT & ARCHER
Elliott street has numerous potholes
Potholes
Large pothole on corner  paradise valley and meadowbrook
Potholes
Big pothole.
Multiple pot holes in road leading to homes 5740, 5742, & 5746 Division Street.

There are two potholes about 20 yes away form each or that keep getting worse.
Multiple potholes
Big pot hole wh lots  rocks next to 
Cracks
Pothole located in  intersection  Londonderry and Dunholme
Road is in horrible shape and causing tire damage
Pothole on turning lane
There are three huge deep potholes on  street.
There are many potholes on  street.

Large pothole in  crosswalk covered by water, so you don't know you've h  until you hear your car bottoming out. In  crosswalk closest to 7-11.
Pothole 2ft x 1ft
Pothole in Middle  Street. In front  my House. 4289 Moraga Ave.
Pothole in right lane
2 big ones just before Laurel


Right lane before Torrey and La Jolla shore intersection
Pothole on framp shoulder to 5 from 163.
pot holes

Approx. 1 foot pothole located between Midway drive and Kenyon street on Kemper street.
In  middle   street 2 cars got flat tires
Big ol' pothole
This intersection is so busy and has lots  potholes.
Very bad road all up and down  street from El Cajon blvd
There are several large cracks and potholes at  intersection  Missouri and Ingram St. Some have been patched but not all  m. I have a Mini cooper so my car is low to  ground and  pothole damaged my tire, which is a run flat tire that could not be repaired and had to be replaced on 02/15/2017. Also, re is a very deep access cover that is dangerous.
Several cracks in  street

Sb Ingraham...
Two potholes along Alvarado Rd. heading west before Reservoir. Spaced out about a quarter mile apart or so.
YourGOVCreate New IssueSign UpSign InOr7189-7199 Parkway Dr, La Mesa, CA 91942, USA424 ftOpenPothole6900 Mohawk, San Diego, .CA 921150.4 miOpenStreet Light Problem5348 Lake Murray Boulevard0.4 miOpenIllegal Dumping6984 Alvarado Rd, San Diego, CA 92120, USA0.5 miOpenSidewalk Issue6771-6773 Sola Avenue0.8 miOpenOr Issue4479 Alamo Way1.1 miOpenPotholeCloseAddress6900 Mohawk, San Diego, .CA 921150.4 miOpenNotesOn Mohawk at  6900 block, 91942, towards  west all  way to Ralph's, 92115, Mohawk street needs resurfaced, repaved and numerous cracks and potholes on  half mile street, repaired.The numerous cracks and potholes have infection and skin rash disease, on Mohawk StreetWork needed by Cy Maintenance,  Streets and Sidewalks...Mohawk Street, 92115, 6900 block, west  70th Street, 91941, towards Ralph's on Montezuma Rd., 92115. ResurfaceRepaveCracksPotholesSidewalksGutters
Pot Hole north bound side  road.
Camino Del Norte needs to be paved.  The only portion   road that needs repairs is  portion owned by  cy, as  county has taken care  ir portion   road.  The stretch would be from  15 up through Camino San Bernardo ex.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON INGRAHAM PRIOR TO THE MISSOURI INTERSECTION.
several potholes in front   house and up and down street
Pothole on SB lane  Florida St, on  south side   El Cajon intersection.
Huge potholes and broken water line that has been fixed many times before but does not stay fixed and breaks again. Potholes just get worse wh rain
Deep pothole east bound
Ft. Rosecrans National Cemetery third entrance on bay side f  Cabrillo Memorial Drive.
Several small but deep potholes on N Harbor Drive in #4 lane between Coast Guard Station at 2710 N Harbor Drive and W Hawthorn street.
Numerous potholes.  Please review and fix as soon as possible.  Thank you!
Numerous potholes after heavy rain, please review and repair as soon as possible.  Thank you!
Terrible potholes after  heavy rains, please review and repair as soon as possible.  Thank you!
POTHOLE , 2 FT BY 1 FT WIDE
A pothole is seen at Greenford Rd. and Flanders Rd. at  NE corner   intersection where   wheelchair ramp meets  road.  That is all.

Intersection  Florida and El Cajon - south part, near  ex from  strip mall. There has been a pothole here for  longest time.  always seems to be filled wh water. Is re a water leak underneath ?  I don't think  water is only from  rain. Yesterday my right front tire bottomed out severely striking  pothole.
Pothole on  norast corner  Moraga ave and Ogalala ave.
Fist size asphalt on road coming out from  pothole.
Many potholes
Deep narrow pothole
Several large potholes south lanes  3800 Convoy St., adjacent to  Burger King sign
Making a right turn to Fashion Valley Rd re's a deep sharp pothole. Very pointy and sharp which can blow a tire out.
Per consumer: Possible sinkhole hazard.
40+ potholes on Universy
Pot hole (east  murphy canyon rd west bound Claremont mesa Blvd)
Pothole and chunks  asphalt
3 potholes at  corner  11th and J
under surface  street is washed out - might cause major sink hole
 crosswalk
Multiple
Multiple
Pothole
  corner  main street and yama re are a bunch  deep potholes scattered about. Very obvious.
Several reopened potholes between Genesee and Providence
Deteriorated & Crumbled Street
A significant pothole on NB Ingraham. The address I gave is a very rough, ballpark estimate...The hole is between 3500-3900 Ingraham
There is a pothole in  right westbound lane halfway between interstate 15 and Paseo Lucido.
Number 1 lane deep pothole at end  curve
Reported  last week stated closed. Repair still hasn't been made. Please fix ASAP. Also many or small potholes on same street
Potholes on Andorra getting big! Specifically those near my address but generally at intervals on Andorra from beginning and down to Madrigal 92129
Pothole in lane head straight
1 foot diameter
Pothole
Big pothole in  middle   intersection heading south on Genesee at Bannock. Left lane  Genesee.
There are three deep and large potholes in  intersection  Landis and Chamoune (right in front  Rosa Parks School)
Many pot Holes on entire street
Potholes, mud at SE corner, Street Cracked

cross street from 1441 9th ave downtown  about 2x2 hole. like like  was from a repair job
Huge long pothole in 4th
Big hole on  ex ramp 15 south, Balboa ex about 3inches deep
Potholes along  stretch  Poway road

In  intersection
Two potholes at  location
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Raised iron rings all along Washington
Potholes
Large hole in pavement from previous alligatoring in  crosswalk at  southwest corner  Oregon Street and El Cajon Blvd. in front  San Diego Pie Shop.  The coils for  traffic signal are exposed.  Heavy bus and truck traffic are responsible so pothole should be cleared  old asphalt,  subgrade restablized, a concrete slurry put down and n a two inch (2") layer  asphalt concrete.  This is not a good place to use ATB unless  is just as a temporary patch.
Large hole in pavement from previous alligatoring in  crosswalk at  souast corner  Oregon Street and Polk Avenue, at northwest corner  ALBA High School campus.  This is a heavily used crosswalk as  goes across  south end  North Park Communy Park and serves  high school.  The pothole should be cleared  old asphalt,  subgrade restablized, a concrete slurry put down and n a two inch (2") layer  asphalt concrete.  This is not a good place to use ATB unless  is just as a temporary patch.
Pothole
Potholes in  intersection.
Many large deep potholes on midway
2 terribly deep and large potholes and a small one. Pleaseeeeeeee fill m. Thanks for your service.
Large potholes
Several deepening potholes westbound lane
Pothole at junction wh concrete.




Pothole
Right before On ramp to 8 west  huge pothole in middle lane .
Pothole
2 potholes on  right lane going south on College Ave. no way to avoid m y are side by side
Multiple potholes at intersection  cement and asphalt
PER SDPD THERE IS A LARGE POTHOLE IN THE INTERSECION. S BOUND LANE OF MURRARY RIDGE.
Pothole in left lane northbound
Pothole

Large pothole in  street in front  our home
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE ON THE N BOUND LANE
POTHOLES BOTH SIDES OF STREET. MOSTLY ON THE WEST SIDE.
POTHOLE
Pothole in  south bound right lane  Genesee north  Genesee Court
Pothole in  east bound lane  Marlesta west  Beagle Street
Pot hole on southbound side  street
In intersection, southwest quadrant
Pothole heading west
On westbound side

In right lane
Pothole in area that looks to have been attempted to fix or potholes recently.
The pothole is in  center   street , water coming up from .
Several potholes
Pothole
There's a big pot hole at  corner  El Cajon Blvd and Lincoln Street. Water accumulates right on  pot holes and 's splashing on people who are crossing  street. 's been re for  longest time probably a year now and 's getting bigger.
Marbury Ave, between Mira Mesa Blvd and Hillary Dr, needs to be resurfaced.  The road has many large cracks and holes and  asphalt is crumbling.  Every time  rains, more potholes appear.  The worst holes are patched after each rain, but  patches don't last and  holes become larger.
Several large and small potholes at parking lot entrance
Pot hole in front  drive
Pot hole at intersection
Multiple potholes between Pomerado Road and Sunshine Peak Court.
Potholes up and down Golfcrest between  Navaho and mission gorge road
Bulge up in road
Gigantic sinkhole on El Cajon and Euclid. Was repaired two weeks ago but came back.
Multiple potholes and crumbling roadway
Huge pot hole heading into OB on Sunset Cliffs. This is new and needs to be fixed ASAP. Two cars changing flat tires in  Jack in  Box parking lot wh me.
Placed prior reports, road has now worsened due to rains.  Very poor condion.
The section  Paseo Lucido between Camino Del Norte and Calle Saucillo has lots  pot holes, uneven, eroding surface that is creating dangerous driving condion to  motorists.
Pothole on NB Euclid at El Cajon. 4'x3' about 1 ft deep.
There are large deep cracks and potholes all along norrn College Avenue and Navajo Rd as well as Waring Road.
Pot hole
Pothole
Serious potholes need to be taken care  IMMEDIATELY. Almost crashed, could cause major intersection accident.
Large pothole in  middle   street.
There are over 40 potholes on  street between Camino Santa Fe and Miramar Road and at each intersection
A couple pretty big potholes on grand ave before  cross st lee
Immediately outside   drive way  our facily is a pothole that is damaging our fleet  vehicles. Our business requires our trucks to be on  road daily and coming in and out  our facily multiple times per day. This pothole is causing unnecessary damage and costly repairs to out fleet. Please schedule to have  pothole repaired as soon as possible. Thank you.
The pothole is sinking around a manhole cover.
Several potholes in a cluster. The biggest is about 18" in diameter and 6" deep.  is  wheel lane   eastbound New Salem St at Camino Ruiz, souast corner.

Many sVery deep pot holes on Lincoln Ave
Pothole on right lane on westbound balboa ave

North lane     Eastbound Rosecrans just after  Midway
NORTH BOUND  2 DEEP POTHOLES
DEEP   POTHOLES
This complaint is for all  Tierrasanta Communy.  Our streets are truly a sad state  affairs.  There are potholes all along  main streets (Clairement Mesa Blvd, Santo Rd, etc, etc.  and including side streets on pretty much every street. Some much worse than ors.  Can we please get  fixed?  Not only is  damaging to vehicles but is extremly ugly as well.  There are some giant potholes that havent been fixed for months (and in some cases years).  PLEASE fix .Thank you!
THERE IS ONE HUGE VERY DANGEROUS POT HOLE RIGHT ON COLLEGE IN FRONT OF COCOS THAT NEEDS TO BE ADDRESSED ASAP. SOMEONE WENT AND DID AN AWFUL JOB OF ATTEMPTING TO COVER THE SMALL ONES AND IT SEEMS TO BE A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY THEY WAY ITS BEEING DONE. SOMEONE IS GOING TO GET HURT OR PROPERTY DAMAGED WITH THE HUGE ONE THT HAS NOT BEEN FILLED SINCE FRIDAY.
2 deep potholes heading south on Kettner just after Grape.
Large area  failed asphalt. Cars hting loose pieces are dangerous
There is a deep pothole on  south side sidewalk on Florida Street at El Cajon Blvd. This is a safety hazard will you please rush to get  repaired.
Raised asphalt in bike lane. West bound Sorrento Valley Rd, 2,455 feet/0.48 mi west  Sorrento Valley Bl, at storm drain.GPS: 32.90677, -117.22788.See also #500000136813.
8 inch deep pot hole very hazardous
A hole in  road at  Southwest side   intersection
Three potholes on  north east corner  Eleventh Ave and J St.
Two pot holes under 5 overpass
Pot hole
Deep pothole eastbound next to curb affecting right front tire. Road is narrow at that point. Location just before left turn lane to Miramar lake entrance.
pothole on westbound Hillery Drive just before Marbury Avenue
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE POTHOLES WEST OF THE CLAIRMEONT & BALBOA INTERSECTION.
Pothole around manhole cover, Marbury Avenue at Mesa Woods Avenue
This is right at  intersection  Calle Mariselda and Antigua.
Large pothole
Entrance to Dusty Roads Park in Ocean Beach.  The pot holes are plenty and deep. Many people use  park and have to try and dodge  holes. The holes are deep and getting deeper.
This section  street in Tierrasanta is rapidly becoming a gravel road.  The potholes have linked to become shallow canals that are several dozen feet long, and in both travel lanes.
Wide and deep pothole
If 's not too much to ask, please fix all  potholes decorating Montezuma Rd going from Fairmount Ave up to Collwood Blvd. CAN'T PULL OVER to take pictures and re are many  m. Your assistance is appreciated to respond. Thank you
Westbound Balboa Ave before Clairemont Dr in right lane.
Large pothole heading east in inner lane
When driving east on Adams Ave, re are a few potholes on  right turn on to 32nd St. (Southwest corner   Adams Ave and 32nd St.)
Pothole in left lane at intersection  3rd and Elm.  isn't huge yet, but will probably get bad fast wh people driving over  on  way to  I-5.
Big deep hole in south bound lane
Pothole
Pothole
Multiple large potholes on Andorra Way
STREET   SINKING
Massive sink holes
Potholes Mira Mesa corner if Westonhill & Herbrides!
Multiple potholes. Some along side  road are hazardous to cyclists.
Asphalt failing
Large Potholes at  intersection  El Cajon Blvd. & Florida Street near  Seven Eleven Store.
Gnarly hole in north bound right hand lane in intersection
Several medium size
Deep
2 Trenches filled by new apartment complex construction company for ir pipe digging at  location are UNEVEN or BUMPY in BOTH directions. College Ave was just resurfaced not long ago, y filled in  trenches wh asphalt but y did NOT even  out. This NEEDS TO BE CORRECTED. Please investigate and force  construction company to fix  street. This is taxpayers money being thrown to waste.
Pothole in front  Souast Communy CHURCH.   There are many cracksspreading out from  hole which has gotten larger.  Dimensions irregular.
3 separate Trenches filled by construction company for ir pipe digging at  location are UNEVEN or BUMPY going westbound. This street has always been even in  slurry surface,  builder filled in  trenches wh asphalt but y did NOT even m out wh  street. This NEEDS TO BE CORRECTED. Please investigate and force  construction company to fix  street. This is taxpayers money being thrown to waste.
Pothole next to gas station
Navigation hazard, particularly to cyclists. All  Sorrento Valley Bvld between Sorrento Valley Rd and Vista Sorrento Parkway is bad. This one is real bad.











The alley between Montezuma rd and Marylane has many potholes that need to be filled. Specifically behind 5667 Montezuma Rd headed east towards Campanile Dr. There is a lot  flooding when  rains
Pothole
pothole in  alley behind address
Pothole in intersection
Pothole. EB just before ruffin ,center lane.
Multiple potholes
Pothole at intersection  Ft. Stockton Dr. and Ampudia St., approx. three feet by one-and-half feet.  Busy street, wh substantial pedestrian use.  Pothole is shaded by a large tree, difficult to see.  Cars swerve at last second to avoid .  Someone is going to be badly injured.
pothole becoming larger
Lots  potholes


Large pothole on south side  harbor drive just north  Cesar Chavez.
Multiple potholes along southbound Convoy Street between Ostrow St. and Aero Dr.
VERY deep potholes SW corner  El Cajon / Florida. 6" or deeper. Often filled wh water, so you don't see m until h--causes a strong impact. I wouldn't be surprised if  was damaging cars regularly.
Multiple potholes along westbound Genesee Ave.
Pot holes in  tourist area  downtown by  bay, which is very un-tourist friendly.
TWO LARGE POTHOLES S/B NORTH HARBOR BETWEEN LAUREL & HAWTHORN
large pothole at sampson and east harbor
POTHOLE IN FRONT OF CITY ADM BUILDING
Disasters!!!!
Huge pothole about 10 inches deep full  standing water Thanks for everything you do for our cy
Pothole and worn streetlight sensor
Big pothole in left turn lane
Pothole
Potholes (multiple)
Potholes in cross walk
Near corner  Harton and Ainsley Road is a large, deep pothole. Need to be filled up ASAP.Thank you!
Potholes all along  road
large  and long pothole in front  Cy View Church on Phyllis Place.  has grown wh  recent rain. Thanks
Pothole in front  3817 universy ave about 4  m heading east on universy ave.
Several potholes in front  3823 universy ave.

Several potholes made during construction, se are deep and a hazard at night. In front  3910 universy ave on  south side   street.
Pothole
Huge pothole. Keeps growing bigger and bigger. Right by  stoplights. When you turn left from Polland ave onto greyling dr.
There are several new potholes in  4700 block  Kleefeld Avenue. 92117
Pothole
Very big pothole, I would say 3x4
The entire length  Ridgehaven Court is one continuous pot hole....
Deep pothole just south   yellow paint line, across from  fire hydrant.  This street gets a lot  traffic headed to  HOV access for I-15. Sorry, no camera or cell phone to take a picture
Potholes up and down  street and  4300 block  Appleton
Numerous potholes on southbound side  Vista Sorrento Parkway from Sorrento Valley Blvd to Mira Mesa Blvd. Terrible. You just repaired portions   road.

Intersection coming from Kearny Mesa Road going SW at Convoy & Ostrow onto to Convoy St  south
Large pothole at intersection  Carroll Way & Trade st
There are several pot holes along  address...approximately about 3. Thank you.
Your road crew that is paid by our tax dollars should be fired. The whole street  Boulder Lake is full  potholes that damage cars. The cy should be sued. This street has been reported for potholes through  app and only a few   potholes have been haphazardly filled. The cy is stealing from 's cizens for not fixing  street. This is a very busy access road for thousands  people. Get  Done!
Gigantic pothole in crosswalk heading west on Sunset Cliffs.
Potholes in  intersection  clairemont Mesa  Blvd and convoy st
Large pothole on I-15 North ramp f Adams Ave
Eastbound lane in front  bus stop
Many, many potholes up and down Chateau Dr. and Genesee Ave.
There are tons  potholes all  way up and down Gold Coast Dr, especially between Camino Ruiz and Black Mtn Rd. I frequent Gold Coast on my daily commute to and from work, and  potholes are absolutely horrible! There is an elementary school and a middle school right f  Gold Coast, along wh  college at  end   street. The potholes are extremely large and deep and have caused serious damage to not only my car's suspension/tires but my neighbor's as well.  seems that every time y fill m, 's just a cheap band-aid and  filling only lasts for a couple  weeks. There has to be something that we can do about se horrible potholes that are dangerous for us to be driving over, as y are near impossible to avoid wh  single lane in each direction. About a year back, y paved a lot   side streets f  Gold Coast, but y never paved over  main road and 's only getting worse! Please fix m as  causes a danger to  neighborhood as people are cutting into  or lane that travels in  oppose direction since y are trying ro avoid hting se deep potholes.
Pothole
Huge Potholes.  least 3 right as you turn on New Salem Street. Very dangerous and causing damage to vehicles.
Pot holes all along  area.
2 large potholes on westbound Balboa Ave near Clairemont Mesa Blvd
Pothole has been here forever...
In  ally, between chamoune ave and 46th street right in front  my garage and is hard for my wife to get in and out because she's pregnant  been working in  alley but do half  job to cover up  holes during se rains  floods uncontrollably to  point where I don't even want to park my car in my garage completely unacceptable work being done
in that intersection,   southbound
intersection  ollo & convoy,   southbound
Pot hole
Pot holes, impossible to drive or avoid. Please fix.
There is a horrendous sink hole that continues to sink.  This has not been repaired for over a year.
Two potholes on Westbound side  Mira Mesa between Scripps Ranch Blvd and  entrance to I-15 freeway
Going westbound on  left lane pothole brewing by  dip
Multiple pot holes all over Capricorn that were just fixed  now y broken again
Small pothole every where
Going westbound on  right lane re is a new pothole developing. Please repair 's a downward street
Pothole, possibly pipes exposed

Pot hole
Several potholes on Appleton between Genesee & Dubois Dr.
Pothole
I am wring to you about  stretch  Rancho Carmel Drive between  Park and Ride south   Ted Williams to 's intersection wh Carmel Mountain Drive is ONE. BIG. POTHOLE. I have actually skidded sideways after bounving through a few  se large, 4-5 inch deep ruts. This isn't really a pothole I am referring to that needs fixing... 's  whole road that needs fixing. Please consider re-paving  stretch as  is actually dangerous. I see that one   traffic signs along  side is tipped over. Possibly h by a car that bounced out   pothole rut, lost control and h  sign. Imagine how horrible  would be if  had been a pedestrian walking along  sidewalk re. SAFETY HAZARD.
Large pothole,  l dangerous causing cars to swerve into oncoming traffic.
Pothole
CRATER in center  west bound lane, 3 inches deep
pot hole
pothole next to edge  crosswalk, 5890 soledad road at soledad mountain road in traffic lane as one turns onto soledad road from soledad mountain road
pothole in #1 lane east bound
August 8, 2016 re was a report made about  whole back street having a lot  issues that were never addressed. This whole back street has no street striping in  middle lanes.  has potholes and needs speed bumps and some stop signs. Incoming traffic always exceed  posted 25 speed lim whout stop signs can cause a serious accident.  is a residential area where pedestrians and children walk in  morning to and from school.
Pothole
Pothole
Massive potholes and huge ruts in  eastbound lanes  Clairemont Mesa Blvd, between Interstate 15 and Santo Rd.

Location is actually on bridge crossing  water near  skate park. Pothole on  east flowing direction   bridge crossing water on Sea World Drive ( moving toward 5 freeway). Pothole is located before crossing  water. Pothole is located between  transion between  asphalt   road  and concrete   bridge. Wide, Horizontal pothole spanning 60%   right lane surface. Thank you!
The alley between Essex and Universy avenue in  section between 10th avenue & Vermont needs attention. Delivery trucks for businesses on universy avenue routinely destroy  alley. Thank you for caring.
Pothole
Pothole
Big hole on northbound side  Kenamar drive at intersection when turning right onto Trade St.
Pot hole
Deep pot holes closer to curb
The entire length  Boulder Lake Ave. between Tommy Dr. and Highwood is covered wh potholes.  I have been complaining about  for at least 5 years.  I am not exaggerating.  I cant believe re is a 7 day turn a round.  This has been a problem for years. The potholes need to be fixed and  road needs resurfacing.   The mayor can put his brand new boots on and come fix  road unless he is spending money to protect illegal aliens and fund unwanted MLS.
Sinkhole/pothole forming near water valve junction in center  intersection. Will require valve repair as well as bringing  pavement back to grade.
Several inch deep pothole in asphalt and large trip hazard on adjacent sidewalk.
There are lots  big pot holes on Jade Coast between Camino Ruiz and San Ramon!
Deep pothole on  right lane.
24" x24" and deep.  East bound on San DIEGITO Rd between El Camino Real and Old El Camino Real.   Large and deep appeared say Friday
westbound Mission Gorge Rd. west  Katelyn Ct., pothole in left side  right lane
Right lane going north
potholes in alley directly outside my driveway , getting much bigger and unsafe for vehicles traveling  alley.
Pothole

Pothole
Heading north from Aldine Dr. ramp onto Fairmount Ave.
large pothole at intersection
Pothole in norrn center part  intersection  kettner and grape streets
The alley between 37th Street and 38th Street from Universy Ave. to Wightman Street has multiple potholes.  Several are deep.  Trash trucks, Dollar Strore delivery trucks and residents use  alley a lot.   provides access to many parking areas for  residents.  Please fix se holes before y get worse.
CALLER IS REPORTING LRG DEPRESSION IN STREET. POSSIBLE SINKHOLE
Several potholes near intersection and just south   on 16th
Deep pothole in  way  pedestrian traffic
Deep pothole in  middle   intersection  Brant and Hawthorn Streets
Pothole in  middle   road at ninth and Broadway
Out in front  Kroc Center
This is good sized pothole on eastbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Between  15 fwy and Repecho Dr.   is bookended by a series  smaller potholes on both sides.
Deep holes long trail
Theres 2 potholes in  area, extremely hard to miss and avoid as well, y've done tire damage to my vehicle as well, ir about 1- 1/2 foot wide, 3-4 inches in depth.
These potholes located 7900 block  Vickers St. Right across from Kearny Mesa Subaru
A very deep pothole on Aldine dr going to Fairmont Ave.  I drove over   morning and my left front tire got whacked badly.  My car was towed to tire shop and I got a pair  new tires.Please fix  and  pothole is deep and large,  will damage every single car driving on .   is right on  turn  Aldine Dr going down to Fairmont Ave, so everyone takes that route will go through .  If  drivers never saw  pothole, y might very likely drive on .
Large pothole (my Mini Cooper bottomed out into   morning) looks like Cal Trans plate and asphalt erosion right as you turn f Adams Ave to begin onto onramp.
West pt Loma at sunset cliffs blvd
Pot holes
Pothole at Sunset Cliffs and W. Point Loma Blvd.
Pot holes
VERY BAD POTHOLES ON CITY SIDE IN FRONT OF DRIVEWAY TO COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
E/B ALDINE BETWEEN   ADAMS AV & FAIRMOUNT
POTHOLES
Multiple potholes in  east bound lane as a result   construction work in  nearby area.Trip hazards for both, pedestrians and drivers
Very deep pothole
Pothole
LARGE POTHOLES
VERY LARGE POTHOLE RIGHT IN FRONT OF CARL'S JR RESTAURANT
Possible sink hole starting holes extend 3 feet under road way at  corner  2600 strand way and 700 San Luis Rey pl.
Pothole  east  intersection


Pothole near stop sign at  corner  eta and 43rd street


Pothole
There is a new, large (24" x 24") pot hole on eastbound San Dieguo Rd between El Camino Real & Old Camino Real.
Uneven surface/potholes over 163 on Mesa College Dr.
Pot hole


Pothole in farst right lane southbound
Rough road wh many potholed starting at stop light coming f freeway to Midway
e/b traffic center median by  speed lim sign very deep pot hole
Pothole on south west corner on intersection
Pothole
Expanding pothole in eastbound lane.
Intersection  Erie and Edison
3 Potholes
This whole area has large potholes up to Collwood
There are approximately 7 very deep potholes between Miramar and Camino Santa Fe on Carroll Rd
Gigantic pothole. West bound.
LARGE POTHOLE IN NORTH BOUND LANE LEFT LANE.
In right lane  Sunset Cliffs Bl toward  bay where  concrete bridge portion meets  asphalt, a pothole is gradually getting larger.
3 LARGE POTHOLES W/IN A FEW FT FROM EACH OTHER ON J ST. RIGHT HAND LANE RIGHT BEFORE TURNING ONTO 11TH AV.
Pothole
POTHOLE W/B ON 2100 BLK BALBOA AV. ON #1 LANE. 8-12" IN DIAM. 1-2" DEEP
3 SMALL POTHOLES W/B ON GRAND AV. #2 LANE.
POTHOLE 1 FT ACROSS, 2" DEEP ON CARMEL VALLEY RD. JUST NORTH OF DEL MAR SCENIC PKY.
POTHOLE 18" DIAMETER, 1-2 " DEEP. MID OF ST.
Derrick and Hennessey Ave
Very deep pothole in  middle   lane. East bound.
North bound lane
2 large potholes on turning lane to eastbound El Cajon.
BIG POTHOLE IN THE NB EUCLID LANES
Deep pothole
There is a significant pothole on Northbound Euclid in  left lane before  traffic light at 54th.  caused rim damage to my front driver's side wheel.  If  cannot be repaired right away, please place a cone or some kind  marker so or drivers don't h  as I did.
Pothole, in front  last house on east bound A Street, right before entering freeway entrance. There was a pothole recently filled in  same area but a new one has emerged.
intersection  belden st. & atlas st.     potholes
Several places going west
LARGE POTHOLE DAMAGED VEHICLE
On  southbound lane   N Torrey Pines Rd is a big pothole in  middle   lane.
Southbound #2 lane in  intersection.  There are two big potholes.  One pothole is two feet wide and  second pothole is one and a half feet wide.  Safety hazard.
Boulder lake particularly from Tommy Dr to Hudson has so many pot holes that have been filled and refilled that street is so bad that card drive to  side   street dangerously close to  curb. There is two schools two blocks away and on many occasions kids walking to school have nearly been h by cars trying to avoid  horrible street condion. This street needs to be repaved before a car somebody gets hurt. The condions   street are awful and  irony is  streets around m have been repaved but not  one that's in desperate need. This makes no sense.


Pothole on right lane going westbound
Potholes in alley between Hartford St and Galveston St
Possible trench failure 6 inch deep 3863 Loma Alta
Pothole going eastbound
Large pothole
Large pothole when heading eastbound
Theee large pot holes just showed up
Pothole in  westbound #2 lane in  1000 block  Universy Ave.
Never ending pothole.... for months.
Cy construction ruined  alley.  Has been 3 months already.
Westbound lane by entrance
Left bound Mission Gorge just west  Katlin CT. Pothole in right lane , several feet long.
Large pothole about 2-3 feet long and a few inches deep in  left side   right lane. Has grown after  rain.
Pothole
RUEDA DRIVE BETWEEN TIERRASANTA BLVD AND VIACHA DRIVE.  TREE ROOTS MAKE THIS SECTION OF STREET LIKE A ROLLER COASTER.RECENT MARKINGS ON VIACHA INDICATE THAT ASPHALT REPAIRS ARE PENDING.  THIS AREA ON RUEDA IS LESS THAN 50 FROM THE START OF WORK ON VIACHA.  THIS SECTION SHOULD BE INCLUDED ON THE PENDING PROJECT.
Pothole
SEVERAL POTHOLES!
There is a large concrete panel that is sinking in  intersection.  is down 3 inches now and is continuing to sink. Becoming very hazardous. This should be a high priory.
Very Large pothole on Gold Coast going west.
Big potholes, deep ones
Pothole
Large crack in Road at intersection  Hunter Green Court / Alta Laguna Way, Mira Mesa 92126.Gradually becoming a large pot hole.
Crumbled street pavement, concrete patch falling apart

LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF YMCA
several potholes need to be patched
SEVERAL BAD POTHOLE CAUSING VEHICLE DAMAGE.
huge, deep pothole heading south on Euclid Avenue (between Pelusa Street and Cervantes Ave). Has been re for months and  is getting bigger. Pothole is on  right hand lane heading south on Euclid Ave. This is a driving hazard as drivers need to swerve around  pothole. And vehicle damage.
POTHOLES DID DAMAGE TO HIS VEHICLE
Pothole on Eastbound #2 lane  Via de la Valle just prior to  stop line at where  intersects wh  Southbound framp  I-5. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.
Large Crack in middle  Cul Da Sac.  Is now 6inches deep inside  crack.

There is a section  pavement sinking in front  4699 El Cajon Blvd that needs to be repaired due to hazardous effects on vehicles, especially for motorcycles driving and dipping into  section.
THis pothole has developed next to a pothole that was repaired awhile ago'.When a car is parked in  alley across from  pothole.  forces you todrive very close to  hole , which could cause major damage to most vehicles. is deep and about 3' 0" diameter.  Now  is full  standing water.
prior to 52 E and 5N spl, exing La Jolla. left lane
Pot hole in residential area. Progressively getting worse and pieces  asphalt are damaging vehicles
Pothole on Sports Arena under I-8 overpass.
Deep-long rail-like impressions in  road. Very easy for motorcycles and scooters to drive into m and making getting out   rar difficult. Very in safe, especially in  dark and not expecting  road to have se imperfections. The issue is in  middle lane. . .re are 3 lanes going towards  airport. . .going west bound.
3 hazardous pot holes  , refer from water dept , trip haz
There are multiple potholes along Sunset Cliffs Blvd going east and west.  Most  m are suated from West Point Loma Blvd to Niagara Ave.  Please fill m as soon as possible.  Thank you.
located alley in lajolla between nautilus st and bonair around 300 address 5inches or more..tires and bumpers and children wh bikes
Hug pot hole !!!
Hug pot hole
There is a large and deep dip in  pavement on SB Camino Ruiz.  The pavement is collapsing and  dip keeps getting deeper and deeper.
LARGE POTHOLES BEHIND ADDRESS. IN ALLEY. RPR ASAP
MULTIPLE potholes at intersection  Sorrento Valley RD and Carmel Valley RD - also in numerous places along Sorrento Valley RD Between Coaster Station and Carmel MTN RD.
Pothole
Multiple potholes seemed to have reopened after  last rain on Gold Coast going east.
Alley needs to be replaced  due to many pole holes causing  vehicle damages to cars
Pot hole
There are ALOT  pothole on  road  Montezuma.Please fix m, thank you !
SEVERAL POTHOLES AND CRACKS IN ALLEY BEHIND ADDRESS
Large tire size pot hole between 3800 to 4000 universy.
Pothole
Asphalt  hole  - Westbound Crown Point dr  just East  ingraha
THREE POTHOLES SOUTHBOUND WABASH IN THE #1 LANE
POTHOLE
large potholes in traffic circle
Whole street is full  potholes, been  way for years
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Sunken section  road. 6" below grade
Pothole in left turn lane from Tecolote Canyon rd to Morena.
Please fill in pothole whin  number three south bound  North Harbor Drive between  Coast Guard Crossing and Laure Streetl. Pothole approximately 1 1/2 ft by 1 ft.Thank you,San Diego Harbor Police
Good size pothole
Heavy equipment on street in area for water repairs, busted street last Thursday or Friday.
Pothole in  eastbound lane
5 large potholes.
Large pothole
Could be very dangerous for someone walking across 4th and C Street in downtown.  A highly trafficked pedestrian area.
 intersection  Florida and El Cajon Bl. There is a huge pothole and 's filled wh water so 's deceiving. 's on corner next to 7'11 shopping center and 's really bad..
Multiple potholes in  eastbound lanes
Potholes eastbound lanes
The sides  Hollister St have been completely tore up during  storms, some   ruts are over 24 inches deep.
There are large chunks   street missing.
Large pothole east bound right lane headed straight
POTHOLE
The potholes are at  junction   Kearny Mesa Rd and Clairemont Mesa Blvd before  stop lights, right in front   Mobil Gas Station on Kearny Mesa Rd. Also y may encounter more potholes if y drive  on Kearny Mesa Rd towards Cabrillo Commerce Center.
Pothole just before crosswalk
 pothole looks like s getting bigger i see  everytime i pull in to my driveway and res also anor pothole 50 feet away by  stop sign heading west
H a deep pothole last night.  unmarked. by 7-11 entrance
Large pothole in  bike lane at  bus stop.
Both East and West bound Poway Road is riddled wh potholes from  ex f  Interstate 15 to  boundary   cy  Poway.
Big hole along 28th St
Multiple holes. Whole street  Highwood and boulder lake ave. need pothole repair. Heavily traveled streets because  school traffic.
The intersection  Shawline and Claremont Mesa Blvd needs re-surfacing and repair.  Called a few times last year, and  street was not repaired. Street needs to patch  potholes, patch broken pavement, cracks, missing pavement and resurface  street.  The condion   street is a safety hazard and needs to be repaired.Claremont Mesa Blvd going from Shawline to I-15 in both directions has heavy cracks, missing pavement, many potholes, and needs to be patched and resurfaced.  The street is a safety hazard due to poor condion   street. Please repair both directions east and west.
Very large pothole on corner  Berryknoll and Tyrolean.  Almost 2 feet across and 2-3" deep.
Pothole
PER BORDER PATROL AGENT: NORTH PART OF HERITAGE RD. NOT FILLED IN. PLEASE FIX POTHOLES ON HERITAGE RD. NORTH OF POGO ROW. REFERENCED NOT.# 15/793339 (CLOSED CASE)
STREET SUNKEN!
hole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Open gap 6 inch wide by 4 ft long
SMALL POTHOLES ALONG ST. FROM 3436-3486 MARLASTA DR.
half a dozen in  middle   street
Pothole next to newly covered trench
Pothole in left turn lane on tecolate that turns onto Morena
Large Pothole in  fast lane
String  potholes on west bound Geneses Ave.  about 7 or 8 potholes on right hand side  street.
Ted Williams east (north) bound
Multiple potholes in  intersection
Numerous potholes entrance dusty Roads dog park
Large pot hole that was bypassed 1 month ago in favor  repairing a smaller pot hole whin 20 feet.   bottom  a senior communy (Pacifica). Intersection  S Emerald Drive & Sky Haven Lane. No image at  time.
Pot holes are all over se 8 blocks  Fortuna Ave Pacific Beach Ca 92109.  Into his second term does  MAYOR really care ??? Worsted roads, Potholes in my lifetime !! I'm 59 years native  PB 92109 . Holy Crap. Let's try to get  toger! ?
Concerned for safety: Two large pot holes are being dodged by traffic daily
There is a deep pothole after you ex  8 west freeway heading towards W. Pt. Loma Blvd turning left heading towards  Sports Arena.  blew out someone's tire  morning.
Potholes on  east side   intersection  Lusk Blvd and Vista Sorrento Pkwy.
Pothole in fast lane
Pothole in westbound slow lane at bottom  valley
intersection  Budd and Belden st.
2 moderately sized potholes getting bigger every day
Potholes on  east and west sides   intersection  Sorrento Valley Blvd and Sorrento Valley Rd.
Potholes in both directions in  3800 block  Sorrento Valley Blvd.
Potholes in both directions in  10300 through 10799 blocks  Vista Sorrento Parkway.
All  Chateau has HORRIBLE pot holes that desperately need filling please.

Pothole as you go north f Mira Mesa Blvd onto Camino Ruiz. Big pothole.
Pothole on  southbound side just past  intersection  Sorrento Valley Blvd / Sorrento Valley Road
There are a few potholes on W. Pt. Loma Blvd heading towards Nimz Blvd if you're leaving OB.
10 inch wid and 6 inches deep. On south boud 30th st north  El Cajon Blvd
Large pot holes, north side  National ave at 28th street.
Large potholes in middle   street. Need patching please.
Very deep pothole in  left lane before entering on  56 east
pot hole in west bound lane  mira mesa blvd in front  dennys.
Pothole on  right turn lane corner  San Diego Mission Rd wh Mission Village. Just outside  Stadium ex
Large pothole starting over small manhole cover right at  intersection
In  middle   intersection
Huge new pothole, about 3ft x 4ft. So large that you have to leave  lane to avoid 
Large pothole heading west just past railroad tracksAlso in intersection  Sorrento Valley Road and Sorrento Valley Blvd
Proceeding f I-8 west onto Camino del Rio West merging onto Rosecrans Street I intentionally change lanes from #1 to #2 just to avoid  outrageous cluster  potholes in  #1 lane in  intersection wh Sports Arena Blvd.  This lane is now almost impassible, but I had to endure  punishment today.  This cluster has existed for over a year and I have reported  more than once in that time.  The cluster just keeps getting worse and  Cy makes no repairs.  What are you waing for,  Navy to fix  as part   pipeline project?  Regardless,  repairs should have been made in over a years time and  suation now is extreme, NO exaggeration.
H237 Reported 2 severe pot hole north and south on Euclid and Cervantes. Referrence 150000804815
There is a huge pothole that damages cars under  94 freeway on college avenue. 's on  east side  college ave.  will damage cars please fix 
Potholes need repair, again  2085 Keltner, Keltner & Hawthorn, SEPTEMBER corner
Pothole
Pothole
Vehicle damaging pothole
Pothole
LARGE POTHOLE, SOUTH SIDE IN FRONT OF GAS STATION, HAZARD.
Big pot holes
Alleyway entry - multiple potholes very bad
Pothole
All along on del Diablo way between penasquos Dr and madrigal st re are at least 15 potholes ranging in size between a skillet lid and a trash can lid.  Keep driving..y are everywhere!
All  25th St. from Coronado Ave., Iris Avenue needs to be fixed ASAP
Entire intersection and along Sports Arena Blvd huge potholes. Cars have to slow down significantly to navigate potholes in middle  intersection
Broken asphalt pulling out   driveway is having s toll on tires and suspension. Brunswick Avenue 92120 needs repair.  Because so much   asphalt is damaged and during heavy rain  causes water to rise over  sidewalk, onto front yards damaging shrubs and hardscape.
Potholes at on-ramp to Nimz North from Catalina/Famosa
Many potholes Harbor Drive West starting at  Coast Guard Station.
Potholes Harbor Drive just before Laurel Street going West
Potholes at freeway entrance from Hawthorne
The 4500-4600 block   alley between Bancrt Street and 33rd Street was ripped up over a year ago to replace sewer pipes. The alley has never been re-paved. The condion is terrible. Residents in  area would like to see  fixed.
potholes on rancho bernardo rd between cresta dr and pomerado rd
There are numerous potholes from  start to  end  Acorn St.  isn't  first time I've reported  issue. Please fix asap!!
Pothole
Crumbling patch needs to be replaced wh concrete
Pothole
Last week my two front tires were damaged due to  pot holes in San Diego so I had to replace m both.   The se is between Lincoln and Iowa.  This is only 1   many holes in  area.  Please call me at 619-535-9074 to discuss compensation. Thank you.
LARGE POTHOLE ON BROADWAY IN FRONT OF OLD GREYHOUND STATION AT TAXI STAND.
Needs to be filled and fix trip hazard
S/B  RIGHT LANE
POT HOLE RIGHT LANE
POTHOLES
POTHOLE, ON EL CAM REAL, DAMAGED TIRE!
POTHOLES
potholes in  lane next to  sidewalk
potholes in  lane next to  sidewalk
100 FT WEST OF ADDRESS  POTHOLES
pothole at  intersection
pothole, westbound lane, lane on  sidewalk side
BOTH DIRECTIONS   ABOUT 30  POTHOLES  AND GETTING WORSE
re is a humongous pothole at  beginning  san dieguo road going east.  intersection is el camino real and san dieguo road.  I was was driving back home late  from work 2 days ago and h  pothole damaging  run flat front right tire wh  impact.  tires are almost brand new.  I would have taken  a picture but  is to dangerous because  is near  intersection and re is always traffic.
Multiple potholes on road just south  UCSD hospal
Multiple potholes in south/westbound Pomerado road
Potholes in  turnpocket from Tierrasanta to Santo heading south.
Pothole on left lane
Very deep pothole on left lane
Pothole

3854 National Avenue, asphalt is loose/sunken, materials  a repaired pipe causing a dip in  road
Extremely large pothole in alley
large sinkhole forming at Avenida Tineo and Avenida Aveiro






Large pothole on Mission Gorge westbound lane
There are 7 potholes in  photo



Series  pothole whin  block
There are numerous potholes and damaged asphalt areas in  intersection.  The damaged asphalt is around  four corners   intersection, especially where asphalt meets concrete.
The stretch between Windcrest Lane and Provencal Place on Rancho Carmel drive is full  unavoidable potholes and has been for several years.

I reported  pothole issue on 1/24/17 Report # is 00138704 Pothole is getting bigger and deeper. There are several now all becoming closely one big one. Potholes are by Sharp Mesa Vista psych hospal and Door  Hope, near bus stop between Health Center Drive and Meadow Lark Ave. SD 92123. I know you are busy, lots do out re. But se holes are becoming concerning. Thank you in advance. Keep up  hard work!!
Really bad pothole next to water main in  street. Could be leakage whin  water main self.
Deep pothole
Pot hole
Two foot x two foot pothole, 3 inches deep, near center  road.  Causes many drivers to move into opposing lane when approaching pothole.  Two nearby old patches.  Large section  adjacent pavement is failing.  I would like to know when  was originally reported, and when  is anticipated to be repaired.  swanlaw@att.net
Pot hole
LARGE POTHOLE, BAD
multiple potholes on  street
POTHOLES
Street has 2 dips that need to be filled in
Looks like a prior pothole cover up has sunken, leaving large square hole.
fairly large left side right past intrsection
Large pothole going west on Hillery.
POTHOLES EAST BOUND
This entire street is riddled wh potholes,  street is in such disrepair.  Also  street is  closest access to  5 South and 's always blocked by  Milary traffic waing to get on base.  There is no specific times, but since Main is a one-lane street,  traffic backs up from Yama to Main and no one can go anywhere.  Why hasn't  been addressed yet?
There are still some potholes on Golfcrest Dr. between Tuxedo and Ruane st.,that need to be repaired/filled.I appreciate  ones that were repaired recently, however re are several potholes that still need filled.Thanks!
Deep Pothole
Good size pothole
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Just before  intersection wh  San Andres in  westbound lane
Northbound just before intersection  Via Campestre previously reported  hole is getting larger
POTHOLE N/B BEFORE 05TH
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Large pothole in left lane eastbound.
There are several large potholes at  intersection  Ay Ave and Smy Ave.  Particularly at  end  Ay, at  stop sign, where  meets Smy Ave
Very deep pot hole right at  merge in  far right hand lane on  5North.  was too dangerous to take a photo. I blew out my tire on  and severely damaged my rim. Total replacement cost is $669.00. I also wnessed two or people blowing tires  day after I blew a tire.
Numerous potholes need attention.
Pothole
Pothole
Pot holes up and down area
Need to fix whole street
Fix street and re strip all area
Numerous potholes on  portion  63rd st, in between El Cajon Blvd and Stanley Ave (near  ugly mega-dorm aka Blvd63). Please fix se holes and cracks.
Two foot wide pothole, and a narrow pothole.
Several Potholes and uneven pavement.
Approximate location.  East bound middle lane as several potholes.
Deep/long pothole on Carrol way at kenamar
Pothole
Going west
Asphalt where cement meets  on right side is crumbling apart and developing multiple potholes
Square size pothole
2 potholes on  southbound lanes  College Ave oppose  address. Please fix m. Second request thank you
Going southbound on 54th St right after  hill please repair pothole brewing re. Reported multiple times and never fixed by  cy
Pothole
Large pot hole in a high traffic area.
The whole street from Navajo Road to Cowles Mountain Boulevard on Boulder is full  potholes
The whole street from Navajo Road to Cowles Mountain Boulevard on Boulder is full  potholes
Eastbound College Grove Drive #1 lane, approximately 300 feet before College Avenue , pothole broken out around sunken water gate valve
Westbound middle intersection near crosswalk
Large pothole in  middle   road roughly 3 ft x 1.5 ft.
Two foot long and three inches deep, one needs some love, 's like driving down an old farm road
Pothole in right lane  Ash Street (heading west) in  middle   intersection wh Columbia.
Road buckled causing a 5 inch chunk  asphalt to rise into a speed bump on  entrance to  north 15 ramp just as you enter from Poway Rd. 's BAD
Many potholes.
Potholes on center and left lanes on westbound Balboa ave
DEEP large pothole-larger since last rainstorm.  Difficult to drive over .
dch outside lane

Pothole cluster
Per consumer:  Pothole
Camino Del Norte next to bike lane.
Potholes in NB lanes
Potholes in southbound lane  Parkdale Ave at Gold Coast Dr.
Numerous potholes and worn pavement in both lanes  Gold Coast Drive from San Ramon Drive to Thanksgiving Lane.
Potholes in Miramar Road eastbound lane at Nobel Drive
Road VERY chewed up in front  1540 La Jolla Rancho Rd.
Pothole westbound side
Numerous potholes in and directly around  intersection
LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF ADDRESS
Big pot hole at 30th and El Cajon intersection
Pot hole
Middle   road pothole at Illinois and Howard
On  corner  Malden and Jewell streets re is a chunk  road that is breaking f due to cars driving over  edge all day. There is also street and soil erosion along  street and property line. This is causing pieces  roadway to break f during heavy rain.  is getting worse wh every rain.
Milky Way road  entire road both sides extremely bad.
asphalt Bancook & Gennesee
Pothole @  intersection  Goldcoast Drive and Goldcoast Place

Potholes, large gaps, and very rough surface at  souast corner  Convoy and Ostrow.
Large bumps, potholes and uneven asphalt at  median at 54th Pl and Trojan after underground work.
Alley between duplex and post fice has major pot holes
Alley along 3818 merrimac and 4862 Cole has major potholes.
 least two large potholes at intersection  Mira Mesa at Camino Ruiz. Largest impact to southbound left turn to MM Blvd, and eastbound on MM Blvd. These are massive portholes.
East Dr. and sports arena blvd. horrible pothole!
Major pothole wh standing water in  intersection
Several potholes on Appleton in that area
Convoy street north and south directions is badly torn up missing pavement, deep cracks, missing pavement, manhole covers do not line up to  surface, uneven surface, seems unsafe to drive.  Please patch  cracks, repair pot holes, starting from Aero drive going to 52, damage is in both directions north and south  convoy.
Ex from Serra Mesa Post Office. Has been bad for years.
52 street going east and west directions has heavy dips in  road in both driections, please repair dips are so bad, could cause damage to cars driving fast on  road.  Damage starts from 163 to  805 freeway.  The damage is in both directions, and needs to be repaired.
7101-7153 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111, USA  to Clairemont Mesa Blvd & I-15 & Escondido Fwy, San Diego, CA 92123, USAClairemont Mesa Blvd needs to be repaired, in both driections east and west,  has cracks, missing pavement, potholes, and needs to be patch and resurfaced at some point in  future.  Please repair  street since  seems to be unsafe, wh deep potholes, deep cracks running east and west in both directions   blvd.  Please repair dips are so bad, could cause damage to cars driving fast on  road.   The damage is in both directions, and blvd needs to be repaired.
Very large pothole in intersection  Sorrento Valley Rd and Sorrento Valley Blvd, eastbound left lane.
Utily cover damaged won't stay on

Intersection at Garnet and Olney has a huge spot thats sinking. If we have anor storm I think that will turn into a giant sink hole and cause a lot  issues for drivers.
2-1/2 potholes s/b Camino Ruiz
Deep pot hole caused 2 flats on passenger side  car. Had to have car towed to dealership.
Large pothole on  North 163 in between  Robinson Ave onramp and  Washington Street ex
MANY POTHOLES.
Pothole dead center  intersection at water valve covers
MANY POTHOLES.
Cy parking lot just N/E  aquatic center
Pot holes between tracks and Hancock st
Pot holes in left turn from Washington onto San Diego ave
Huge pothole and panhandler. She is absolutely not homeless!!
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Large pothole- reported three weeks ago and nothing has been done
Pothole
2 Potholes
Pothole
Missing pavement
Missing pavement
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Southbound lane  32nd at intersection.
POT HOLE
This is one   worst streets in San Diego.   is riddled wh potholes.  Honestly  entire street needs to be repaved.
The entire street is falling apart
From washington st at fifth until you get to goldfinch in mission hills needs to be repaved!
There is a pothole  medium size in  right lane before  56. There are several along  road, as well, but I don't remember  or exact locations.
Pothole
East bound
HUGE POT HOLE ON PICCARD IN FRONT OF 1176 PICCARD AVE IN THE SOUTH BOUND LANE
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
The whole street
There's a huge pothole on  right lane  mission gorge road as soon as you pass katelyn court going towards friars.
Potholes formed from  recent rain
There is a pothole at  southwest corner   intersection caused by  recent rain
From Pomerado Road heading east on Rios Road all  way to Summerfield Road re are large divs/potholes on Rios Road and rocks/pavement debris all over  road.
Per consumer:  Pothole in intersection heading west on Sunset Cliffs Bv, east side  Voltare
Per consumer: Potholes on east side on Montezuma #1 & #2 lanes btwn Fairmont Av & Collwood Bv
Large pothole/ chunk  road is damaged in  middle  2900 Caminio Coralino, see attached two photos, cross street is Jutland drive
Per consumer:  Pothole on W. Pt. Loma Bv e/b direction from Ebers St. past Castelar to Nimz.


There are two potholes oppose 3021 Pennant Way.  Furr down towards Regents re is a large patch that has been repaired once but is starting to crumble again.
Pothole on southbound Rosecrans before Sterne
Large pot hole in right lane headed southwest on Mission Gorge Rd. About 3 inches deep, 4 feet long and 2 feet wide.

Pothole is getting bigger and road surfaces are deteriorating.  Thank you!!
Big pothole on far right lane   street,  has been re for over 3 weeks and has given me a flat tire...
Potholes all over
Center lane at  light bottom  onramp pothole patch has reopened
Pothole where pavement meets cement
Pothole in  northbound lane in  3200 block  Kemper St.
163N onramp from 10th Ave on right side. Was recently repaired but reopened after last rainfall.
Pothole in  right lane going westbound on Washington at 8th Ave.
Large and deep  pothole on  right lane 50ft, from  street light on fifth .
Montezuma east bound between Fairmount and collwood is completely riddled wh potholes and cracks. Needs to be repaved.
Many put holes
2 more  holes
More pot holes
Very hazerdous pothole in front  tire shop.
Potholes were filled in front   house next to mine instead  our house as I had requested. They clearly could see huge holes while filling  ors! I received a Case Closed note, saying y had done  work, which y have not. Please send out your crew to do  SEVERAL holes in front  our house!




Huge potholes.

Middle  road is a very large sunken section  road.
Badly damaged asphalt from recent cy work.  Deep ruts left behind, signs about turn lanes don't match  turn markings on  asphalt.  Potholes and damaged asphalt everywhere wh a cy block   location.
Pothole series betweeen Pomerado Rd and Valle Verde
Per consumer:  Hazardous pothole, cars swerving, etc. northbound College
Numerous deep potholes here.  Reported 5 times in  past month.
1 foot diameter pothole in middle  intersection
Big pothole just before 5th Avenue
Whin  number one east bound lane  North Harbor Drive, east   intersection  Nimz Blvd, re is a large pothole.Pothole is on  left side (center median)   lane.San Diego Harbor Police
There are multiple potholes in  middle   intersection.
There are several potholes in  middle   intersection.
Multiple pot holes
deep pothole intersection Lake Artemus
Corner  El Comal and Menorca Dr.
Frontage road heading north
This street has had se real bad potholes for awhile now
Potholes in  middle   intersection at Rosecrans Camino Dell Rio West in sports Arena Boulevard
Lots  bad potholes on  street connecting Cielo Dr and S 65th St.

Very rough road, potholes and bumps challenging my car suspension even at slow speed, has been  way for a long time now, a couple spots in  viciny
Pothole in  sidewalk utily cover
Pothole in middle  two lane street going westbound on mission gorge road. Sunday February 19th 2017. Popped two  my driver side tires and damaged front passenger tire side wall. Had to get tow truck. Luckily could pull over to nearest parking lot.
Intersection
Pothole in Number 3 lane
Pothole in  number 3 lane
Pothole in  crosswalk


  stop light for  lane that lets you turn left into Target. About 3 car lengths from  light.
In right lane south bound, in front  bus stop
Pothole in  southbound #2 lane at 2070 Rosecrans St.
Pothole in  eastbound #2 lane at 2315 Midway Dr.
Our cul-de-sac 10575 Viacha Way needs to be repaved before Viacha Drive... We have had major problem wh service workers to our street get popped tires because   street Pls come out we have sent many many letters nothing..Pls respnd
Pot hole in "southbound" Ardath Ln at Azure Coast Dr

Large, deep pothole.  Popped both tires on right side  vehicle.  Needs immediate attention.
Entire road needs repaving from Bernardo Heights to Avenida Venusto.  I've seen roads in Tijuana that look better than !!
Huge pothole in middle lane!!

Multiple large dangerous potholes.  Lawsu wAing to happen.
The road is starting to deteriorate.  Ltle potholes are forming where Bootes meets Taurus Place.
3800 Rosecrans Street heading south large potholes near  crosswalk
Multiple potholes
Very uneven drive lane surface on  eastbound center lane. I have seen cars weaving to avoid bumpy surface.
Tire flattening pothole
Four potholes westbound Pomerado Rd
Potholes on westbound Pomerado Rd approaching Willow Creek / Ave  Nations intersection
Numerous Potholes on northbound Kearny Mesa approaching In n Out restaurant
There are potholes all up and down  street that need to be addressed. One   rar large ones is right in front   FBI building, but  entire street needs attention. Driving down  street was similar to driving an obstacle course.
Potholes
Hole
Multiple potholes





Long strip  asphalt is disintegrating
Pothole
4 potholes on  corner  Lehardy and 28th St.
There is a huge pot hole right in front  my house in addion to several ors in  middle throughout  length  Lake Albano.
Pothole approximately 4-6 inches deep
On 1/23/17 multiple cars, including our own, received flat tires due to a very large pothole. Police ficer advised to notify cy and we would be reimbursed. Police report number is 12317CHP1306.
Deep pothole
This pothole is on Venice at  entrance to  alley, by Silver Gate Elementary.  has been getting larger each week for several months now.
There is a 24"x24" pot hole at  corner  Tierrasanta Bl and Tambor Rd.  The hole is on Tambor just south   intersection.  The road is also in rough condion and is about to wash out wh some more rain.  Please repair  cracks.Thank you.
Left hand side   #1 lane.
Big patch is getting deeper. From a water main repair
several, at least three just up from 3031 Pennant.  Both side   street, uphill re's one, downhill I think two.  And  one near  stop sign is starting to open up  again.  Thank you.
Large potholes in intersection
There is a 12 foot long by 12" wide (at 's widest) pothole in front  my neighbors house (3320 las) right next to  cement curb (see attached pictures. Due to a language problem I told my neighbor I would help him out and get  reported. He's already had a tire get damaged due to  issue. The same issue apparently appeared in front my house (at 3328 las) sometime in  past before I bought my house. There's a long piece  different colored asphalt along my curb as well. Please have  street division repair .Thank You, - Andy Adkinsasadkins2000@yahoo.com
4185 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92117, USA to 3001-4071 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92117, USA.  This rod on both directions has potholes, crack payment, missing pavement, deep holes, uneven pavement, please repair and patch and resurface for  future.
Clairement mesa blvd needs repair in both directions east and west.  Listed are  directions where  problems lie: 6393-6499 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111, USA to 8512 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111, USA.  A  intersection  shawline has uneven payment.  The rest   road has cracks, missing payment, potholes north and south, and missing payment,  crack pavement.  Needs resurfacing, please patch  exising problems.,
southwest end   bridge, right lane,  pothole.
Wide pothole, 2-1/2 feet diameter
Just past Tennyson right lane going southwest
Right lane just before Talbot on Canon, going south up  hill
A large pothole on Camino Coralino located just f Jutland Drive and around  first curve in  middle   street.
Pothole in middle  concrete street and getting bigger every time  rains.
The streets in Clairemont have gotten out  control wh potholes and broken asphalt.  The streets  La Jolla sure don't look like !  Please put Clairemont on  "list"  much needed street repairs.  You can start wh Chateau Drive in Clairemont.  OMG!
N bound Onley St. Growing pothole
Multiple potholes
Multiple potholes
Multiple potholes
Pothole just before  stop sign at  NW corner  30th and B.
There are multiple large potholes on  section  Aldine Drive.
There is about 5 potholes that have gotten worst since rain not very deep but not good for  tires.
(2) large potholes
New pothole in intersection
Pothole on Rosecrans at Sterner
Several potholes!!! Flat tire!
Several new pot holes on Capricorn.  The entire street needs replacement.
Potholes in both directions in  3100-3499 blocks  Sports Arena Blvd.
Pothole on  souast side   intersection  East Dr and Sports Arena Blvd.
Potholes in  crosswalk on  east side   intersection  Sports Arena Blvd and Rosecrans St.
Pothole in front  3630 Elliott St.
Deep on #1 lane
2 potholes on  right lane going southbound. Please repair y are deep
Poway bound side  road near to  grade
Entire street and  cul de sac filled wh potholes. Damage to my car every day.
HAZ POTHOLE
The pot hole just blew my Tire out and bend  rim . On right laned
Fairmount Ave northbound from Montezuma Rd all  way to  I -8 freeway is full  potholes and wide cracks in all 3 lanes please repair due to heavy traffic daily
Big pothole
There's many heading on  lane and heading into  freeway.
Bad potholes here. Wing St. is pretty beat up, but here re is a deep pothole where  water gets pretty high when running.
big pothole about three feet wide forming in  right lane heading north on genesee Ave before  turn in for  new parking garage built at UTC mall. Pothole has dirt visible. Also, if you keep going and do a u turn at la Jolla village drive lots  potholes where  busses park.
The pavement is broken up and has big chunks in  road.
Linda Vista Road North.  Right turn lane onto Genesee Avenue East.  In  right turn lane just before  crosswalk re is a one foot pothole.  Safety hazard.
There is a substantial pothole that is at least 6 inches deep in  intersection  Sorrento Valley Blvd and Sorrento Valley Road - 's been re now for at least 2 weeks. I've watched numerous cars drive over  including  morning when  was filled wh rainwater - no one realizes how deep  is. I can imagine car tires are being damaged along wh alignment problems. The location makes  dangerous as a semi truck almost ran into  front  my left front bumper a few days ago when he swerved at  last second to avoid driving over . Please fix  ASAP!!!
Right lane
Mission bay drive north  garnet  road is crumbling and very uneven all . Way onto ramp to I-5 north bound
several large potholes heading west in 2200 block
On Sunset Cliffs Blvd bridge entrance going north where  meets wh  end  HWY 8 W  on  right lane  right after  lights  where  bridge begins  right on  long metal thing that goes across both lanes  re is a big pot hole  is getting bigger can do damage . Thank you .
Multiple potholes
On Sea World Dr  going East on left lane righ after Sea World Way  lights re is a big pot hole  can do damage .  Thank you
Several  potholes and getting worse. Not sure why y closed my last request?  Nobody came to patch?
Large pothole
STREET IS LIFTED, TRIP HAZARD!
 1330 Tecolote Rd on left lane going East at corner  Morena Blvd lights re is a big pot hole .  is dangaerous . Thank you
SEVERAL POTHOLES, ON APPLETON FROM GENESEE TO NEW HAVEN!
E/B & W/B ON COLLEGE GROVE WAY NEAR TARGET DRIVEWAY, LARGE POTHOLES!~
Huge pothole. Dangerous because everyone swerved around  to avoid.
1 8IN SQ. POTHOLE IN FRONT OF MY DRIVEWAY 3 WAY CORNER OF JADE COAST DR. JADE COAST LN. AND LIBSCOMB DR. POTHOLE IS IN FRONT OF DRIVEWAY
The block  at 4028 - 4034  Wabaska Rd 92107 needs surfacing really really bad . Crews were out re  or day and did all around  but not  worse part  that really short street .   is a main road used by Ocean Beach parents to pick up children from Dana Middle School . The road is horrible.  has all se long cuts in  road and 's like going over one  those cow preventing things . We have to slow down completely going around  corner fron Voltaire St . When  light is green  is very dangerous having to slow down. Thank you .
Huge break in road, dangerous if not paying attention
POTHOLE
Pothole in eastbound lane near west driveway  fire station
Alley behind property between Del Monte and Narragansett Ave has huge concrete section sinking and needs more concrete or asphalt to make for safe driving and undamaged tires. Section is in center  alley where 20+ years ago underground water or sewer line was installed and improper or insufficient compaction  soil by contractor has  led to  dirt below to sink. Please attend to asap.
POTHOLE GETTING BIGGER WITH RAIN.
Medium pothole in crosswalk / street.
Heading North on Twin Trails, come to  last driveway into  condo complex, and  pot hole is right re.
TWO POTHOLES
A section   street in Racetrack View Drive is lifted by 5-6 inches.  Cy came out 9 months ago and striped  damage area to fix, but never came back to actually fix.  One friend got a flat tire going over , anor said  really messed up his alignment.   The lifting   street is caused by roots, and has gotten really bad.  Someone is really going to damage ir car going over  if y aren't aware  is re.
There's a really deep pothole at  corner  Columbia and Ash in Ltle aly and 's in  exact perfect spot that if you don't see , you'll go right over  wh your right wheels.
HAZARDOUS POTHOLE ON WILLIE JAMES JONES AV.
Large pothole, west bound, bottom  Balboa (right lane) between Clairemont Drive/Mt. Culebra.
LARGE pothole in  middle  Viewridge.
Very large (2.5 ft x 3.5 ft on surface, depth unknown) new pothole on right side  Northbound 163 between Universy & Washington, just at beginning  framp to Eastbound Washington Street. Cars are swerving around  into 2nd lane, posing a traffic hazard.
Pothole
Pothole
SINKHOLE FORMING
The Cy added a street light or street sign and made a hole. Now that  sign has been installed  whole is still re on  corner
Numerous large and medium size potholes, especially on  east bound lane,  Poblado Road between Capilla Road and Botero Drive in Rancho Bernardo. ZIP code 92127
LARGE POTHOLE, INTERSECTION!
large pothole on pacific hy just after port  san diego building
bad pothole 2ft x 3ft x 1ft ,   just north   mercy
Pothole
Huge potholes in  left lane on Rosecrans (heading south) in  intersection wh Sports Arena Blvd. huge holes, entire sections  asphalt misplaced and getting worse wh all  rain.
PER CUSTOMER THE ELEVATED AREA TO THE NW WEST OF THE ADDRESS HAS THE POTENTIAL TO CREATE A LANDSLIDE.
deep and big pothole in  farr right side in  corner  Ash Street and Columbia Street.
Several potholes in  intersection  Sports Arena Boulevard and Rosecrans Street.
Numerous potholes
Huge dip in  road is forming.  When y worked on  street last year, y repaved  street, but now a big dip is developing . . . I think  earth has settled now . . . . . . . .causing  big dip to form.  Also, stuff has been left behind near  dip in  road from previous work.
LARGE POTHOLE SOUTHBOUND GENESEE
Large potholes both lanes  Greyling dr adjacent to Jones Elementary
Potholes both lanes between Raejean and Harjoan dr
Pothole collapsed around manhole cover on Murray Ridge Rd/ Mission Center intersection
Pot hole on  street kind  east side
Large sink hole, in  intersection, in Universy and  on ramp to 15 South
Deep multiple potholes at intersection  Rosecrans and Sports Arena Blvd.
Small hole in  middle   street
Road needs to be fixed and painted to see lines.
Fix road and re paint
Potholes on both directions  Sports Arena blvd near  intersection  Rosecrans.  Sections spanning 100 yards on both directions.
Sink hole filled once getting deep again
Several potholes and cracks on  entire length   street. This street gets lots  traffic as  is  turn around for all  parents picking up kids at Sequoia Elementary School.
Potholes big
Potholes
Pothole in  middle   intersection going southbound on Murray Ridge Rd
LARGE POTHOLE 7FT  X  4 FT (1/2 EAST OF OLD CLIFFS)
Road deteriorating from constant rain and traffic at corner  Sunset Cliffs Blvd and Santa Monica Ave. Chunks  asphalt are being projected when vehicles enter  intersection and drive over  hole.
Pot hole at  intersection
Extremely wide pothole in  left lane on Genessee Ave heading south, right after La Jolla Village Drive. About 3 feet wide and at least 8 inches deep. Extremely dangerous and could cause a serious accident.
Big Pothole at intersection. destroyed my car rim and flung me towards curb which curb rashed both rims on or side  veh.
3 foot pot hole in  left lane  hazard
sink hole forming 4ft by 8ft in yard an getting larger
Pothole
Multiple potholes over 20 feet  road
Taught hole in   left lane - middle  intersection
Westbound Universy before 52nd st. s when  lanes merge so stay in  right lane.
In  middle lane (left turn/straight lane) eastbound
There is a pothole in  intersection  Ash & Columbia  Downtown. Cars are veering to miss  and 's becoming a road hazard.
Pothole in right lane
Pothole
There are very large potholes on  North AND South side  Fairmount Ave (Expy) when you turn f Aldine Drive heading toward Montezuma all  way past 8E on ramp  - too many to count and I have seen numerous people pulled f  road wh flat tires.
There is a pothole located in  crosswalks at  intersection  Camino de la Plaza and Virginia St.  Someone fell and tripped in  today.  's dangerous for  pedestrians who are crossing a busy intersection
Several potholes. Going on N on 37th.
30 + potholes on Carmel Mountain Road makes  unsafe for driving in a high traffic area. So many things to watch and now I'm  trying to not h a pot hole. But in  rain today to avoid hting a car I h a major pot hole and I'm  sure  I have damage to my car.
Multiple potholes in  middle   eastbound lane  3800 Universy.
Large pot hole caused a vehicle accident
POTHOLE CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE
TRENCH DETERIORATING/CAUSED ACCIDENT
Large Pothole  in  left lane... Turning onto Harbor drive from Nimz.. Hope  didn't damage my car...  Almost like a sinkhole..2/27/2017
Bad pot hole in  fast lane
Pretty major pothole about  size  a tire, seemed extra dangerous when 's raining and folks are on an on ramp. In  right most lane.
CUST SAYS THERE IS A SUNKEN TRENCH FROM A PREVIOUS ST REPAIR , HAZ TO VEHICLES
Replace whole street
POTHOLE CAUSING VEHICLES TO BOTTOM OUT
Horrible potholes going southbound on Rosecrans at Sports Arena Blvd intersection.
Westbound Balboa Ave near bottom  Tecolote Cyn.
medium sized pothole at location
Pot hole
Two potholes when turning into Calle de las Rosas from Rancho Penasquos Blvd.  They become more wide and deep wh each rain
Ridiculously deep and wide holes dug for work and poorly filled.  Massive.  8 ft by 8 ft in center  street. Picture is in center
ALERT, PLEASE BE CAREFUL. There is a major pothole in  middle   road here when your going north on Ingraham right before crossing over la playa ave. If  doesn't get taken care  immediately  is going to cause some serious damage or an accident.  just destroyed  bottom  my car.
LARGE HAZ POTHOLE, SOUTH OF LA PLAYA , ALMOST CAUSED ACCIDENT TO VEH
There are many unsafe potholes on Ingraham Street. My car blew a tire from hting one and I was going below  speed lim.
POTHOLE AT INTRSECTION
Big enough to destroy my tire. I now have a flat and s on  side   road at 2am waing for AAA.
These big potholes were filled recently but wh yesterday's rain y are back. They are on  Northbound side.
Multiple potholes on Eastbound La Jolla Village drive next to Aventine fice complex in  right lane. Between I-5 ex and Lebon Dr. Previously reported se in  past month and y were filled (thank you!) but  rain today made m open up again.
Potholes
; PER PD LARGE HAZ POTHOLE  ON N/B PAC HWY  IN THE #1 LANE. CAUSED NUMEROUS FLATS TO ABOUT 15 VEHS PER PD

northbound pacific hwy as people are coming from 5 freeway.  There is a very large pothole which is causing many vehicles to get flats due to s location and  rate  speed at which drivers are traveling.   is just south   overpass, so as people h , y are forced to pull over to  right thru  overpass causing a dangerous suation as or drivers on are unable to see  slower drivers on  north side   overpass.
Multiple potholes holes and poor road condion at intersections
southbound on Rosecrans Street, and Sport Arena Blvd intersection. Far left lane has multiple potholes.
DANGEROUS POTHOLE GOING NORTH ON COLLEGE AVE. ASPHALT FILLING FOR RECENTLY DUG TRENCH WASHED AWAY!! This is very deep and dangerous suation for drivers
Many potholes going northbound on Fairmount Ave from Montezuma Rd to  8 Freeway
Going westbound on Aero Dr pothole on  left lane
Going northbound on College Ave re are potholes here
Going north on College Ave re is a very wide and deep pothole next to  construction se. 2 cars wh flat tires already  morning. This is a dangerous hole
There is a pothole approximately 8-10 inches deep by 18 inches wide. There is a cluster in  area causing a slow-down in traffic.

Potholes in crossealk
Multiple potholes in intersection
Major pot hole in right lane that become  center lane f  5 freeway onto pacific highway.
Large pothole on south bound River Run
Five foot diameter potholes westbound Pomerado Rd.
Center  intersection n bound
The pothole is in  middle   left turn lane, to turn in to  shopping center by Target
Huge pot coming down into mission valley gave me 2 flat tires
Right hand northbound lane  Santo Rd.
Huge pothole on northbound Fairmount
Far right lane in front  in n out. Headed west.
Large holes corner  Morena and Lehigh
Middle  intersection or Locust and Keats
Pothole
Start  ramp to eastbound I-8, left lane.
Northbound on Fairmount...HUGE pothole, causing traffic issues. Also mudslides and rocks in  roadway.
Pothole
Pothole is extremely wide, is in between both North bound lanes heading towards  8.
Massive pothole in between  two northbound lanes on Fairmount ave.
Growing pothole and failing pavement #2 lane at corner. Ped / bike hazard.
Large pothole right at corner, difficult to avoid
NB on College at  bottom  that ltle hill.
Bottle on northbound Rosecrans at  intersection  Kurtz Street
Large, northbound side, right lane
Huge pothole on RB Road going west. Pothole is next to median before you get to Acena Dr.
Very large potholes
Big pothole in center lane  163 north
Right in front  my house
Pothole
POTHOLE
2 LARGE POTHOLES JUST WEST OF NOYES, E/B!
multiple large potholes unmarked where recent road work done- near  Sonic
Pothole east bound  lane
Potholes forming eastbound lanes
Potholes in eastbound lanes
Pothole in eastbound lanes
Major pot holes by street construction in front  Zonic. I h m in  dark. People coming into  fice states y are major pot holes. I know since I h two!
Several
ON PENNANT JUST WEST OF REGENTS, POTHOLES BOTH DIRECTIONS!
Many potholes
Large pot holes on center and left lane on westbound balboa ave
Massive dangerous pothole, right lane westbound
Pothole
Deep potholes near right shoulder on westbound balboa ave
Pot hole..still here and getting worse by  day!
Pothole on water access
PER H261- HOTPATCH SINKHOLE
Numerous deep potholes - at least 1/2 dozen very deep, and maybe 20 less so- in and around  intersection  Sports Arena Blvd/Midway Dr/Rosecrans, one   busiest intersections in  area; making  damaging to cars and DANGEROUS - cars  ten swerve to avoid at last minute and if no collisions have occurred y are waing to happen. Surrounding streets have major potholes as well; for example after  intersection,  on Midway, adjacent to  parking lot for Chucky Cheese/Subway/7-11. Please fix - s been like  for 2 months.
Pot hole
Very large pothole on fairmount north -- dangerous ... around 4 ft across and  appears deep.
Pothole
east bound Sorrento valley  blvd ,   left lane   at  intersection  wh  Sorrento valley road . Please  fix  ,  is a  bad one .  Thanks !
Very large pothole in  intersection and badly damaged asphalt.  5th request in  past month.
BADLY SUNKEN SEWER TRENCH
Potholes in northbound lanes
Pot holes entire width  street on both sides  30th & Lincoln (east & west)
Opened up over night, rocks are flying, put a orange traffic cone in  to alert traffic, wouldlike to get my cone back when repairs complete, very busy street
There are approx 30 potholes and badly damaged asphalt on SB side   location.  In front   FBI and Canon buildings.   The entire length   road is also in bad shape.
Damaged asphalt and potholes on EB Mira Mesa Blvd just before Shell station.  Someone keeps digging across Mira Mesa Blvd leaving behind badly damaged roadway
Large potholes and damaged asphalt in  intersection
Pothole
Potholes in West bound lane.  Also massive hole just up  street by Bernardo Oaks Dr.
Large pothole.
Large pot holes on left shoulder   left lane on westbound balboa ave. starting at  intersection.
DUE TO LAST OCCURENCES OF HEAVY RAINS:  was once an unnoticeable pot hole, has now progressed into an unbelievably HUGE ISLAND and is a grave HAZARD for commuters; occupies width  center lane directly on Mission Gorge Road - closest intersection, Riverdale.
1 medium 1 giant crater.
Giant pothole on southbound sunset cliffs
Pothole a foot in diameter

Pothole a foot in diameter
Pothole
Please repair.
Potholes in whole block.
as you ex  target parking lot onto sports arena blvd heading south in  right hand lane by  curb area is a very deep looking pothole.  looked bad enough to catch a tire.
3 BIG POTHOLES
Potholes in whole block
Pothole in  intersection.

A big and deep pothole is located near  center divider across  street from 1753 Grand Ave in PB. East bound lane closest to  center divider is where  is.thank you
Big pot hole
The Sorrento Valley Blvd/Sorrento Valley Rd intersection is in a dismal state since many months, wh many large potholes endangering traffic. One potholes has been filled a few weeks back, but  is breaking into pieces again. In s immediate viciny, re are at least 4-5 ors that were ignored and drivers make last-minute dangerous maneuvers to avoid m, significantly increasing  risk  accidents.  is time to resurface  entire intersection, or at least to make an extensive repair. Thank you.
Multiple large pot holes, punctured my car tire.
Pot hole
Big hole
Pothole
Potential
There are MANY potholes and y are getting bigger!!!!
Pothole in #2 lane. Eastbound Friars Rd before Riverdale St.
Large pothole @ 18in diameter at start  Mission Center Rd framp

LARGE POTHOLE  SWC
The same pothole on  right lane that previously damaged about 10-15 cars has resurfaced going up on Euclid Ave. between Lakiba Palmer Ave and Hilltop Dr.

Smaller pothole, but deep and right where bikes go through. Forces bikers to quickly swerve into  road. On north side  street.
North bound 163 center lanes, 2 giant pot holes, ruined my tires
Pothole in  right lane
lrg pothole
Big giant pothole  looks like a meteor creator

Enormous pothole on  transion ramp from Northbound First Avenue to  I5 southbound. Used by thousands  cars every day.  is in  right   two lanes that go onto  freeway f First avenue. I thought my tire would go flat  is such a deep pothole.
Two Hundred feet East  Nimz Blvd. East boundNo. Harbor Dr.  middle lane.  2 pm 2/27/2017 I was East bound toward airport. Street was flooded mildly on  middle lane next to  median.  My front left tire fell into a deep hole that I could'd see at all.My left front tire instantly blew out and was ruined. I had  tire replaced, and because  impact, needed to have  alighnment checked also.  The total bill was $83.00. I wish to file a claim for damages.
A sweeping turn to  North f  HW 94 East to  1-15 North is in bad condion throughout.  is highly traveled, has lots  potholes and rough spots from past repairs that have deteriorated. I think  needs a redo   asphalt and resealed.  is now a mine field.
large depression about 3 feet by 5 feet in front  house in street; looks like could become sinkhole someday
Potholes and terrible road condion between I15 and Camino San Bernardo.
Pothole in intersection
There are 4 very large pot holes on La Jolla Village Drive, before you get to  drive aisle that's  entrance to Hyatt Regency La Jolla at  Aventine.
Large, car damaging pothole located in  right lane going east on Torrey Pines Road before  La Jolla Shores intersection.
Pothole in intersection
4 to 5ft inch pot hole turning into a sinkhole.
Pot hole eastbound east   bus stop large deep pot hole
Huge Pothole in  left-hand lane.   just completely blew out my sidewall.   looks like two or vehicles h  same one and blew out ir tires as well.
The entire alley is damaged by potholes and extremely dangerous for cars.
Deep pothole
Very large pothole
Pothole in  eastbound lane  Universy at  intersection (Highland Ave)
Large pothole at intersection wh Bisby Lake Bl
Massive pothole northbound Santo Rd, south  Clairemont Mesa Blvd
POTHOLE
Pothole in  left lane before on ramp
Six potholes in  middle   street.
Pothole

Various potholes (3x3x2) that have worsen due to frequency and volume  rainfall received that have listed previous asphalt patch up work. Pot holes start from (heading west) Glenellen Ln to Westonhill Dr. on Gold Coast Dr.
Two potholes side by side going south-bound.
Pothole on on-ramp from  52E to  15N
Cheap construction is causing universy avenue to become a disaster!!!   All  way from 3rd to park!!   Spend  money and better planning will actually get  done correctly!!
 least six potholes in Genesee southbound just north  Genesee Court East
Pothole
Deep pothole on West-bound Balboa on  right lane. There are more potholes all along West Bound Balboa from Genesee to Balboa.
Pothole
Deep potholes on Marlesta Dr. High traffic area, causes cars to curb onto oncoming traffic, potential for accidents.
20 large potholes on  street.  Many reported more than 5 times over  past 3 months.
Pot hole
Large pothole at intersection  Sorrento Valley Road and Sorrento Valley Boulevard. Just east   railroad tracks.
Lots  potholes on East bound Balboa Ave towards Genesee Intersection. Also some potholes on West bound Balboa.
Pothole
Pot hole
Pothole

Pothole
Many potholes   ALL Harbor dr.Wery prestige dr from airport. Both ways.Picture only potholes   where I lost two tires.
pothole in middle lane on G Street just east at 10th Ave at crosswalk line.
This entire road is riddled wh potholes. 's getting to  point where  cy owes me an alignment...
Deep potholes on West bound Balboa Ave near Mt. streets. Mostly all on right hand lane underneath stoplights on intersections. Busted a driver's car wheels.
Pothole
Actually, in driving home during today's rain, I noticed that  potholes have opened up again in  same place.
Lots  potholes scattered one after  or along North bound Morena Blvd. on right hand lane. High traffic route to Costco.

On southbound side, right lane

Pothole
Deep potholes scattered along North bound Morena Blvd. High traffic area leading into Costco.
Pothole
Deep potholes on WB Washington.
Extremely large pothole.
LARGE POTHOLE BEFORE VERMONT INTERSECTION
The road is in need  being resurfaced due to pot holes and traffic damage.
3 LARGE POTHOLES, ONE AFTER ANOTHER. HAZARDOUS, COULD CAUSE SERIOUS DAMAGE IF NOT AVOIDED BY CARS
SEVERAL POTHOLES IN DEPRESSIONS IN ROAD
pothole at water valve cover in center  intersection  Marbury Avenue and    Chart House Street
POTHOLE
Marbury Avenue between Hillery Drive and Mira Mesa Blvd is full  potholes, serious cracks, patches, etc etc and is in serious need  repaving fully.  I think  is beyond overdue.  Take a look for yourself and decide.
There are two large potholes immediately following  traffic light intersection headed Northbound on La Jolla Village Drive.  When a driver makes a right turn at  intersection coming from Torrey Pines Road, y encounter  first pothole whout time to avoid .   is getting deeper by  day.
POTHOLE
Two enlarging potholes side by side in middle  street.
Pothole on right lane, east bound traffic.
Pothole
dear-sirs ...again as can be seen in  picture  contractor ...ppmcontracting@att.nethttp://www.statsinfiny.com/domain/xafgwshwmbzmw3ugbgt4ua.._info.htmladministrative contact:taylor, greg  email  ppmcontracting@att.net1150 harborview lncarlsbad, california 92008(760) 822-8286(760) 754 2848... did leave on  public-street steel-plates wh sharp-edges whout  required asphalt-smoothing on tuesday 2/28/2017 at 4-pm at  sourn-end   no-outlet ?bear-drive san-diego ca-92103? ? ...  event could-prevent or-damage resident-traffic, emergency-vehicles, postal-vans, garbage-trucks, taxi-cabs, and commercial-deliveries at  cul-de-sac ?bear-drive san-diego ca-92103? ...thank-you for your-attention to -matter ?-------- Beginning  forwarded message  --------22.02.2017, 14:47, "equaly and digny" <equalyanddigny@yandex.com>:canyon-diggings in mission-hills san-diego ca-92103dear sirs ? sourn-part   lot 451-400-04 at address ?3520 dove-court san-diego ca-92103? was being developed under cy--san-diego project # pts 18262, but n expired uncompleted ?now -- as  photo 2/20/2017 shows -- fresh diggings are ongoing on  construction-se accessible from  sourn-end   no-outlet ?bear-drive san-diego ca-92103? still unfenced wh open-trenches presenting visible-signs  deep-erosion   steep-slopes ?thank-you for your-attention to -matter ?
Pothole at  intersection  Ash St and India Street
7-42 FRONT OF TARGET DRIVEWAY!
POTHOLE CAUSE TIRE DAMAGE
Deep Pot hold
LARGE POTHOLE ON ST IN FRONT OF HYATT HOTEL. CONS HEARD A LOUD BANG AFTER RUNNING OVER IT. ENTIRE WHEEL WENT INTO POTHOLE, CAUSED DAMAGE
Numerous potholes on Mt. Henry in between Mt. Highpine and Mt. King.
Twisted my ankle on 
4 or 5 large potholes on south side  Clairemont Dr & Clairemont Mesa
Huge pothole at  intersection  Sorrento Valley Blvd and Sorrento Valley Road past  train tracks. An accident almost occurred on 02/28/17 because drivers try to avoid  pothole and merge to  or lanes or to  oppose incoming traffic lanes.
Huge mess and pothole. Danger to  drivers and vehicles
Plot holes
Several potholes on eastbound Pomerado Road before and after  avenue  Nations intersection
3 to 4 potholes on westbound Pomerado Road just west  Chabad center intersection
POTHOLE/DIP ON RD CAUSED BLOWN TIRE.
huge pothole as you enter 52 west from Genesee
Deep potholes
A series  four potholes in front  3650 Ashford (two potholes), one in between 3650 and 3662 Ashford, and one in front  3662 Ashford.  West side   street.  Two pictures included below,  largest is in front  3650.
POTHOLE/DIP ON INTERSECTION. HAS ALREADY CAUSED 2 BLOWN TIRES ON SEPARATE VEHICLES.
Large pothole
Pothole in no. 1 lane
Entire street is in horrible shape
several deep potholes located between  intersection  Kettner blvd and Grape St. that can damage tires.

Huge pothole southbound






Pothole reported two weeks ago is now GIANT and SPREADING. Please send help!



Seems like a fixed pothole has opened back up into a fairly large and jarring pothole. Left lane  northbound Santo just before  left turn lane opens up.
Very deep/wide pothole. Two cars apparently pulled over after running over.
Massive new potholes as  8am on 2/28/17
South east Corner  grape and 1st.
Pothole on eastbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd just before  Ruffin Rd intersection.
Potholes were filled but have reopened wh rain
big pothole middle  intersection
There is a pothole almost a foot deep on universy Ave heading east between 54th and college Ave.
This whole intersection is a disaster. The turn lanes are full  pot holes.
Big hole in  ground.
Extremely large pothole!
Heading east,  right lane on Universy Ave has a number  massive potholes from about Utah until Ray.
This pothole is huge as you turn onto  avenue from Jutland.   's my understanding  street is to be repaved but  should be adressed immediately as 's a hazard.   Thank you.
Large deep pothole in  left lane just past Nimz  heading south/east  on harbor drive. My car and at least one or suffered tire/rim damage.
Right road stars near Carmel MTN and goes up past  56.  smooths out when  becomes Sabre Springs.  About 4/10  a mile..SB
A large pothole by  entrance to  mission center Road and auto circle ex in mission valley.
Two large potholes on right lane.
Multiple potholes on road. HIGH traffic road. There is actually many more on  road as well.
Pothole
SEVERAL POTHOLES! ON GENESEE AV BETWEEN NOBEL & UNIVERSITY TOWNE CENTRE
Large pothole In center lane
BIG POTHOLE ON ST. 2FT WIDE
On Poway road between sabre springs parkway and springbrook drive on both ways,  east and west.
PER PD. LARGE POTHOLE, 4FT BY 4FT. 1.5 - 2FT. DEEP. CONE IN PLACE
BIG POTHOLES ALL ALONG ST. ON 3800 & 3900 BLOCK OF UNIVERSITY.
ABOUT 20 POTHOLES ALONG ST. IN BOTH DIRECTIONS
This is at  intersection 30th and Broadway,  main route from 30th to I-94 east. Turning east you encounter numerous bad patches and repairs that make  surface so rough will jar your teeth loose (and destroy  shocks and springs on your car).  The potential for damage is que high. Given  amount  traffic that goes over that spot daily  needs to be fixed. Broadway from re to  I-94 is not in great condion eir but not as bad as right as you east on Braoadway from 30th.
Huge pothole on  right lane
Several potholes on Capricorn Way.  But at  area marked on  map, eastbound right before Westonhill Dr, re is a massive one.
Very large potholes reopened after recent repairs because  yesterday's rains.
Two large pot holes are in front  my house.   Each is about 6 inches deep, and about 18" long.
huge pot hole, rocks fly up from  as cars drive over pot hole, h resident @ jacob health care center as he was walking down street on sidewalk. should be fixed asap, causing major traffic issues
A large pothole on North Harbor Drive caused flat tires for myself and 3 or drivers (2/28/17)
A large pothole on North Harbor Drive caused flat tires for myself and 3 or drivers (2/28/17)
A large pothole on North Harbor Drive caused flat tires for myself and 3 or drivers (2/28/17)
A large pothole on North Harbor Drive caused flat tires for myself and 3 or drivers (2/28/17)
Pothole
Two huge potholes on college ave heading north in left lane.
2 POTHOLES W/B
Bumpy, damaged concrete and a bunch  potholes in  alley between Iowa and 32nd closer to Lincoln.
Huge Pothole on I8 East Connector from  I15 South
The Pothole is in  Northbound lane  Baltimore at  boundary line   La Mesa and San Diego  and  street turns into Lake Shore Dr. 's on  oppose side   street for  given address.
On  west side   intersection  Wandermere Dr. and Park Ridge Blvd.  (The intersection closest to Patrick Henry High School)  where  asphalt intersect each or.
Between 11126 and 11132 Acaso Way, re is a long pothole that is getting deeper.  Thank you for filling  one reported on Tyrolean.  There are several that are near  one filled, but y were not filled.
In intersection
Pothole
Potholes need patching entire block has m.
Huge pothole
Huge pothole in #3 or #4 lane "eastbound" from airport driving toward cy.
Entire intersection is now covered in potholes.
LARGE potholes in  west bound lanes.
The entire street is covered in deep pot holes. These have been here for years and would love  if  section  street would get completely repaved vs simply patching holes which does not work. Thank you!!
Left turn lane heading west into College Grove.
The street is damaged and needs to be resurfaced.
Multiple large potholes, some nearly 3 feet wide.  Being that  is  first street that most visors see when y arrive in "America's Finest Cy",  would stand to reason that  cy would make  a priory that Harbor Drive be  nicest in  cy.  Not so, I suppose....
Pothole eastbound #3 100 yards west  laurel st  size 2x8
alley need paving dangerous water holes
Several potholes in southbound lanes
Very large pothole middle  intersection.
Large pothole beginning  163 North middle   road
3 potholes
Deep pothole on SB Ruffin Rd just before you get to Sky Park Ct.
A pretty big pothole popped up recently because   rain. Someone placed a cone in .  's on  intersection  Murray Ridge Road and Mission Center Road.
3-4 potholes in left eastbound lane
Southbound road is hazardously opened up by potholes.

Wabaska Dr. and Voltaire St were both recently paved for  lengths  road leading to  intersection. The problem is that  final and most damaged last approx.100ft  Wabasca was not re-paved. I don't understand why  was not re-surfaced as  is full  large cracks and potholes and  road near  curb is just a large crater and poses a great danger to  many cyclists including myself that use  road and at  very least could easily damage any cars that go over se holes. Extremely poor planning! Inexcusable.
Pothole on  east bound side  Aero Drive.
Huge pothole in right hand eastbound lane
Pothole
Large pothole on Southcoast Harbor Drive
On  5 south freeway in Downtown San Diego by  10th avenue ex or  163 north merge lane
Pothole heading west



Street is broken again! You guys just came out to fix  last month, which was fabulous however  didn't last very long :/
There are multiple potholes along  road specially in  West bound direction starting wh Cannington Drive all  way until Clairemont Drive.
There are multiple potholes starting wh  corner  Grand Avenue & Mission Bay Drive, all  way until Garnet Avenue.  This suation is on both directions.
There are multiple potholes on both directions  Ingraham Street; starting wh Sea World Drive all  way until La Playa Avenue.
Small pothole that is progressively getting bigger. Ran over  on my way to work today and  action put a gash on my tire, and forcing me to lose a day  work and replacing said tire.
1 ft deep pothole. 3x3 feet. Middle lane on 4th Ave btwn Cedar and Ash. Not sure which block but 's huge and will damage cars. Probably related to  hi-rise construction.
Very large and deep pothole. East bound lanes  CMBL, just before  onramp.
East bound lanes
Pot hole souast corner.
Middle  street
Pothole on northbound Rosecrans at  intersection  Kurtz Street
very deep pothole right at 9025 Hillery Drive
PER CITY EMPL, THIS POTHOLE NEEDS IMMEDIATE ATTENTION, N/B , NORTH OF INTERSECTION
HAZARDOUS LARGE POT ON UNIVERSITY EAST OF 54TH JUST BEFORE THE ENTRANCE TO UNIVERSITY SQ
Poor temporary repair job. Not good for cars going over!
Pothole in  rightmost southbound lane just before golf course entrance
Southbound lane has huge pothole.  is a safety hazard
Many potholes, cracks, alligator cracks in street for 3 blocks
Large pothole on left side  lane.
The pothole is in front   driveway  7638 Blue Lake. There is also severe cracking in  road in  surrounding area which should be patched.
Pot hole
So many potholes on 28th street from Broadway to Imperial
The pothole is about football size, in  center lane  west bound 56, right before Carmel Creek ex.
Pot hole in East bound I 8 on ramp
Open trenching  at 3400 Bayside Walk. Been like  for months!Why?
LARGE POTHOLE, DAMAGED TIRE
Pothole on Nimz on ramp
Eastbound  Clairemont pot hole
Orcutt Ave between Waring Road and Carthage Street is lerally disintegrating in several areas, particularly where Orcutt intersects Waring.
Several large/deep potholes on westbound Balboa Avenue between Genessee and Clairemont Drive

Cars i n  left hand tun lane on  209 making a left hand turn lane onto Sports Arena Blvd run into a worn out street  Potholes.   is Dangerous!
A pothole in front  Company 22 fire station that could  a safety hazard for ir fire engine when  responding to 911 calls.
On west bound balboa east  Mt Albertine/cannington
IT"S BACK!!!!  I reported  pothole previously and  was patched.  The patch obviously did not hold and IT IS DEEPER THAN EVER.  Previous report information below:Tracking Number: 00138373 Problem Type: PotholeProblem Description: Pothole at  intersection  Florida Street and Robinson Avenue (north west corner at stop sign).Problem Location: Florida Street and Robinson Avenue
Huge pot right before light in front   address. These keep re-appearing consistently!!! Can y be fixed properly!!
Large pothole on  eastbound entrance on to highway 8 from Ingraham street.
Pot holes, pot holes everywhere. Every time  rains and even sometimes when  does not y re-appear. Bigger every time. Can we please get se fixed properly? Stop just using lose asphalt and patching m! They just re-appear! Stop wasting my tax money on temp work!
3 Potholes
Potholes along right Jane near bike lane heading north on Morena before Avati.
Potholes in right lane  convoy heading south before Balboa.
Huge pothole middle lane westbound
Pothole in middle lane  Balboa before Cannington.
Potholes in middle lane  Balboa before Shopping Center Driveway, before Genesee heading west.
Potholes in left lane  Balboa after Genesee heading west.
Two giant craters in right lane  Balboa near bottom  hill after Genesee heading west.
There are potholes at Torrey Pines Road and La Jolla Village Drive

westbound Navajo at Bisby Lake crosswak
Several potholes on  two block street.  The two I reported about four weeks ago are much bigger now.
Major Broken Street Intersection
Pothole
Pothole getting bigger and more forming
Heading west on Balboa near Tecolote Canyon in  right (slow) lane. THIS ONE TOTALLY DESTROYED THE WHEEL ON MY CAR.
Pothole
Pothole
Large pothole northbound at freeway entrance
Pothole
Pothole
PotHole!
Potholes on North bound Genesee on left hand lane.
Located on  left lane (on  right side   lane), right before  spl merging onto 52 East. This big pothole has been here for about a month and  appears my reporting on  app has led nowhere. Please address as s barely avoidable.
Potholes on North bound Morena Blvd. On both left and right hand lanes.
Deep wide potholes on West bound Balboa.
Lots  potholes on West bound Balboa on right hand lane.
Very large and deep pothole

Potholes on both lanes  Marlesta Dr.
Big pothole in between number 1 and number 2 lanes. North on Genesee Avenue just before Esplanade.
Large pothole on f ramp from southbound 15 to Friars road. Right lane.
Huge pothole in left hand lane going north on Santo Road. I got a flat tire last night around 11 pm because I drove through  pot hole.
A pothole formed at  AC patch near  STOP legend at San Luis Rey Pl & Strandway after Monday rain. Contractors   underground project in  area: Sourn and ParElectric confirmed  patchwork is not irs.
Numerous potholes on both directions  Navajo Rd between Waring and Parkridge
Very uneven pavement in right-most lane going westbound.
Many potholes and road damage in front  4224 El Cajon Blvd.
Pothole
Potholes
Very large pothole outside  Universy Square shopping center
Pothole
POTHOLE IN FRONT OF LIQUOR STORE
On Clairemont Meas blvd from hiway 52  to Antigua Blvd...Numerous Potholes in Both Directions on Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Pot holes in both westbound lanes. People swerve to avoid. Very dangerous
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Two potholes one going west to coronado ave and  or going east.
There's a big hole at  corner .
large pothole
Pothole in front  2704 Greyling dr and 2824, 2844, 2854 Greyling dr
ON BALBOA W/B (RIGHT HAND LANE) BAD P/H TIRE DAMAGE
Pothole in South/West bound lane near center  street in line wh storm drain
Potholes
Location approximate. Westbound Balboa between Genessee and Clairemont  Drive , right-hand lane. Hole is about 14W X 18L  X 5Deep.
In  middle   right-hand lane before  stop light for  traffic coming f  freeway
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Large pot holes heading towards,  Linda Vista.
Problem Description:  RESURFACING HAZARD.  THIRD report. Friars Road East Bound. In front/parallel   TJ Maxx store. Previous road work completed but  works left too much asphalt and when driving on road and you pass over  excess asphalt you go flying over  huge bump in  middle   road.You can SEE where or cars have lerally bottomed out on  road - huge scratch marks on  road. This is a SERIOUS PROBLEM!!! There is no way to take a picture   issue. But if a road worker drives east bound you can NOT miss . HAZARD!!! Problem Location:Friars Road, San Diego, CA, Uned States
Giant traffic stopping pothole here.  Numerous potholes all along  mile  Washington.
New pothole going southbound due to  storm.
Pothole on  lane going southbound
Anyone going to fix  very wide and deep pothole here at  intersection? 's dangerous. Multiple requests for  issue on  middle   intersection.
Anyone going to fix  very wide and deep pothole here at  intersection? 's dangerous. Multiple requests for  issue on  middle   intersection.
When will Montezuma Rd going east will be fixed? There are potholes on both lanes all over  street. Reports and complaints have been sent over and over and nothing gets done
When will Fairmount Ave going north  will be fixed? There are potholes on all 3 lanes all over  street. Reports and complaints have been sent over and over and nothing gets done
When will Fairmount Ave going south   will be fixed? There are potholes on all 3 lanes all over  street. Reports and complaints have been sent over and over and nothing gets done
I reported  previously Case # 00148518 as being completed has  not been repaired as   wring
Numerous potholes forcing cars into oncoming traffic.
Large potholes
right turn lane onto south denver st has large pothole.  This is  same corner   abandoned car wash.
numerous potholes on ingulf street.
Moderate size right after entrance to Castle Glen cul-de-sac
There are large pot holes going both East and West on Poway Rd, but re is an extremely large one in  right lane going West Bound near  Savannah Terrace condominiums.
Contractor for fiber optics and cell tower at 666 Upas created  from ir work.  appears that y are done and wh  rain  has sunk.  Wh all  cars on 6th (southbound)  will be a bigger problem soon.
two deep potholes
Huge pothole in left southbound lane!!!

Pothole near middle  intersection
Several large deep potholes south iund on Genessee A enue just North od Genesesee ct
LARGE POTHOLE, E/B NORTH HARBOR, 200' BEFORE HAWTHORN!
Several potholes at Madison ex.
LARGE POTHOLE, E/B NORTH HARBOR & LAUREL!
Large pothole on Northbound Camino Dell Rio W.  left lane.
Major pothole in first lane
POTHOLE
Very deep pothole on right lane. Northbound Waring Rd just past intersection wh Adobe Falls Rd.
POTHOLE
If driving east on Mt. Alifan from Mt. Acadia, right as you get to  Genesee Ave. intersection, re are several wide and deep potholes across  westbound lanes. There is a dip in  road re and  always floods during heavy rain, hence  potholes.
SEVERAL DEEP POTHOLES
LARGE POTHOLE
Extremely deep pothole. Very obvious and about 2 feet in diameter and 6 inches deep. Huge and obvious to find in  area.
LARGE POTHOLE
Multiple potholes
Pothole on eastbound Pomerado Road just west  Scripps Ranch Boulevard intersection.
Many large, deep potholes on Genesee East bound.
several potholes in  middle lane going East on Clairemont Mesa Blvd.  One major pothole at  intersection  Clairemont Mesa and Ruffin Rd.
LARGE DEEP POTHOLE, JUST PAST TARGET E/B!
A few re on pchBad for my suspension!!
Major pot holes on North and South Harbor Dr
Pothole
Long rectangle potholde across  left lane  Linda Vista Rd immediately after Mesa Collage.


Several holes fill wh water
Potholes behind  address in  alleyway. Several Pot Holes.
Pothole
Huge pothole in  left lane heading north bound on santo Rd, just past  high school before getting to Clairemint Mesa Blvd.
pothole
SINKHOLE IN STREET/ 5FTX5FT
E/B ONE FOOT DEEP POTHOLE IFO TMOBILE #3 LANE
Large pothole  width   lane forcing drivers to merge prior to reaching freeway speed.
Many large potholes at intersection  805S f ramp/Ohio St/Madison Ave. See circled area on attached picture.
Large potholes (3-4) at  805 f ramp
hazardous p/h in  eb lane
Que a few potholes on  block
2 Large Pothole that blew out 2  my tires
Very bumpy roads from patched potholes causing bumpy roads, debris and more potholes
Big potholes
Reported a few day ago, several potholes at intersection  Sorrento Valley Blvd and Sorrento Valley Rd. Getting dangerous. One is now heaving up grapefru size chunks  asphalt into  road as shown.
2 significant potholes at 805 s Adam's Ave ex at top  ramp for right turn onto Ohio to Adam's
Giant Pothole
Pothole on Vista Sorrento Pkwy in right northbound lane just as you turn right f  Lusk Blvd. Getting bigger daily.
Large potholes in right eastbound lane  La Jolla Village Dr by  Hyatt.
6" DEEP POTHOLE
exing  College Avenue ex f Eastbound I-8...go north on College Avenue....several significant potholes just as you make  turn onto northbound College Avenue
Pothole
Large bump in road on southbound side  road by bus stop. Hazard for bicyclists
Pothole sighted on 02/28/2017 at 10:45 pm, heading eastbound on Poway Rd between Springhurst Dr. and Lola way. The pothole is located on  inner most left lane. The pothole created damage to my passenger side rim as  hole is located on  right side   inner most left lane. Pothole located directly across from North Cy Church on Poway rd.
H  one today, luckily at slow speed because   stop sign...but fairly deep.
Huge pothole in front  5077 Glasgow Dr
LARGE POTHOLE DAMAGED VEHICLE IN CENTER OF ST
Very large pothole that causes a public safety hazard. Several motorists swerve around  and msy potentially cause traffic collision.
Multiple potholes
Potholes
Very large pothole in  left side   westbound lane.
12 - 15 potholes going southbound on Genessee Ave.
s a huge pot hole on  wast side  Sixth.  is damaging cars that h  as well as cars that are parked from flying debris from street.  is getting deeper and causing more damage by  day.
Multiple potholes
I h a pot hole so large  gave me a flat tire. I had to s in traffic for 1.5 hours waing for a tow truck. Please fix  huge hole. Couldn't take a picture as  was too danderous.
Multiple large potholes at  intersection  Jade Coast Drive and Camino Ruiz.
Multiple potholes at  intersection  Flanders Drive and Parkdale Avenue.
Multiple potholes at  intersection  Mira Mesa Blvd and Camino Ruiz.
Pot hole in  center   intersection
This street reminds me  a third world country.   is ltered wh cable company cover-ups that have gone seriously wrong,DO SONETHING.  's Been  way for 4 years
Northbound lanes  Sorrento Valley Blvd at intersection  Sorrento Valley Rd.  Pothole is 6 foot by 3 foot wide.  Very deep.
All  Upas and  beginning  Pershing are in shambles, s getting worse
Pothole
Pot holes galore
Huge crater in left excing Lane.
About 12 in by 18in
Anor pothole
POTHOLE next to  Subway Restaurant and/or bus stop going EAST on Clairemont Mesa Blvd just before Ruffin Rd
Going SOUTH on Ruffin Rd right pass  Clairemont Mesa Blvd intersection. Oppose  Subway Restaurant / strip mall.
Dozens  potholes between 163 and Linda Vista road. Hard to avoid when heading West towards Linda Vista, getting larger by  day!!!!!!!!
POTHOLES ON POMERADO BETWEEN WILLOW CREEK AND AVNDA MAGNIFICA
We have se recurring potholes in front   8960 Residence f  Hillery Drive.  appears to become increasing larger in diameter, depth and width, and continues to spread. Can you please send someone to assist wh filling  pothole and 's surrounding area? This is a very busy street wh heavy traffic at times. Is  possible to have  whole street repaved, as se temporary fixes are are just that--temporary. Thank you for your attention to  matter.
Large pothole previously filled is opening up. Slamming noise on my tires at less than 20 mph.
Several potholes along  street. Getting tired  swerving in  morning to avoid m.
2 large potholes
Where Rosecrans St. ends heading eastbound I-8, left lane has a big pothole.
Right lane west bound
Very large pothole on northbound lanes
Coming f 163 south freeway I h a large pothole that normally isn?t re (take  ex every day mon-fri), don?t know if ?s because  rain  day before but  ruin my tire and rim (not fancy rim, regular)..Having my tow company come out to fix  Liberty Mutual (insurance) but I am in need  a repaired tire.  Who, where do I contact for  expense which is not my fault but im assuming  cy?s..   Got f 163 freeway south at 6th ave and hole was re after exing a few yards.
Large pothole on Via Tonga and Beyer Way
Huge Potholes over railroad tracks
in number 2 lane west bound side  Balboa
Trench across both lanes that is both sunken and raised.  was repaired recently and  work was very poor. Actually pretty patic. This is  third time that I have reported  dangerous suation. Wh  sunken and raised sections  throws  vehicles up in  air. Please repair properly asap Between 635 and 636 Nautilus Street, both lanes.  This has been reported several time over  past three weeks and has not been repaired
There are a few potholes on  south bound side  Genesee, between Mt Acadia and Boyd.
Pothole in southbound side.
I have reported  before:  600 block Nautilus, La Jolla, broken asphalt extending from curb to curb across width   street.  See photos
Eastbound Balboa, in  #1 lane at  intersection   Shopping Center Driveway, a large 2 foot by 2 foot pothole that is about 3 inches deep.
Huge SINKHOLE forming in  middle   lane on  ramp just under  bridge. From Balboa to  15 north ramp.
Potholes near yum yum donuts driveway.
Deep newly formed potholes
Potholes every where on Poway Rd. 's really bad and very dangerous going west and east. Please fix m ASAP.
Very large pothole beforeStop sign
POTHOLE!
Large potholes on left side   left lane on westbound balboa ave
There is a pothole and a lot   asphalt/slurry is coming up at  intersection  Genesee Ct and Genesee Ave.
2'x2' pothole in left turning lane.
re is a massive pothole in  main intersection  Sorrento Valley Blvd and Sorrento Valley Road. There are large rocks and chunks coming out   hole and  is a large danger to drivers.
Potholes on right lane on Interstate 5 north on ramp from mission bay drive
entire intersection needs repair
Pothole
Pothole
all  Poway Rd from  I15 to Poway cy lims  potholes are so bad I have two flat tires & have seen many or people swirling almost hting or cars to avoid  potholes!
Between I 15 and Repecho re is a low spot om  bike route going west.  is full  very deep mud and sand. If we didn't know about ,  would cause serious injury. If you don't have time to fix  quickly, Please put a sign re that tells bicyclist to get into  lane  traffic. also to warn traffic that we are doing  and are getting in  lane  traffic.Thank you, Gary Hann
Pot hole about 4-5 inches deep and about a foot wide on  left lane on market just before 16th.
In eastbound first lane, so large  is unavoidable
Big hole in left lane
POTHOLES
Lots  potholes in both directions in  area
3' x 8' depression wh crumbling asphalt
Potholes, eastbound Miramar Rd at Nobel Dr,
Potholes near intersection  Marbury Ave
Potholes near intersection  Hillery Dr and Greenford Dr.
Potholes on Eastbound Flanders Drive at San Ramon Drive
Large pothole
Huge potholes on South bound Genesee on right hand lane. meter-wide, 5 inches deep. Many potholes   size along  stretch, lane is unusable.
Huge pothole.  As you turn left onto Sorrento Valley Rd from Sorrento Valley Blvd
Big potholes at intersection
Multiple pot holes in front  Belmont Senior Center on Evening Creek Dr. E heading north.
Multiple pot holes on Evening Creek Dr. N on  side   street oppose   businesses.
Large pot hole in bike lane and part  slow lane on Gilman Dr.
Two large potholes near intersection
Multiple pot holes
Concrete in middle   intersection is starting to sink again.
Multiple potholes at beginning  street.
Pot hole

Pot hole
Pot holes
Huge pothole on turning lane to Fairmount (north) from Home Ave.
Pothole
Pothole
POTHOLES, WHOLE STREET!
Several Potholes have returned on Linda Vista Road north  Genesse. One Big one just past Genesse wh one almost up to Wheaton.thanks for fixing  Genesse potholes. but ir is more work to do re.
Pothole
I h pothole and damaged my 600.00 front rim. Ex f  5 fwy South at 28th st. I will be making a claim.


Pothole
Middle lane westbound Rosecrans before light
Southbound Park, in  #1 land, Just south  El Cajon Blvd a pot hole 20 inches across and 2 inches deep.
Potholes
Patch job heading north west on Genesee Lane two major potholes
Very large crater on freeway f ramp. Cars have to swerve into or lane to avoid.
Potholes need filling
Huge pothole
Right lane before freeway entrance north and right after freeway e trance
Cluster  five potholes. Pic is  one.
SE corner La Jolla Village Drive & Torrey Pines Td
Huge pothole on entrance ramp. This will kill a motorcyclist!
Potholes forming at  intersection and require maintenance.
There's some bad potholes on both sides   road in front   Burger King at Rosecrans and Kurtz.
SB Armstrong St from Mesa College Rd multiple potholes entire block
Three huge potholes in  middle   intersection  Sports Arena Blvd and Rosecrans Street
Deep pothole in  westbound lane  W Pt Loma Blvd.  Almost popped my tire.  Please repair asap.
Several potholes east side  street
Several potholes on both sides   intersection
This pothole is is  middle   intersection  Murray Ridge Road and Mission Center Road/Raejean.  The hole has opened up around a manhole cover.
There are large and deep potholes on 32nd Street that are cause cars to swerve as y come f  I-15 to Naval Base San Diego.  I have received several complaints about  potholes  morning from Naval personnel.
Large dangerous pothole, Northbound on Vista Sorrento Parkway, just after making a left from  805 North Ex, causing my tire to pop.  I could not avoid  pothole whout becoming a danger to ors.
Pothole approximately 15' in length. 4th request to have  serviced!!!Southbound lane  Sunset Cliffs Blvd
POTHOLE
Giant pot hole infront panda Express that will soon turn into a sink hole. The location is 5807 universy Ave San Diego CA 92115. The location above is incorrect.
MULTIPLE, DEEP POT HOLES IN SHELTER ISLAND ROUNDABOUT IN FRONT OF HUMPHREYS
A series  large pot holes on  section   road on both sides. The vehicles have to dodge se potholes,  is causing dangerous driving condions.
that street is in horrible condion
2 potholes on  onramp to  8 Frwy. They are over 6 inches deep
Eastbound Via De la Valle #1, #3, & right turn lane just before  intersection   Flower Hill Promenade
Alley behind 3815 has giant potholes
Near intersection  40th St. & Cottonwood St.
Eastbound lanes  Via de la Valle at  Flower Hill Promanade (inside  intersection)
Near intersection  40th St. & Cottonwood St.
Near 3980 Cottonwood St.
Near 3983 Cottonwood St.
Pothole by 15707 San Andreas Drive
Near 3977 Cottonwood St.
Near 3961 Cottonwood St.
Eastbound #1 lane  Via De la Valle just past  McDonald's
Multiple potholes & a large hump at  intersection  Earl St. & Cottonwood St.
Street is sunken ~1-2" on Earl St. @ intersection wh Cottonwood St.
Pothole approximately 4'x7'.   is on  on ramp to  163N from 10th Avenue. (under Universy Ave.)   is unavoidable and has been re for weeks.
Very large and dangerous pot hole on West bound Balboa on right hand lane. Very wide and deep, takes up almost entire lane.
Road still wet from storms, seems to be a leak somewhere. Also  water is on top  a lot  potholes so  will only get worse.
Large, dangerous pot hole in intersection
Pothole in (East) crosswalk at corner  Fay Ave & Genter St.
There is a huge hump in across  road that makes me catch air on my mtorcycle, and jolts  crap out  my car. Is  how  cy repairs busted concrete? Very dangerous...
Pothole in left lane going East before  pavement "changes".
Trench/Hole in  right lane  East Bound Universy.  My vehicle bottomed out hting  meter lid.  I hope re is no substantial damage.
Several large, dangerous pot holes here has drivers swerving to avoid m.
Huge
POTHOLE CENTER LANE W/B
Pothole in turn lane to get to  middle school.
POTHOLE W/B CENTER OF STRRET
Multiple potholes just f corner
Several very large potholes in right lane on Genesee between Mt Alifan Dr and Genesee Court E. A few have gotten larger since  severe rains.
(3) Potlholes at  top   163 f ramp to Adams Ave from 805. (at Madison Ave & Ohio St)
Long string  pot holes
2 large potholes on  f ramp from  805,next to  stop sign
Several potholes along  street from 2929 Health Center Dr to Mesa College Dr.
Several potholes at  intersection  Stalmer St and Linda Vista Dr.
Pothole that is getting larger  across from our house. Crack close by is also growing. Cars go through  pothole all day and night. Concerned  may cause an accident if a driver loses control. This street is used regularly by emergency vehicles.
Several potholes from Mesa College Dr northbound to Baltic St.

Pothole at end  new pavement at SW part  intersection in NW bound left turn lane onto southbound Catalina Blvd.
This is at  stop sign at  intersection  Andasol and Flower Meadow (or  might be Windy Ridge).  There is a deep pot hole that every driver hs when turning onto Andasol.  And anor pothole in  or lane, right across from .
POTHOLE AS YOU DRIVE OUT OF POST OFFICE
Large pothole in center  intersection  Worden St and Camino Loral. Needs fixin'.
Massive pothole and concrete sinking around water valve(?)  in center  intersection  Scott St and Canon St. Needs immediate attention to reduce car/tire damage.
2ND REQUEST. Please fill asphalt pothole at beginning  bridge north bound just as you approach  concrete bridge in right lane near  end  I-8.
Deep pothole
Massive number  concrete potholes SE bound all lanes need to be filled wh concrete. Roadway/bridge is in unsafe condion to drive over and is causing severe tire and vehicle damage. Roadway should be closed until new 4 lane bridge is constructed.  is definely not safe to drive over. Signs should be posted from both directions  is not safe to drive over.
This is  worst pothole EVER!  is on Washington street on  north side   street and  is just east  Fifth avenue.  As you drive west on Washington  will squarely smack your passenger side tire. Thank you for fixing ASAP, Washington is a very busy street.
Multiple potholes located on Rancho Bernardo Rd. between Pomerado Rd. and Summerfield Ln. Potholes caused from recent rains.
POTHOLE TWO OF THEM
Large pothole at Gold Coast Drive and Gold Coast Way
Potholes on Rancho Penasquos @ Paseo Montril in  eastbound direction
Pothole
South side  Aldine just past  wall re is a "dch" that had cones and now has no warning for vehicles that may go too far to  right.  needs filling  some sort.
North bound right lane going down hill
Fast lane E bound
On  corner  Prospect and Jenner St. re's a major pothole as you cross  street
Intersection going east right lane at light pothole right side  lane
Both sides  Poway Road to  cross street  Springhurst Dr., west to east and east to west are loaded wh BIG potholes.
100 ft east  Canington  on balboa pot hole
There are 2 big potholes in  intersection
Big po
Basically a mini sinkhole and very difficult to avoid
Street is very uneven wh potholes causing drivers to drive on oppose side  road to avoid bumpy road
3+ inch lip due to crumbling  road. All over Seminole Drive.
3 large shallow potholes on Park Blvd between (ex for Park Blvd f transion from 163 to 5 south to I-5 overpass).
Pothole located in intersection just after  crosswalk on southbound Santo.
Eastbound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd in  fast lane at Murphy Canyon Rd
Trip hazard. Crumbling tarmac. PLEASE FIX POTHOLES ON ENTIRE STREET!!!
multiple potholes on dwight street both east and west  grim ave
On I-8 eastbound in  far right lane just before (West)  Mission Center Rd overpass above.
Pothole
There is a growing hole here wh water running out.  Been like that for at least 2 days.  This road was repaved a few months ago and  hole has been patched at least once since.
Pothole
Eastbound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd in right lane ~ 100' to 200' west  entrance into Vons parking lot (approx.  300' west  Santo Road)
Deep pothole in intersectionat train tracks, towards overpass
There are a few big deep holes in  middle  street
Multiple potholes on downhill direction  Pennant road
Very deep and wide crater like pothole.  Very hard to avoid!
There is a pothole at Beryl and Lamont
There is also anor 3 large potholes on  or side  traffic going west bound. Near cannington street.
Left side  right lane, between 7-11 and recycler
Potholes all through Morningside st,
Large, about 2-3 feet wide
This area has been bad and getting worse. Widespread and bigger. Whole block is terrible and dangerous to all.
Pothole
Large pothole westbound Balboa just before Cannington. Center lane.
NE-bound, just exing  intersection. Big deep wide pothole
Several smaller potholes in Southbound Parkdale Ave, starting from Mira Mesa blvd. The whole street is patch over patch, needs top layer removed and redone.
The section between Flanders dr and Gold Coast dr is patch over patch over patch wh potholes here and re
Large pothole on public street at Illinois st and boundary st. Impeding entry into apartment complex driveway.
Long vertical cracks in center  S bound on ramp have been seeping water ever since heavy rain 4 days ago. Not gutter overflow. Appears to be seeping up thru  asphalt
Holes
Large pothole in  sourn park   intersection
15 inch wide by 6" deep! Between Casa De Las Campanas and Lake Hodges
Date:2/28/17 at 12:25 PM.  Large Pothole located on Santo Road., San Diego, CA.  Cross Street Claremont Mesa Blvd. I was traveling wh  flow   traffic on  left lane when my left tire fell into  pothole creating a loud noise where my arms h  steering wheel from  impact. As I moved forward to turn left on Clairemont Mesa Rd, my tire went out. I go to  safest place to park my car to observe  damage. The pothole caused damage creating a dent to  rim and a hole on  tire due to  impact.  I would like to place a claim in regards to  damage. My direct line is 619-587-2005. -Veronica Esparza
#2 lane pothole
#2 lane pothole eastbound
In  first lane from right
Big hole in  center lane about 2 feet long.
First lane from left
East to west
WB ON BALBOA. DAMAGED VEHICLE
Extremely large pothole. When  rained,  filled wh water. When I drove over , I scraped undercarriage  car.
P/H DAMAGED VEH-GENESEE/UNIVERSITY TOWN CENTER/MID ST
Faced several potholes driving north to south from Balboa ave. through Genesee Ave.( not an exact location)
The asphalt around  storm-drains are gone creating a hole
Big crater pothole in left lane heading south on Ruffin Russ before Sky Park Ct.
Large potholes where  asphalt meets  concrete
Multiple potholes in both lanes southbound
Area affected is in  alley behind 3047-3051 Juniper Street. In late 2016  cy poured asphalt over large chunks  concrete that had become dislodged. Today,  company doing construction on a home f Ivy that shares  alley had a very heavy delivery and drove over  area causing significant breaking   chunks, addional sinking and popping up, and caused addional damage to  road. The area affected is approx. 15 ft long by 4 ft wide and re is clearly marked yelllow paint identifying gas lines under  affected area.
Crater - like pothole on Balboa heading east in  middle lane, just after Genesee.
Pothole
In eastbound lane, just east   intersection. Eir a pothole or broken water causing sinking.
Pothole in crosswalk, one  two across Kamloop Ave at Geddes Dr
Pothole across one half lane  traffic
POTHOLE INCREASES TO THREE FEET PLEASE COME
Lots  small potholes at  intersection  Paseo Lucido and Corte Sabio.
Pot holes at in  intersection  Paseo Lucido and avenida venusto.
Middle lane 2 pot holes
Pothole at far right edge  10th Ave ex  5 south before  163n and 10th Ave spl.
About 2 ft sq and 4 inches deep
Along Rancho Carmel Dr. , between Carmel Mtn. Rd. And Ted Williams Pkwy
Large pothole in far right lane at merge.  Thank you, David
Several potholes WB in both lanes in  area.  Thank you, David
Med pothole in  area heading EB towards Midway Dr.  Thank you, David
There's a big pothole on Hwy 94 East just about a quarter mile before  Federal Blvd framp. 's in between  two right lanes.
Huge pothole approximately  a foot and a half wide and about 6 feet long ver, very deep.  Right at  curve.
Two potholes spanning entire width  number one lane heading westbound on Balboa Ave. Extreme safety hazard for potential traffic collision and personal automobile property damage is potential. Needs to be treated as an escalated pothole ticket.
Major pot holes on rosecrans and sports area drive on left hand lane.
Pothole has come back.   was just patched and now  is caving in.Linda vista road North go right on Genessee Ave. East.   is on Genesee Ave. # 2 lane as soon as you go right f  Linda Vista Road North
The left-hand westbound lane  Rosecrans through Sports Arena Boulevard is very badly rutted and potholed. drivers who know about  area slow to a walking pace as y cross  street.   is not passable at  anything or than a walking pace.  is really bad.  The ruts have potholes and  potholes have ruts.  The second to  left lane is now also becoming a problem.  has a 2 foot diameter pothole in  left-hand part   lane.   Please fix se lanes.   Thank You.
Big pothole
2 large holes or dips. Right lane
Long pothole and deep on edge  road and curb.  Worsened by recent cy water pipe replacement and floods.
Many cracks and holes at intersection
Cracks and hole all over  intersection
Pothole going west on Aero Dr between Afton Rd and Aero Ct
2 potholes side by side on  right lane going west on Montezuma Rd between 54th St and Yerba Santa.
Big pothole going west on Washington Street 163 turnf right after crossing bridge before you come to 5th avenue.
Giant pothole in middle lane
Correction:  big pothole going west on Washington st in far right lane after you drive past bridge going toward 5th Ave.
The trench that crosses  road is now a pothole.
DEEP POTHOLE OR TRENCH CAUSING VEHICLE DAMAGE.
CAUSING TROUBLE FOR PEDESTRIANS UNABLE TO CROSS SAFELY AND GETTING WET.  IT'S FULL OF WATER AND WILL NEED TO BE PUMPED OUT.
Numerous deep potholes north and south  Genesee Court East, northbound lanes
In  ally between 46th St. and Chamoune Ave. on Universy Ave. in Cy Hights,  is becoming an ongoing issue  work done "Half Ass" just to finish  job that's been going on for almost an 6 months
Large new pothole at  west end   2400 block  Ardath Lane (f Torrey Pines Rd. in La Jolla) in  curve near  fire station & across from  tennis court.
The alley behind  homes  Bancrt St. and 33rd St, between Adams Ave. and Monroe Ave. has numerous potholes.  The Cy did some 'drainage' work re 4 months ago, and broke a gas line.  We were evacuated.  When y finished,  street was in furr disrepair.  Most homeowners have ir garages on  alley and use  regularly to park ir vehicles.   needs to be 'repaired' and or replaced.
Pothole on  side by  houses
2 x 2 Pot hole. referred from SD Water.
Huge hole needs ASAP attention
Ran over a pothole about 3ft in width 6 inches deep in  middle  Balboa Ave going west downhill. Busted rim on my Vehicle.
Pothole in intersection
Pot Hole in left eastbound lane just before  5 overpass.  Very dangerous!  Gets larger every day.  Could cause driver to veer right into or lane, or left into concrete barrier.
Huge pothole in northbound lane on border wh bike lane. Hazard for bicyclists and drivers
8" deep LARGE pothole 2' wide by 4' long.  Very damaging to tires and rims
Eastbound Ted Williams play in  left lane.  Approx 4ft by 1ft, growing each day
DEEP potholes.  Two potholes in  northbound lane.  Very damaging to tires and rims
LARGE POTHOLE N/B ON SANTO SOUTH OF CLAIREMONT MESA.
A 24 x 24 Pot hole
There is a big chunk   street that got loose. Maybe a foot long. Also next door is anor pothole maybe a foot long too. There is street chunk debris as well close to  potholes.
Across from 8515 Jamacha Road re is a large area where  asphalt on  side   road has eroded away and makes a very big puddle  standing water for months after rain, is contributing to  mosquo problem in area,please fill  area wh asphalt so water doesn't collect.
very bad potholes outside lane closest to shopping center
Major potholes at intersection
Major potholes at intersection
Major potholes up and down street, dangerous elevation changes on fairly busy street
Three large potholes in  south bound lane on Genessee Ave between Mt Alifan and Genessee Ct East. They are in  right hand lane

Big pothole near Carmel Creek Ex on I-56 west
Contractors completed a gas main replacement project several weeks ago and left  intersection  Agate St. and La Jolla Mesa Drive a mess.  Contractors removed part   concrete apron that channels water down  east side  La Jolla Mesa and didn't repair  concrete.  Asphalt patches have already partially washed away leaving deep pot holes.  Or portions  Agate St. near  intersection have potholes due to  construction work.    The entire intersection needs to be repaved.
POTHOLE
Large pot holes in  middle   intersection  3800 Sorrento Valley Boulevard and 11000 Sorrento Valley Road,
NUMEROUS POTHOLES IN STREET SECTION.
POTHOLE NEAR DIVIDER.
pothole in middle  intersection
Deep potholes in #1 lane
Two 24 in+ potholes on clairemont Mesa Blvd @ Kearny Mesa Rd. One in  West bound no 1 left turn lane. Anor nearby in  east bound lane inside  intersection.
Potholes
Pothole has been re for about 3 months. After latest rain  got a lot worse! Reporting  now via form on Cy webse wh help  librarian at UC Branch Library.
The pothole in  road
Alley needs to be redone.
Big pot hole in right lane
South bound
6 very deep potholes on southbound Genessee between Mt Alifan and Boyd
LARGE POTHOLE TWO OF THEM ABOUT 8 INCHES DEEP
LARGE POTHOLE
Santo Rd, northbound. Large Pothole in #1 lane (left). Very destructive to auto undercarriage and tires.
Massive potholes in  intersection  Sports Area and Midway Dr.  They keep getting deeper and wider.
Hole that keep getting bigger by  corner where Menchies is located, across from  Salvation Army Thrift Store.

Right turn lane to nb Fairmont, broken holes, grabs wheel  motorcycle when turning
Sb Fairmont, under overpass bridge, 5"hole, slammed my motorcycle wheel repeatedly
Big potholes spread out through all 3 lanes. 7 plus pot holes heading West on del Norte. Heading East on del NorteThere are 3  deep potholes before and after  ex on to  Freeway I-5
6"pothole where alley enters 46th street, cars drive on oppose lane to avoid
LARGE POTHOLE ON NAUTILUS EAST OF LA JOLLA BL.
Length wise crack 4"deep on whe dotted line, dangerous to change lanes on motorcycle at night

3 very large & deep potholes 3900 block genessee ave southbound
Lerally dozens  potholes, on both sides   street, from  train tracks at Kenamar all  way to Camino Santa Fe.  This morning I counted over 20 on just one side   street, and y are all large, deep potholes that can damage tires/suspension.  Some are at  se  previous repairs.  The train tracks at Kenamar also have a lot  warping   pavement, making crossing  tracks a very bumpy and jarring ride.  I understand that will take a lot more work than filling potholes, but that is something you may want to consider repairing as well.
Numerous pot holes
Large pot hole on east bound lane.
HUGE POTHOLE in middle lane!! Looks like  whole road is under ground!
Potholes and rippled pavement driving east on Gold Coast drive at San Ramon Drive
Numerous potholes both direction on Gold Coast Drive from San Ramon Drive to Westchester Ave.Thank you.
two large pot holes in west bound lanes near intersection  and two large pot holes in east bound lanes near intersection
ATT  and contractor cut roadway to install large (fiber optic) bundle from Balboa ..West.   Street repair after installation is  poor qualy , not compacted, and opens roadway to damage and erosion .Cy should not allow ATT and Contractors to damage roadway whout making good, long lasting repairs after y are done.
Multiple pot hole main st @ 27th.
Two deep, major pot holes in  middle and left lanes.
Major pothole in fast lane (east bound). We h  and got flat tire. When we pulled over, two or cars were already pulled over wh flat tires.
2 POTHOLES; 1 IN FRONT OF 13119 SUNDANCE AND 1 IN FRONT OF 13135 SUNDANCE AV
Pothole southbound side near intersection
 Golden Hill Park re a number small pot holes, 3 larger ones and a really long one. Also throughout  circle  pavement is broken up. A lot  people including I run around  circle for exercise so  be nice if  was smoor. Thank you
Middle   intersection between 33rd and C is torn up and needs attention. There are various small holes and two larger ones that cars have to avoid. Thank you.
LOTS OF POTHOLES ON WHOLE STREET
Big hole. People don't even drive in that lane.
Pothole
location is west  river run dr and east  Qualcomm way.Problem: multiple Wide cracks running parallel to a bicyclist direction  travel.No bike lane here, so cyclists must operate where cracks are.And, hey, how about some sharrows all along rio san diego  so motorists knowcyclist are road users, too?  Thanks for listening.
Potholes 70th St. between Alvarado and El Cajon going south
Very large pothole on Vista Sorrento Parkway as you turn left f  I-805N Off-ramp
Potholes in center lanes on  College Ave bridge going over Hiway 8. Also, same area, Del Cerro Blvd between College Ave and Madra Ave

Multiple large pot holes
5 or 6 large (2'2') potholes in  south/west bound lane. Most are near  center divider line.
Pothole
Fatigue cracking, slippage cracks, and potholes.

Capricorn in mira mesa.. East and west... Big one before saggarius going east
Slippage cracks and block cracking.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole in center  street at marker.
Pothole
Pothole
There is a pothole in  right east bound lane  Camino Del Norte between Bernardo Center Dr and  I-15 freeway about 150 feet before  freeway.
LOTS OF POTHOLES. ONE AT 15165, 15125, AND 15175.
Wouldn't even come close to making a large and growing pot hole on La Jolla Parkway Eastbound in  left lane just before  area that was repaved. Much traffic and a very dangerous suation.
There are several potholes on Camino Del Norte on  right two west bound lanes between  I-15 freeway and Bernardo Center Dr.
Big pot hole going towards Navajo
Pothole
2 feet wide, 3 feet deep & full  water.  Just north  Adobe Falls Road on Waring Road, just past  stoplight going up  hill in  right lane.
LARGE POTHOLE ON CAMINO DEL NORTE BEFORE HITTING BERNARDO CENTER DR. CAUSED TWO POPPED TIRES ON VEHICLE.
2 large potholes just before light on El Cajon blvd and 70 th
Very large pothole
Pothole
Pot hole near curb on east side street
Pot hole about 200 feet south  Via Alicante partially in bike lane.
Pothole
Pothole far right lane before turn on genesee
Huge pothole hard to dodge  humungase
 junction   interstate-15 road and  f ramp to Tierrasanta Blvd/Balboa Ave
Pothole middle  right lane
5ft  damaged road and small pot holes
From Balboa Ave eastward and getting on entrance to I-15 south --- 's where  onramp meets  freeway (just north and under Balboa/Tierrasanta Blvd overpass).ALSO, from Tierrasanta Blvd westward getting on I-15 south --- 's where  onramp meets  freeway (south  Balboa/Tierrasanta Blvd overpass).
Large pothole
Large pothole in left lane on Balboa Ave EB.
Right where  on ramp meets  freeway at I-8. (For westbound I-8 from  From Camino Del Rio N eastward and getting onto I-8 westward AND if you I-8 for Qualcom/Texas Street but you don't take eir  those exs you'll continue to get back on  freeway). Again - where  on ramps meet  freeway.
Pothole on Balboa Ave WB Rt lane. Face North Panera Bread will directly in front  you,
Nasty potholes and cracks in  street. Water gars on Garde court intersection and attracts insects.
Big
 is in  right lane, right at  light.  is approximately 3 feet across.
Westbound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd just past La Quenta in  fast lane re was a large pothole that was fixed and  tree must have been coming up out   ground and re was too much asphalt put on  creating a big mound for driving over. But at  beginning  that repair work,  is already letting go and anor pothole has opened.ALSO - The eastbound repair work by anor tree in that same viciny is way too much  a lump for driving over on that road!
WB CLM Blvd left turn lane before intersection  Mercury St, Large size hole.
Several potholes on intersection CMB and Kearny Mesa Blvd EB. Also less than a 100' EB CMB Left lane several potholes.
Several potholes still exist, although some have been fixed.
WB CMB Left turn lane Lg hole before Complex St
Looks like a water line might be causing a pothole or divet in  street
SB Park Blvd Intersection ALSO where buses drop f passengers at  curb Lg hole
SPORTS ARENA BLVD & ROSECRANS ST SB INTERSECTION SEVERAL LG POTHOLES
More potholes and ors on  same road
Giant pothole in middle  eastbound Sorrento Valley Boulevard at Sorrento Valley Road
2 very deep potholes in left hand lane, westbound
Huge pot hole half  width   lane and several inches deep
Multiple potholes
NB COLLEGE AVE LEFT LANE SEVERAL POTHOLES . ITS NORTH OF THE COLLEGE AVE BRIDGE.  JUST PAST WB I-8 COLLEGE AVE  OFF RAMP
The pothole has grown in size for almost a year.

Large pothole - approximately 2x3 feet, 6-9 inches deep. Have observed cars losing control temporarily after hting  pothole. Northwest corner  Park and Universy
Potholes?multiple potholes?all throughout Seminole Drive, especially near clay park. Please fix.
2 ft x 1 ft Large pothole at intersection  Balboa Avenue and Shopping Center Driveway (kohls and Vons)
Large pothole in left lane  Sorrento Valley Blvd (going straight) headed towards Vista Sorrento Parkway
MULT. POTHOLES ALONG 3300 HUNDRED BLOCK OF UPAS ST. BOTH DIRECTIONS
Numerous large potholes in major intersection Sport Arena Blvd and Rosecrans
Huge pot hole northbound left lane after tracks
MULTIPLE POTHOLES ALONG 3100 BLOCK OF UPAS ST.
Same potholes that was filled 21 days ago. Need a permanent fix , not just filling. Heavily used corner! Getting worse ever day!!!
multiple pot holes in intersection  west can del rio
Big deep pothole on East bound Balboa on  intersection entrance to 85C and Target. 's on  left hand side right underneath  2nd street lights (not where you make a stop, but where you drive under once traffic moves)
Very large pothole
Pothole filled wh water between alleyway and Chippewa. 's on an an incline and re has also been running water coming down from up Chippewa and from inside alleway even after or roads have dried from storm already.
Big pothole
The I-805 North ramp ex to Mira Mesa Blvd is in a bad shape and has several pothole and cracked asphalt
Potholes all over intersection, some very large
Tis street is in terrible disrepair.  is damaging vehicles.  desperately needs to be repaved. Please let me know when  is scheduled.A concerned taxpayer
Multiple potholes throughout entire length  road.
Pothole
Gnarly potholes throughout  entire intersection. Need fixed ASAP
  intersection  Linda Vista  and Mesa College Drive. 's extremely large.
Very unsafe road potholes and buckling
Massive pothole
Middle lane
 pot hole just gave me a flat tire!!!!! need  cy to please compensate me!! s  pot hole right beneath  stoplights!!! in front   Mendoza Elementary School!! don't have  money to buy a new tire!!!
Major potholes at intersection
Large pothole on eastbound ted williams left lane just eat  15
Large crater like pothole in right lane  Washington heading west between 6th and 5th.
Potholes
Big pothole in  middle  intersection on  eastbound side
Intersection Balboa and Convoy.When turning from Balboa eastbound to Convoy southbound, massive pothole in intersection near curb
 intersection is dappled wh potholes, uneven surface, my multiple requests about  intersection never gets fixed for some reason.  entire area needs to be resurfaced. please do something!!!
right turn lane here on W. Point Loma Blvd. has a big pothole and some smaller ones. please fill up and fix. Thx.
westbound on W. Point Loma Blvd. Many potholes along  stretch   road that need to be filled up please.
The f ramp for Friars road when heading south on  15 had a very large pothole  in  middle lane   f ramp
Really big pothole that needs to be fixed immediately,  is on  slow(exing) lane before getting f at El Cajon Blvd 805 North.

Two pot holes have opened up on West Bound Balboa Ave, in  dip through  canyon approaching  Clairemnt Drive.
South bound on Gilman Dr, right hand lane, at  intersection  Via Alicante re is a pothole in  travel lane.
Two big potholes
Big pothole
Large pothole west bound near  shoulder
Sinkhole on middle street
South bound side
Two big potholes on Balboa.
Pothole
There are several large potholes along Universy Ave. from  Arco gas station on  corner  54th, all  way to  liquor store past Burlington.
There are several large potholes on Montezuma Rd. East lanes starting where  red marker is going all  up to where re is a break in  bike lane and  right turn lane starts.
Deep pothole by curb in rt. Turn lane to activy rd. The deepness is compounded by mts busses and heavy trucks making rt turns.
Wide pothole in outside rt. Turn lane on framp from I15 south to friars road west.
Large pothole in center  intersection


Large pothole on  north side  Washington Street and just to  west   stoplight at  cross street  5th Avenue.
Several large potholes in  alley behind  address.
Giant sink wh small on forming next to storm-drain n/w end  park by basketball ct affecting private property.
Large potholes
Two huge potholes west bound
Started as a small dip days ago now 's getting bigger.. looks like a sink hole is starting
Pot hol 1x5 wh lots  broken asphalt , pd states hazard
Street asphalt is sinking into a deep hole in  middle   road.
Pothole approximately 2 ft x 3 ft x 1 ft deep inside  intersection  Sorrento Valley Blvd and Sorrento Valley Rd. Specifically  intersection  eastbound lanes  Sorrento Valley Blvd and southbound lanes  Sorrento Valley Rd.
Vehicle  damaging pot  hole  on balboa halfway between Clairemont and Genesee. by tecolote park westbound.
Three pot holes need to be filled.
Hi, Please if you can, consider  one an urgent (emergency?) pothole. I lost control  my vehicle going over  pothole. 's going to cause an accident today, guaranteed. The pothole is located on La Jolla Parkway on  52 E on-ramp. You'll see  right where  road divides into  52 and  5. I would say that if an accident hasn't been reported here yet,  soon will be as people are leaving  beach by  route  weekend. Please, please help!! Thank you!
Large pothole and several smaller ones in that intersection
Multiple potholes eastbound in  4700 block  Appleton
Water coming out  pothole. Possible broken pipe. Been like  for over a week. Water runs into  gutter.
On ramp carpool lane big pothole
There are many large potholes along northbound Ingraham St between Diamond St and Beryl St.
Triangular manhole loose from asphalt damage my  car tire
Huge potholes
Large pothole on Vista Sorrento Parkway southbound West lane at  corner  Carmel Mountain Road
Broken asphalt
On East bound friars just West  Mission Center in  bike lane, re is a 1ft x 3 ft pot hole and a smaller one right next to .
Large pothole
My car ran over a pothole and now has a flat tire.  cost me $100 to fix.
Towards mission gorge
Sink hole is getting bigger wh traffic
Third lane from right
LARGE POTHOLE
POTHOLES ON GENESEE FROM MARLESTA DR TO MT ALIFAN.
POTHOLES ON GENESEE FROM MARLESTA TO MT ALIFAN
Big pothole in left lane  Torrey Pines Road North just before Roseland Drive
POTHOLES FROM MARLESTA TO MT ALIFAN.
Genesee northbound, right lane  Large pothole.Street surface is actually failing in that area, slumping, cracks, can anything be scheduled to actually fix that area to stop furr degradation?
There are at least six very severe potholes in  area.
Large pothole on  middle East bound lane
pothole is located slightly east on balboa avenue.  Please repair/patch.
From Mira Mesa, turning into Aderman (heading south) re is a pothole.
Big pot hole, 2 ft in diameter
Pothole in middle  intersection
Two huge potholes
Huge Pothole
Large pothole on right turn lane.
Intersection   I-5 Southbound framp at Via de la Valle (westbound direction #2 lane, inside  intersection).
Multiple optholes
56 w just before ex 1B
In  4500 block southbound  lane  Clairemont Drive, re are a number  potholes ranging from about 4520 to 4562
In  Left lane, northbound, about 3845 and  right lane, northbound about 3863, re several potholes
POTHOLE
Spreading pothole, two feet wide
4 inch wide Lateral cracks, 5-25 feet long, both directions half mile  unsafe road and potholes
POT HOLE
POT HOLE
Potholes north and south   address need filled please. Been re 1 year +.Thanks
Numerous potholes from Gleason Rd intersection and more appearing every day. to  bridge. Please fillasap.
Large pothole need more asphalt south bound left lane at north side  intersection at West Pt Loma Bl just before sidewalk across from Union gas station
Pothole on southbound Sunset Cliffs Bl. Please fill please.
Pot hole needs filling asap please. Thanks !
Pothole
Entire intersection here is terrible
Multiple potholes along southbound Convoy Street between Ostrow Street and Aero Drive. Also at  intersection  Convoy Street and Aero Drive.
POTHOLE


Pothole on southbound Linda Vista Rd. between Aero Drive and Stalmer Street.

Going South on Morena Blvd, going under Highway 8, (can't see  pothole,  is  shade in  west bound line.)
Potholes on southbound Linda Vista Rd.
Deep pot hole. SE corner  La Jolla Village Drive and Torrey Pines road.


Multiple potholes along Kearny Mesa Rd. north and southbound between Ollo Ave. and Convoy Street.
Potholes along southbound Linda Vista Rd.
Multiple potholes along northbound Linda Vista Road including  right lane and  right turn lane.
Multiple potholes on Genesee Ave. eastbound.
Collection  3-4 massive potholes on college ave north  f ramp.
Series  large potholes
Multiple potholes on eastbound Genesee Ave. including  far right lane.
Very large pothole on Eastbound Balboa at entrance to  Vons shopping center
Pothole eastbound


in  southbound lane nearest  curb and gutter- right past  intersection wh Mohawk Street- -fairly large pothole
TWO HAZARDOUS POTHOLES AND MOUND OF DIRT LEFT AFTER BURTECH CONSTRUCTION ON STREET.
Very large pothole after crossing Taylor Street bridge from I-8 west, when turning right towards Old Town.  This can ruin tires and suspension!
Pothole



Big pothole eastbound right lane




2' DEEP POTHOLE IN LEFT LANE IN LINE WITH TIRES. BENT RIM AND CAUSED FLAT TIRE.

Pothole on main st in neighborhood. Hard to see at night and avoid due to size

This is a pot hole in front   fire station.  should be fixed ASAP.  This could damage fire engines and delay responses

long expanding crack in govenor dr near squad 56
PER CUSTOMER POTHOLES ON NAUTILUS W BOUND LANE.
Pothole on Clairemont in intersection  Convoy going west in right lane.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A LARGE HAZARDOUS POTHOLE AT THE ADDRESS.
Pothole westbound on Nautilus in front  Muirlands Jr. high school
Bad traffic area near school on Valeta
POTHOLES ON 5600 BLOCK
POTHOLES ON 5500 BLOCK
POTHOLES IN INTERSECTION
potholes in front  driveway and all over street
Tossing up rocks into cars
Pot hole on  right hand lane traveling North Bound on Montezuma.
Two potholes on I-5 northbound on-ramp at Del Mar Heights Road.
Killing my wheels
2x2 pot hole at  intersection , pd states s a hazard
Northbound lane is impassable at over 2 mph due to extreme dip. Crunches bumpers daily.
Large pot hole popped tire
Westbound left turn lane onto Ruffin
Bone jarring pothole in right WB lane.  Fix immediately! Probably fucking destroyed my alignment.
A large pothole at  NW corner.
Several large potholes at  intersection  Convoy Street and Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Several large potholes at  intersection  Camino Ruiz and Mira Mesa Blvd.
A large pothole in  middle lane  westbound 9212 Miramar Road.
Deep pothole
Pothole
3-4 large potholes, Genesee southbount, just north  Mt. Alifan Drive.
Multiple potholes in southbound lane on Clairemont Dr south  Clairemont Mess Blvd after  lanes merge. These holes are approximately 1.5 feet wide and 2 feet long and directly in  path  drivers side wheels.
There is a sinkhole about 3 feet in diameter and a foot deep in  middle   street next to a manhole. This is in front  my apartment. I noticed  after  last rain we had on February 27th. 's getting bigger every day.
Huge pothole located in front  Carls Jr, right passed Coco's Restaurant. Traffic has to merge far right to drive whout falling in ! If you have to merge and turn left onto Sunset Lane, you have to drive into , no way around ! My car now needs an alignment due to that pothole! Please fix pothole soon! Thank you!
Several portholes & cracks on my street  worst one @ 3358 Gregory, and a whole section on UPAS St. from Felton St. to Boundary St. is in very poor state, many potholes & cracks.
On South bound 70th Street in-between Sarnac St. and Mohawk St. in  number 1 lane (left lane), re are 4-5 large potholes that are large and deep.

Multiple deep potholes
Numerous potholes between  lanes
There is at least one large pothole at  north end   Florida in  southbound lane right at  crosswalk at El Cajon Bl - close to  7-11 strip mall - y are still full  water so you don't realize how deep y are until you drive over m.
Lots if potholes.
Lots  potholes in street
A street full  potholes
2 potholes in  #1 N/B lanes
Many potholes and large cracks east bound lanes
Potholes in  #2 west bound lanes
Pothole in  #1 west bound lane
Right lane
Large potholes in  east bound lanes
Large 2 ft pothole on lane 1
1' DEEP POTHOLE. PLEASE FILL WITH CONCRETE.
Large pothole in lane 2 east bound Balboa Ave
POTHOLES ON CHATEAU FOR MT ABERNATHY TO GENESEE.
There are 3 big potholes at  top   hill by 7/11
About 10 potholes on Tecolote Rd as you approach Morena from  West.
Pothole.
This street is heavily damaged. More than a decade  neglect. There's a bad pothole on 3004 section. Please fix.
Pothole.
Pothole.
Pothole.
Pothole.
Previously repaired pothole wh new pothole.
There is a huge pothole on Carmel Country Road (near  cross road Townsgate Drive).  has slashed my tires twice, causing me to have to replace  whole tire as  couldn't be repaired.  has also damaged my tire rim. This has cost me $800+ in new tires. I am sure I am not  only one  has happened to. Please fix  pothole urgently
  main intersection. Murray ridge road and cross street Raejean Avenue. Massive pothole. The picture doesn't show . 's to  left. Probably 2 feet deep and 's been growing every day. Needs to be fixed ASAP. Very dangerous. Can't be missed.
  main intersection. Murray ridge road and cross street Raejean Avenue. Massive pothole. The picture doesn't show . 's to  left. Probably 2 feet deep and 's been growing every day. Needs to be fixed ASAP. Very dangerous. Can't be missed.
  main intersection. Murray ridge road and cross street Raejean Avenue. Massive pothole. The picture doesn't show . 's to  left. Probably 2 feet deep and 's been growing every day. Needs to be fixed ASAP. Very dangerous. Can't be missed.
Pothole.
There appears to be a small sink hole near a man hole cover on  street.  is 8-12" deep. First noticed today. The asphault is puling away from  man hole cover and appears to have no support beneath.
Bad Pothole, just past Lynnhaven ln, on Lake Murray Blvd. in East lane
On previous track number 0 0 15207 3 I reported numerous potholes between Penasquos drive and Madrigal Street along Del Diablo way. Crew came out and addressed maybe half. I am attaching pictures  some   still outstanding potholes and be aware that I counted over 11 more that I didn't take pictures ! These potholes were existing at  time your crew came.  doesn't benef fixing some if we still have to navigate over 15 ors. I shouldn't have to send pictures  every single pothole!  You will notice one picture shows a recently, whin  last two and a half weeks ,filled pothole wh a pothole right next to 
About 4 weeks ago your crew came and filled  monstrous pothole.  Sending a picture showing s already back.  is  shoddy workmanship, ineffective materials, please call me 8587752313.
Multiple large and deep potholes on Carroll Road between Carroll Way and Camino Santa Fe.


POTHOLE AT NORTHWEST CORNER.
EB lane
Pothole in west bound right lane  Clairemont  Mesa Blvd.In front  Krispy Kreme shop.
The whole intersection is full  huge potholes. Really need to be filled. No one has filled, I feel like I am driving f road. 's a pretty big and busy intersection and do not know why  has not been repaired.  is in Point Loma and is  intersection  Sports Arena Blvd and Rosecrans.
Two really bad potholes
Pot hole between bridge and pavement
Left turn lane
Very large pothole middle   lane.
Multiple potholes along Greyling Drive in both directions.
Multiple potholes along southbound Greyling Drive.
Multiple potholes along southbound Greyling Drive.
Multiple potholes along southbound Greyling Ave.
This is one   busiest intersections in  cy. Numerous large potholes. Motorist trying to avoid m are veering into on coming traffic. Homeless panhandling are at risk  being h. This whole area north and south is a problem. Someone will be injured or killed if somethin is not done ASAP.
Three deep potholes in  same intersection, eastbound lanes.
southbound lane huge deep hole
Westbound lane, holes everywhere
Huge pothole westbound  Poway Rd just west  Sabre Springs Pkwy @ center lane.
BAD POTHOLES ON WHOLE ALLEY
Large pothole near  lim line at  NW corner  Dwight and 32nd.
Large diameter pothole S/B lanes
Pot hole in left lane heading west.
Pothole as you drive downhill on Nautilus at Aranda.
Huge pothole!!  Southwest (uphill) bound  lane.
Pothole southbound right lane
Pothole southbound lane, right lane. There are a few along same stretch
Big pothole right lane southbound
Two big potholes southbound right lane
Portobelo Court north  Portobelo Drive. The whole street has been in need  repair for years. This was previously reported in 2015.  Cy workers came and marked  street but no work has been done.
Pothole in middle   intersection  Balboa and Shopping Center Driveway
Huge potholes at edge  gutter on street, i previously reported  and  report says closed but no action was taken! The hole is bigger now and harder to avoid. Whats  purpose   sd app if you refuse to complete  work out taxes are supposed to pay for.
Several potholes oppose  banks at  corner  60th St and El Cajon Blvd
 least 3 new potholes from last rain
Nearly  entire alley between Mead to Monroe, west  30th St. is riddled wh potholes.
Pothole and rugged street
Deep pothole on fraze side near auto mart gas station entrance.
3 potholes in succession in front  Observatory, south side  street.
2 Very deep sinkholes
Deep pothole in middle  street, east side close to Carl's Jr.
Pothole in westbound left lane  Coronado wh cross  Green Bay.
Pothole in eastbound left lane  Coronado at Greenbay Dr.
pothole going north on right side  rd.
West bound left lane, large (12x12 maybe) section  asphalt missing - 2 car lengths east   stoplight.
large pothole
Going down  hill, bad pot hole!
Both sides need repair
Approx: 1 1/2 foot diameter and 5to 6inches deep and getting bigger day by day.
Poway Road & Sabre Springs PkwyRiddled wh potholes particulary on  way from  ramps to  15.  Awful for car tires and alignment.  Many potholes!!!
In  alley between 1610 Santa Barbara and 4411 Coronado Ave, Point Loma Heights, 92107 a concrete patch, sewer replacement, is sinking. The concrete section is approximately 2 feet wide and 10 feet long and  has sunk ~10" at  worst section. People have tripped in  hole and  course vehicles, garbage trucks included, could be damaged if y fall into  crevice. I live at 4421 Coronado Avenue and can be reached if needed 619 223-1477Randy L. Smh
The roads need to be repaved from Carmel Mountain Rd past various strip malls like Oggy's past parks and 7-11 store and gas stations! Roads are extremely dangerous not only for tires and car alignment but for cars swerving to avoid potholes!!!!!!
A few potholes on East Washington St (600 block) at Eagle St. by Fiori's Liquor store.
Deep potholes in  fast lane.  Hard to see when raining.  H one very hard on 27 Feb 2017 and am having my wheels checked out tomorrow.
Sporadic large potholes in traffic lanes on  Camino Del Norte ( eastbound and westbound) between Paseo Montanoso and  Rt 15 overpass
Large pothole in slow lane on Camino Del Norte eastbound at  crest   road incline between  RT 15 overpass and Carmel Mtn.  road traffic light
Entire block is full on potholes
Sporadic potholes on Rancho Carmel Drive (southbound and northbound) worse going southbound, between Carmel Mtn. Rd and Carmel Mtn. Rd loop
Large deep pot hole going north on warning. Right after  light at Adobe Falls
Large pothole in left lane  Bernardo Center Drive southbound approximately 20 feet from intersection wh Rancho Bernardo Rd.
Potholes
Potholes, loose asphalt from Verley to Diane on Chateau Drive San Diego, CA 92117
Pothole
Large pothole in right westbound lane  Camino del Norte just east  Bernardo Center Dr.
one  many large potholes on  block
multiple potholes in  area
PER CUSTOMER MULTIPLE POTHOLES IN WEST BOUND LANE.
Huge
Potholes in alley way.
LARGE POTHOLE
Large pothole in  westbound number two lane on Balboa Avenue between Clairemont Drive and Gennessee, around  area   trail entrance.  's very dangerous for vehicles to drive over, as  could cause loss  vehicle control if  tire blows out.  The pothole is large and deep.
Many large potholes in  number two lane  northbound Morena Boulevard, very dangerous for cars to drive over.
PER SD HARBOR PD. LARGE HAZARDOUS POTHOLE NEAR INTERSECTION ON N HARBOR DR.
There is a large pothole in  east crosswalk at  intersection  Gold Coast Drive and Camino Ruiz.
There are several potholes at  intersection  Gold Coast Drive and Thanksgiving lane.
Pothole.
PER CUSTOMER THE INTERSECTION IS FULL OF MULTIPLE POTHOLES.
There are several potholes at  intersection  Gold Coast Drive and Brookhurst Street.
Just north  3900 going south re are three massive pot holes you can't see in  dark. They are going to cause car damage
Intersection. Degraded and has potholes
Pothole
Several potholes at  intersection  Gold Coast Drive and Baywood Lane.
Middle lane  southbound Rosecrans, intersection  Sports Arena
Pothole
Pothole
Several potholes at  intersection  Gold Coast Drive and Londonberry Avenue.
Several potholes at  intersection  Gold Coast Drive and Greenford Drive.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Several potholes at  intersection  Gold Coast Drive and Westonhill Drive.
Pothole
Pothole
Several potholes at  intersection  Gold Coast Drive and Gold Coast Way.
Several potholes at  intersection  Gold Coast Drive and Gold Coast Court.
PLEASE FILL IN A POT HOLE APPROXIMATELY 3FT BY 1FT WITHIN THE NUMBER TWO LANE OF NORTH BOUND EAST HARBOR DRIVE APPROXIMATELY 100 FEET SOUTH IF THE INTERSECTION OF 5TH AVE AND EAST HARBOR DRIVE.REQUEST IS FROM SAN DIEGO HARBOR POLICE
PER SDPD THERE IS A 12" & 8" DEEP POTHOLE.
Numerous potholes. Cars are swerving into  or lane to avoid.
Pothole in both directions in  9600 block  Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Potholes in  westbound lanes in  9400 block  Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Potholes on  south side   intersection  Complex Dr and Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Pothole in  westbound #2 lane in  500 block  Washington St.
Pothole in  southbound #2 lane at 1790 West Washington St.
Potholes in  northbound lanes in  1800 and 1900 blocks  West Washington St.
The college ex f  8 east freeway is very bad. There are potholes going on north college avenue to Del Cerro Blvd and along Del Cerro Blvd East.
Yet again,  entire short strip that is Yama street is ltered wh DEEP potholes. These are a danger to try and swere to avoid when trying to get to  i5 onramp. Please fill m in.
Pothole in  middle   intersection  Carmel Mountain Road and Trotter Dr in Carmel Valley 92130
Pothole is huge (about 16 in x 20 in) and deep and on  left side   land just east   intersection
There is a pothole near townsgate and Carmel country rd that should be fixed asap please
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE ON CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD ROUGHLY 100' PAST THE INTERSECTION. WEST BOUND.
Very large hole, causing wheel and tire damage.
Very heavily travelled entrance  56 east on el Camino real has had  pot hole for long time.
There are an enormous amount  potholes right here. I drive over m every day on my way to work at  County building. Please help wh  problem. Thank you for all your hard work on our roads.
POTHOLE
Multiple huge potholes
Huge hole for  last two weeks at least.Left turn lane 7800 Clairemont Mesa Blvd turning onto Convoy St heading North toward cy dump.
Street is worse than most streets in Chicago. Can you do anything?????
I would like to draw your attention to a severe pothole on  northwest corner  Park and Universy. I know that  current plan is to repave  entire area when  water project is done, but I believe that a temporary repair should be made as soon as possible. This pothole is about  3x2 feet in size and at least 6-8 inches deep, and ?s in  middle   traffic lane. I have seen drives lose control  ir cars briefly after hting  hazard.Anything you can do to speed alone  process would be most appreciated.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE AT THE INTERESECTION.
Pot holes in  street. In  southbound lanes. Several from park ridge to college. All on Navajo Blvd.
In  westbound lanes just east   intersection. Thank you
I put in a claim on behalf  Peter Middleton to  cy  San Diego on 1/7/17. For a pot hole incident on Via De La Valle just under  overpass  interstate 5 that caused a tire blowout. The cy responded that y do not own or operate in  area   incident.
#2  asphalt pot hole  Pacific Beach Dr Westbound  southbound just prior to Cass
There are 36 potholes on northbound El Camino Real between Del Mar Heights Road and Half Mile Drive.There are 5 potholes on southbound El Camino Real between Del Mar Heights Road and Half Mile Drive. Between those two streets,  pavement  El Camino
There are 36 potholes on northbound El Camino Real between Del Mar Heights Road and Half Mile Drive.There are 5 potholes on southbound El Camino Real between Del Mar Heights Road and Half Mile Drive. Between those two streets,  pavement  El Camino
Deep potholes
Pothole on westbound Mira Mesa by Black Mountain Road
> Hello - thanks to  engineering department for filling potholes and resurfacing  SAN DIEGUITO  Road. > Surprisingly, one short stretch  about 20 feet was  n o t  repaired: San Dieguo Road between Old Camino Real and  traffic light at Camino Real. Why? Makes no sense. > Still potholes and un-resurfaced, a job not completed and a dangerous transion. Please do take care   asap. Thank you.
My name is Julie Schaefer and I live at 6735 Moahwk St San Diego 92115. On  street in front  my home is a pretty bad pot hole that if possible, myself and  neighbors would like filled.  Not sure if  is  venue who handles se requests but hoping  is.
I h a pot hole on 1/29 at on Milton Street right before  intersects wh Burgener Blvd in front  St. David's Episcopal Church in Bay Park.   was a very large deep pot hole and  broke  plastic undercarriage underneath my car.  What is  protocol for getting my car repaired?  Does  cy refer damages to roads to a specific repair shop?  I just want to get  fixed. I h a pot hole on 1/29 at on Milton Street right before  intersects wh Burgener Blvd in front  St. David's Episcopal Church in Bay Park.   was a very large deep pot hole and  broke  plastic undercarriage underneath my car.  What is  protocol for getting my car repaired?  Does  cy refer damages to roads to a specific repair shop?  I just want to get  fixed. I h a pot hole on 1/29 at on Milton Street right before  intersects wh Burgener Blvd in front  St. David's Episcopal Church in Bay Park.   was a very large deep pot hole and  broke  plastic undercarriage underneath my car
asphalt chuckhole Eastbound Grand - East  Olney 92109
asphalt chuckholes South bound Genesee east lane just b4 Bannock 92117
N/B EUCLID AT CROSSWALK
"all  4480 block  asphalt Haines St, San Diego, CA 92109"to many potholes to count throughout  whole block - west lane ( SouthBound lane )
Two large potholes in  middle   intersection  El Camino Real and Carmel Valley Rd
I would like to report many pot holes currently present on Poway Road, San Diego between Ilona St. and I-15.  Though pot hole repairs were made last month, many new pot holes appeared after our most recent rains.
Major pot hole exing onto 10th Ave from  5S freeway. Car bottomed out.
I h a pothole  or night while  was raining.  was by Tecolote Canyon heading west on Balboa. Google calls  location 4394-4474 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92117.  damaged my wheel and I had to purchase a new set and re may be axel damage that needs to be fixed.
Several potholes and uneven road at a very busy intersection.
Pothole at intersection  carmel mountain rd and Amberglades Ln.   This is a heavy school traffic crossing intersection. Do not want cars to swerve around pothole and h kids.
Going north potholes on  left lane
Large pothole (actually multiple potholes connected) in  middle   intersection.  Cars are swerving to avoid .  Very unsafe.
Entire intersection full  potholes
DOZENS OF POTHOLES GOING EASTBOUND ON MONTEZUMA RD. WHEN WILL THE CITY FIX? There are dozens  reports about  and nothing gets fixed
Several deep potholes on southbound Genesee Ave. between Mt. Alifan and Genesee Ct. E.  Exposed wires in  holes.
Pothole
Pothole
Huge pothole as you turn on to Linda Vista Rd from Mesa College Dr.
Dangerous pothole  is in  left lane, after  Via Capri merge, and right before where  new paving that was just done a few months ago begins.  has gotten bigger due to  recent storms.  is slowing traffic and can potentially cause vehicle damage.
HUGE craters in  ltle road leading to  5 onramp. My car has been damaged by se deep potholes
POTHOLES
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Still NOT fixed now much deeper.
There is a huge pothole causing problems for vehicles.
Large subsided depression/sag/pothole.
Pothole
hole is near  crosswalk line, westbound
6 FT DEPRESSION (POSS SINKHOLE)
Large pothole.
Robinson Avenue from  163 to park ave is full  depressions created by recent construction
Noticeable depression in roadway. No traffic cones at location but ***possible sinkhole forming***
Eastbound Montezuma between Fairmont and Collwood.Approximately 10 potholes to dodge... getting bigger wh  rains.

Asphalt in  center   street has sunk significantly in  last several days
Second request. 2 potholes

Urgent..car damaging gaping holes in right lane heading south on Genessee, and Genessee Court is  closest cross street.  is 2.5 feet wide, about a foot deep and 2 feet long. There's anor hole forming beside . Thanks

Multiple deep potholes fissures on  short street,which is  only way in or out for 300 condo and aprtment uns.
Pot hole by  speed  bump  and by 18115  tire damaging
Pothole, West bound Ingraham in intersection
E/'B BOTH SIDES OF THE ROAD, POTHOILES!
POTHOLES
Pothole
POTHOLE IN ACROSS NURSERY ENTRANCE
POTHOLE
There are potholes all around  railroad tracks which are dangerous for motorcycles and suspension  vehicles.
Multiple large and deep potholes on eastbound 28th street before traffic light but after railroad tracks. Dangerous for motorcycles and bad for vehicle suspension.
POTHOLE AFTER POTHOLE.  THIS STREET HAS NOT BEEN PAVED IN YEARS WHILE ALL THE ONES AROUND HAVE BEEN.  HOW CAN YOUR WORKERS JUST STOP AND NOT FIISH THE JOB,
PER CUSTOMER AT THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION IN NORTH BOUND LANE.
Pot hole at Mt. Hope Cemetery. Down Norman's Way.
DEEP POT HOLE.
Multiple large potholes on both directions on Poway Road: between Oak Knoll Road and Interstate 15.  Very unsafe!
Pot hole in Mt. Hope Cemetery down Pauly Drive.
Gravilla Ave inside Mt. Hope Cemetery.
Spruce Drive inside Mt. Hope Cemetery.
There were multiple potholes that were just repaired at  intersection  Voltaire and Sunset Cliffs.  However, y have fallen apart again.  Please refill m again as soon as possible. Thank you.
Both entrances to our plaza have large/deep potholes that extend across  driveway. We had two patients damage ir cars on one so badly that y had to have m towed. This is something that we experience on a daily basis and  is only getting worse, one  m is over 5" deep at  point.
Very bad road condion here. Heavy traffic area.
patch over pothole
repair pothole

PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE WEST BOUND LANE.
Bridge over freeway... ex  College framp (were heading east on 8) and turn left
POTHOLES, WHOLE STREET ON CALLE MOJORCA BETWEEEN HARTLEY & BUCKINGHAM!
Mud dirt and debris all over road way from flooding a week ago.
There are many potholes heading both up and down Bacon St. Please have m filled as soon as possible.
Pepper grove playground parking lot
Entire road No  Quince (Balboa Park) has many potholes.
Entire parking lot near Aerospace & Automotive museums needs re paving!!  's a disgrace!
The entire block  Marbury needs to be repaved.   was scheduled to be repaved 2 years ago & never was!!!!!
Pothole in  left turn lane
Intersection at sports arena and rosecrans is an unmigated disaster. Need a pothole crew to respond tonight to repair. Immediately. (Series  8-15 potholes in middle  intersection)
On Kamloop at Geddes
@ 3301 Kamloop
@ 3301 Kamloop
Genesee Ave west  Hwy 163, is in serious need  pothole repair; both west-bound and east-bound lanes. In fact, much   road from 163 all  way to Balboa ave is horrible.
Holes in free right turn lane at Sports arena and West Point Loma boulevard
Massive cracking and splting  street between shafter and anchorage
Big pothole
Multiple pot holes on  street
Splting  street. Needs attention asap.
LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF MUIRLANDS MIDDLE SCHOOL
pothole
Pothole
Pothole at  intersection from  south bound f ramp  I-5 to east bound Seaworld  Dr. Near  stop when turning left toward TECOLOTE rd.
POTHOLE
Big pothole
MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON THE STEET.
Multiple potholes are  intersection  Cactus Rd and Siempre Viva Rd.
Deep pothole
Big big hole on corner  Mt.Alifan and Genesee across from Horizon school
Concrete has collapsed
Lifting pot hole plate

There is a pothole that our property management/landlord have been trying to get fixed for years (2012).  Our patrons are complaining that ir vehicles are getting damaged from  forming pothole when driving into  parking lot.  Is re any way we can get  addressed asap?  The picture that I am uploading does not do  pothole justice.
The road hasn't been sealed in years and a monster pothole formed right in  middle   road.  Please fill in  pothole.  You should have plenty  money since your not spending $300 Million on a new stadium..

Pot hole northbound  Vista Sorrento Parkway  vehicle damage
Two Massive potholes near center divide
STREET SUNKEN, PER SEWER DEPT CREW 738

Pothole in middle   street
A lot  pot holes on Mango/Del Mar Heights
Pot hole .
Large pothole NE corner  North Park Way and Bancrt.

Massive hole at speed bump
After  last rain, a pot hole has formed on  corner  Lynnhaven and Lake Murray Blvd. 92119.  This is around 8737 Lk Murray Blvd.  We live in condo's, so I can't put an exact address.  Go to Lynnhaven and Lk. Murray and you can't miss .

Pothole
Multiple potholes along Poblado Road in between Capilla Road and West Bernardo Drive.
Huge pothole growing fast.
Large dangerous pothole on Carmel country road near intersection  townsgate.
Eastbound from Doliva to Convoy. All lanes have numerous potholes or crack lines at least 2 inches wide.
Westbound from Convoy to Doliva. All lanes have numerous potholes or crack lines at least 2 inches wide.
Northbound
Northbound
There's huge potholes up and down  street. Please 's needs seriously repavement. 's affecting my car.
There's huge potholes up and down  street. Please 's needs seriously repavement. 's affecting my car.
There's huge potholes up and down  street. Please 's needs seriously repavement. 's affecting my car.
There's huge potholes up and down  street. Please 's needs seriously repavement. 's affecting my car.
Northbound
Southbound
Northbound
Middle lane eastbound. Large pothole
There's huge potholes up and down  street. Please 's needs seriously repavement. 's affecting my car.
There are numerous potholes on Poblado Road from West Bernardo to Capilla. This suation is damaging to our tires as well as a safety concern. Getting worse following rains.
Big sink hole North bound left lane
pothole in left lane going west on Coronado Ave
SEVERAL POTHOLES
Pothole in front  elementary school
Terrible holes in both parking lots for  park especially  one furst west.
Huge pothole
Potholes
Large deep pothole
Asphalt condions on Poblado between West Bernardo and Matinal. The street is disintegrating quickly wh  most recent rains -  Potholes all along  street multiple locations.
There are multiple potholes on Balboa heading west before Clairemont Dr. Not to mention that re potholes on Clairemont Dr before Clairemont Mesa. I have never seen potholes  big in my life. Ever. I am a Las Vegas transplant and I am just shocked to see  sizes  se potholes.

Huge pothole
Very big and deep pothole in front   Goodwill Donation Center at 9949 Vista Sorrento Pkwy San Diego, CA 92121
Huge deep pothole!!! This needs to get fixed before someone gets badly injured
Very deep pothole on Nautilus on North side  road going West close to Middle school.
There are a lot  pot holes in  number 1 lane on Westbound La Jolla parkway between  freeway and Hidden Valley road.  There are probably 5  m.
Many potholes middle lane
On 1st and cedar ave ramp.
Two potholes in intersection.
dear-sirs ...again as can be seen in  picture  contractor ...ppmcontracting@att.nethttp://www.statsinfiny.com/domain/xafgwshwmbzmw3ugbgt4ua.._info.htmladministrative contact:taylor, greg email  ppmcontracting@att.net1150 harborview lncarlsbad, california 92008(760) 822-8286(760) 754 2848... did leave on  public-street steel-plates wh sharp-edges whout sufficient asphalt-smoothing on monday 3/6/2017 at 5-pm at  sourn-end   no-outlet ?bear-drive san-diego ca-92103? ? ...  event could-prevent or-damage resident-traffic, emergency-vehicles, postal-vans, garbage-trucks, taxi-cabs, and commercial-deliveries at  cul-de-sac ?bear-drive san-diego ca-92103? ...thank-you for your-attention to -matter ?***************canyon-diggings in mission-hills san-diego ca-92103dear sirs ? sourn-part   lot 451-400-04 at address ?3520 dove-court san-diego ca-92103? was being developed under cy--san-diego project # pts 18262, but n expired uncompleted ?now -- as  photo 2/20/2017 shows -- fresh diggings are ongoing on  construction-se accessible from  sourn-end   no-outlet ?bear-drive san-diego ca-92103? still unfenced wh open-trenches presenting visible-signs  deep-erosion   steep-slopes ?thank-you for your-attention to -matter ?
Pot hole has been here for a long time but never been patched up
I just h a big pothole. I am sending you a bill if I have more damage to my right tire. I'm sick   negligence on your part.
Various potholes
Potholes under  15
Deep pothole
Between Bernardo center and Florindo Rd, Pablado road is crumbling

On Saturday, January 21, 2017 at approx 2pm we h a massive pot hole going North on Carmel Country Road.  We immediately got a flat tire.  The tire was not repairable as  was blown out and we had to purchase a new tire.  There was damage done to  rim as well.
POTHOLE RIGHT BEFORE SPEED BUMP ON ST. IF CAR GOES INTO THE POTHOLE, THE CAR HITS THE SPEED BUMP. CAUSED DAMAGE TO AN OIL PAN.
Very deep pot hole approximately 20-30 feet west from  Jewell Street and Fortuna Avenue intersection.  Pot hole is in  west bound lane.  Approximately 8" deep and 12-14" wide.
Not sure if pothole, looks more like a sinkhole. In middle  street  street has caved in s very scary looking. Someone should be out ASAP...
Along Gilman Dr headed south, re are multiple pot holes that near or in  bike lane. These holes cannot be seen during  night as re are no street lights nearby. Furr down Gilman, south  Villa La Jolla re are mud and dirt that are in  bike lane due to erosion.
There are several deep potholes in  intersection.
HAZ POTHOLE THAT IS THE SIZE OF A HOT TUB PER POLICE DEPT IN THE #2 LANE
Pothole as vehicle goes over  speed bump
Several potholes in  general area
There is a large pothole at  intersection  Camino Del Norte and Paseo Montanoso.
On  Eastern end   alley, in  steepest part right before  intersects wh  alley parallel to Catalina, re are 2 areas where  concrete is completely destroyed which make navigating  alley very dangerous for those  us that have to each day when coming and going from our homes. Each hole is over 3 feet wide and one over 4 inches deep.
Pothole in left lane right next to curb
Large pothole in east bound Carmel creek road in intersection on  way to  on ramp for  56east
Rough surface wh potholes in  southbound lanes  Park south  Universy.
49th street from   alley  to Elm st
Big pothole on Universy Ave heading East (south lane).    I believe  is between 10th and Vermont, but possibly between Vermont and Richmond...   serious pothole that nearly punctured my tire.
Very large wide pothole. South side in front  Stadium Car Wash.
Per sewer un 739 sinkhole at location needs repair has barricade and cones. can hold for AM
After  heavy rains , multiple potholes but an especially large one on  street going towards  ocean away from UCSD and  I-5 .  ruined: slashed and ripped or parts  my tire that I had to replace .
Massive Pothole/valley
HUGE pothole on Olney before  light on Grand from  recent rain...  giant pothole bottomed out my car tonight. Needs to be fixed asap.
Pothole in intersection (Illinois St & El Cajon, San Diego 92104)
Deep pothole on eastbound Ted Williams Parkway has been re for weeks. Furr east than  one that has been fixed.
Turning east onto Del mar trails from Carmel Creek, 1 pot hole by stop sign, n traffic approaching ( 30 feet before)  Carmel Creek stop sign, driving on Del mar trails, tree roots have uprooted  blacktop about 30 feet on Del Mar trails west bound lane.
PER CUST HAZARDOUS POTHOLE THAT CAUSED DAMAGE TO HIS TIRE
pot holes all along gold coast
pot holes on mira mesa blvd
While driving westbound on Washington Street were 2 Potholes that will cause damages to eir your tire or your rim(s). These majorly deep sized potholes are located on Washington Street heading West just before Fifth Ave. (approx. 25  feet before approaching  intersection  Fifth Ave. and Washington) I am reporting  pothole since  caused great damages to not only one  my rims but 3  m and now I have called Public Works through  Non-Emergency Hotline and y have yet to do anything but send me to  San Diego Public Works to speak to a rude woman that did absolutely nothing to help me as I have 3 flat tires. I would like to file a police report to get my rims eir replaced or fixed at no Cost.
POTHOLE IN CROSSWALK
Pothole
LARGE POTHOLE ABOUT 1 FT LONG AREA, CUST SAY THE DIP IS LARGE ENOUGH TO CAUSE A HAZ TO VEHS. ON COOLIDGE ST , NORTH OF SPERRY
Please repair  transion from Dubonnet St into Afton Rd.  is full  holes and gaps. Can you please smooth out our to make  even?
Right lane   corner  San Diego Mission Rd wh Mission Village Rd. By  traffic signal. Several potholes here due to  trucks using  lane and damaging 
an abundance  potholes and seriously degraded pavement at  intersection  southbound Camino del Rio West at Sports Arena Blvd
Large pothole and several small potholes causing vehicles to eir stop or swerve into oncoming traffic to avoid
Trenches dug on both sides  College Ave done by  apartment building construction company at  lot have NOT been repaved and filed correctly. Some   asphalt has washed away. There is already a deep open trench right now on southbound  College Ave that needs to be fixed. Can  cy please investigate and force  contractor to fill  correctly? They are  ones that dug  trench for ir construction
18-24 in diameter, 2-3 inches deep
There are a few potholes in Parkdale Ave cross Gold Coast Dr.
The hole was small  is now about 6 inches deep and getting bigger
Pothole in left turn lane.
Pot Hole is in center lane, eastbound Balboa Avenue.  Exact location is Balboa Avenue and Shopping Center Driveway. Approx. 2 feet long, 1 foot wide and 3 inches deep.
There are two large potholes in  intersection
large holes in street next to driveway.
Big pothole, blew out from tire in slow lane.
pothole  across  address
Street is showing signs  subsidence, appears that fines are entering  sewer line resulting in  subsidence   street. See  images attached.
Potholes in center lane...unavoidable.
potholes s/b left lane
westbound  2 lanes
Pothole intersection crossing g street
Series  potholes
Pothole
Not a pothole;  is a trench (several inches wide) that was cut in  far right lane on north side  El Cajon Blvd approximately 1/2 block long (50th westbound to Winona) and through  intersection.   is deep and a hazard for all drivers.  Don't know who cut and dug  trench, but is  not properly filled and is deep following  rains, and needs to be repaired immediately.
4220-38 Balboa Ave
Approx. 3 feet long by 1 foot wide by 6 inches deep
Right at  intersection  Liberator way on  right most lane when driving towards  Terminals on  N Harbor Drive
Large potholes
Potholes on  center lanes when driving towards  Terminals on  N Harbor Drive
Multiple potholes on  right most lane  as well as left lane in that section when driving towards  Terminals on  N Harbor Drive
Multiple potholes that have been reported over a month ago yet to be addressed.
Multiple potholes
Entire mile stretch going West has potholes.
Large potholes
Potholes  on  left most lanes for 100-200 yards.
Potholes
Potholes  on  center lane section spanning a mile.
Pothole
Potholes
Medium sized pothole on Russ Blvd at  address mentioned.  In front   garage entrance/ex.  This is generating an unsafe condion for  motorcycles and low ground clearance vehicles that park in  garage at  address.
Multiple pothole at  intersection  Mira Mesa blvd and Camino Ruiz.
Large pothole SE corner northbound on Qualcomm way.
Northbound right lane deep hole where asphalt meets concrete. Near fire hydrant. 2nd report in month, not fixex.
Upas St. from Morley Field Drive to 30th St. has been under construction due to a broken pipe for more than 2 months. There are massive potholes (which are damaging my car) and numerous steel plates in  road. Some day people are working, ten not. Sometimes we have to take a big detour and or times not - but we never know. I drive a small Smart car because I care about  environment, BUT s small wheels make  potholes worse for me than for most people. A few unimportant blocks were given new asphalt a few weeks ago BUT  lines have not yet been marked. And I won't even mention  disaster that is MY street - 33rd St. from Myrtle to Landis. WHAT is  problem? I have to use Upas and 33rd almost daily - as do many ors.
Huge potholes cars avoiding m
SINKOHOLE FORMING NORTHBOUND EL CAMINO REAL IN THE #1 AND #2 LANES.
Pothole on Nautilus St. in front  West Parking lot entrance to school. Aprrox. 1-2 feet deep and rar large approx. 2'x2' Causing cars to swerve and wh students in  area s very dangerous.
Chateau Drive between Mt. Abernathy Avenue and Genesee Avenue is disastrous. I have to use  route ten to get my home and I know for a fact  is damaging my car and ors. Please fix  street.
Severe pot hole in college Ave northbound number 1 lane between Alvarado and bridge over I 8
Multiple potholes in  right lane heading south  Balboa on Genesse near Genesee Court.

ON INGRAHAM BETWEEN GARNET & BERYL, SEVERAL POTHOLES!

Potholes in left lane
Potholes right lane
Potholes left lane
dear-sirs ...as can be seen in  picture  contractor ...ppmcontracting@att.nethttp://www.statsinfiny.com/domain/xafgwshwmbzmw3ugbgt4ua.._info.htmladministrative contact:taylor, greg email  ppmcontracting@att.net1150 harborview lncarlsbad, california 92008(760) 822-8286(760) 754 2848... is digging an open-trench deep-dch on  public-street whout fencing-f  coning-aware  hole on tuesday 3/7/2017 at 10-am at  sourn-end   no-outlet ?bear-drive san-diego ca-92103? ? ...  event could-prevent or-damage resident-traffic, emergency-vehicles, postal-vans, garbage-trucks, taxi-cabs, and commercial-deliveries at  cul-de-sac ?bear-drive san-diego ca-92103? ...thank-you for your-attention to -matter ?-------- Beginning  forwarded message --------canyon-diggings in mission-hills san-diego ca-92103dear sirs ? sourn-part   lot 451-400-04 at address ?3520 dove-court san-diego ca-92103? was being developed under cy--san-diego project # pts 18262, but n expired uncompleted ?now -- as  photo 2/20/2017 shows -- fresh diggings are ongoing on  construction-se accessible from  sourn-end   no-outlet ?bear-drive san-diego ca-92103? still unfenced wh open-trenches presenting visible-signs  deep-erosion   steep-slopes ?thank-you for your-attention to -matter ?
SEVERAL POTHOLES ON CONVOY, BOTH SIDES OF ROAD
POTHOLES,ON MONTEZUMA BETWEEN GARY & LADORNA
OLD PATCH SINKING
Potholes that were filled did not do sufficient job on Poway Rd from Sabre Springs Pkway to  15 Freeway
Damaged and rough, bumpy areas where roadway is damaged.  Southbound lane and middle  street across from 5217 Cardeno Drive, San Diego, 92109
Insane pothole and side  road is degraded
New pothole opened up in front  house & cars are throwing asphalt up onto sidewalk/driveways as y drive by. Thanks.
Huge pothole in  middle lane  Genesee going northbound.




Enormous deep pothole shocked me so much I can't remember if  was Midway at Rosecrans or sports arena at Rosecrans. I was traveling south towards Liberty Station in Point Loma. Middle lane. 's huge- Please help.







POTHOLES ON EAST SIDE
large pothole northbound lane
Many large potholes in intersection  Rosecrans and Sports Arena Blvd which makes going through  intersection dangerous, cars h m and slam on brakes, or bounce to next lane or swerve to avoid m.
Streets in  area are in very poor condion.
Before 5th ave, going west
Pothole at Sea Ridge and Chelsea
There is a large sink hole forming from  recent underground water pipe repairs,  convention Center has a lot  activy starting on March 14, 2017. Wh  number  busses expected to drive on  depression, we recommend repairs be completed right away.
Numerous potholes near  north end  northbound Princess View Drive between Laura St. and Mission Gorge Road in  left lane.
3 foot by 5 foot pothole in  number two lane  East Bound 10300 Friars Road
Giant pothole on  south bound side.
Large, deep, dangerous porthole.
pothole right lane
Huge pot hole
Deep pothole in middle  32nd st., just north  Dwight.
Shallow pothole in middle  32nd st, just north  Thorn.
getting worse @ shopping center dwy
Pothole near railroad tracks
Last year  cy repaired  street here wh an asphalt patch. See photo below from 11/29/16. The street is already torn up again possibly even worse than  time before. There is a huge pothole in  middle   street and cracking all around. South   larger pothole re is anor forming that is getting deep.
LARGE POTHOLE AT BANNOCK AND GENESEE
POTHOLE/ DEPRESSION IN STREET FORMING INFRONT OF ADDRESS
northwest corner  Park Blvd and Universy AveI would like to draw your attention to a severe pothole on  northwest corner  Park and Universy. I know that  current plan is to repave  entire area when  water project is done, but I believe that a temporary repair should be made as soon as possible. This pothole is about  3x2 feet in size and at least 6-8 inches deep, and ?s in  middle   traffic lane. I have seen drives lose control  ir cars briefly after hting  hazard.Anything you can do to speed alone  process would be most appreciated.
LARGE POTHOLE, DAMAGED TIRE!
Many, Many potholes as big as 2 feet long and 1 feet wide. Westbound Camino del Norte between I-15 and Camino San Bernardo.  I think re are a few more past Camino San Bernardo as well after  smooth pavement.
Giant pothole Northbound left lane just before  left turn lane onto Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
SEVERAL DEEP POTHOLES. RESURFACE STREET
Large pothole going west
MULTIPLE DEEP POTHOLES
Pothole
Extreme amount  potholes
two large and wide potholes need to be patched asap. right at  turn  pinecone ln and stonepine ln


New Pothole -  block was resurfaced less than 6 months ago!!! What's wrong wh  paving process?
Large pothole westbound lane.
Large pothole eastbound lane.
Deep pothole
Huge pothole
Deep pothole in front  9008 Hillery Dr. that is effecting turning right onto Marbury Ave.
Pot hole on norast and northwest side  street.
Ted Williams just as you come f  15 overpass  tire damaging pot hole.
In street on east side.
Pothole in street by tracks
Pot holes
On mission ctr road, just south  mission ctr CT. Pothole before getting in turn lane. West  Del taco in mission ctr rd
MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON MANGO DR BETWEEN DEL MAR HEIGHTS RD AND LOZANO
Large pothole center  right hand lane just before 8 West on ramp
Some   worst potholes I've seen. Huge and extremely deep.
Pothole reopened, going east.
Two to three foot-long pothole on southbound Waring Road before ex to Hwy 8 East.
Pothole seems to have reopened after last rains, going east.
Pothole here
Pothole seems to have reopened after last rains, going east.
Pothole seems to have reopened after last rains, going east.
westbound Friars where 's down to single lane due to construction, just east  Pacific Highway.
Pothole left lane
Pothole seems to have reopened after last rains, going east.
Pothole
Pothole seems to have reopened after last rains, going west.
Pothole seems to have reopened after last rains, going west.
southbound Linda Vista Road, left through traffic lane, just before  stop line.Also 2-3 just past  light, south  Ulrich.
Urgent, re's a deep hole and a big chunk  asphalt sting in one   lanes causing cars to swerve last minute to avoid . The general condion  Camino Del Norte from I-15 heading west towards Camino San Bernardo is extremely poor and considering  is a major road, you should seriously give  high priory to resurface before re's a huge accident as people are having to change or go outside ir lane lines to avoid all  holes in  road. This is not a third world country, fix  please.
Pothole seems to have reopened after last rains, going west.
Pothole just north   sourn median between north and south Genesee.Most noticeable if turning left out  Genesee Plaza Shopping Center on to Genesee south.Also some small potholes furr south  that intersection, south side  Genesee, just past Mt. Etna Drive on  way to Balboa.
Parking lot line is all faded and several big potholes.  Sidewalks are uneven.  We have lots  older patrons who have difficulty walking on  sidewalks.  's a lawsu waing to happen.
Hello .  Please advise who or what to contact to report pothole damage to my vehicle.  The alignment is now way f and  car is pulling and causing problems wh steering.   The pothole is at  intersection  Balboa and Clairemont drive and was just filled.  The repair shop is advising me to report  to be compensated for  repair and or alignment to my vehicle from  pothole damage.
Approximately 3 weeks ago,  cy had to dig up a part  Reservoir Dr.to replace a leaking water pipe. Now,  repaired area is sinking (1st photo).Also, approx. 50 yards North, re is anor pothole (see 2nd photo).
Extremely deep(6 inches deep at least) cluster  potholes in  center   road. 4 major ones
Pavement missing around sewer drain.AKA Pothole 2 feet X 1 foot.
SEVERAL POTHOLES N/B ON CONVOY!
5FT WIDE POTHOLE E/B ON BALBOA RIGHT BEFORE YOU HIT THE INTERSECTION. CARS SWERVING TO AVOID POTHOLE
Near  intersection  Alvarado Rd. and Alvarado Ct., under  Trolley overpass re is a deep  pothole.
Pothole on Moreno Blvd at Knoxville
Large pothole in middle  street.
Potholes
W/B  POTHOLE
S/B POTHOLE
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Big pothole on  LEFT lane going South on Fairmount Ave.  is after  Camino Del Rio N intersection on  8 west freeway ramp
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Alley is nearly impassable in a car
Multiple potholes in  middle   intersection  souast-bound Sports Arena Blvd. and southwest-bound Camino del Rio West. The street address listed is approximate.  That area   intersection is VERY rough. This is a high volume intersection so  really needs to be repaired soon. This is  second request; previously reported Feb. 7, see tracking # 00146024.
POTHOLE   N/B #1 LANE
POTHOLE NORTH OF ADOBE FALLS
In left turn left from convoy heading east in Claremont Mesa
Intersection at convoy and Clairemont Mesa Boulevard is ltered wh potholes everywhere
Two large potholes eastbound Rosecrans Street, adjacent to  Burger King.
POTHOLE
Multiple large potholes on southbound 70th Street, in  right lane, between Alvarado and El Cajon Blvd. The address listed is approximate.
Very deep and dangerous pothole in left, eastbound lane in  intersection  Navajo Rd & Margerum Ave.  Definely a hazard for any car hting .
Large pothole heading northwest on clairemont just before bergener. You cannot avoid  if you are turning right! Needs repair soon!!
semi deep pot hole intersection Linda Vista Rd and Comstock St
deep pot hole intersection Mercury St & 163 Balboa f ramp ex
Deep pot hole Mercury St and 163 South on ramp entrance
Major pothole west bound Friars Rd just ease  construction area and just east  I-5 northbound. Please fix asap. Thanks
POTHOLES BETWEEN ASHFORD & LINDA VISTA BOTH DIRECTIONS
pothole on Balboa and genesee
Large pothole wh metal
Lots  pot holes south   location in  northbound lane
Balboa Arms has potholes in both direction, uneven pavement, deep cracks, missing pavement, please patch and resurface at latter date. From 5771-5799 Balboa Arms Dr, San Diego, CA 92117, USA to 5101-5203 Balboa Arms Dr, San Diego, CA 92117, USA
Medium size pothole on northbound Cardeno Dr.
See in front  my garage can't get in
32nd Street has deep cracks, missing pavement, potholes, uneven pavement in both directions north and south from 1218 S 32nd St, San Diego, CA 92113, to S 32nd St, San Diego, CA 92113.  Road needs to be repaved at a later dates,  road now needs to have  potholes and missing pavement patched.
Pothole in right lane  northbound Santo Rd just before Aero/Santo intersection.
Huge pothole southbound left lane. Nearly causes accidents
Pothole
Pothole
There are 5 potholes between Regents and Honors on Pennant. Three  m are serious.
BIG. HOLE in center  west bound lane
Long potholes along asphalt in center  highway where 163 and 15 north converg
Hole growing on east bound lane just before intersection . Horrible
BIG P/H IN WB LANES
Pothole on Hillary Dr.  Marbury Ave.
On 70th st, a pair  potholes About 500 feet before  light at El Cajon ( is headed south/towards universy ave). Potholes are in  right lane. Near where  used car dealership's property begins.
Big pothole on Hillery dr.  Greenford.
Large pothole westbound right lane in front  high school
Westbound left lane
Big pothole at Hillary dr and Camino MansoHillery Dr. Needs to be repaved.  Streets around  happen repaved but not  street. There are many cracks and potholes, big potholes have recently formed.
Large pothole westbound side  Nautilus
Medium pothole westbound side  Nautilus
Potholes in  alley between pochantas and moraga  really needs to be repaved not just patched
Pothole in street
Huge potholes on westbound on ramp!!! Whole thing should be repaved
Potholes
This huge pot hole  size  a large watermelon is about 18" long 12" wide and 9" deep.  is exactly  entry point to  shopping mall where 15 business reside inside including Rodem korean BBQ, Ichiro japanese.  My tire went flat wh a huge crunch pulling into  mall hting  POTHOLE SMACK ON.
Nasty pothole right WB lane  Claremont Mesa Blvd. Close to Krispy Cream. Can't see  "xtyiiutfg" thing at night.
There is a pothole on  10th ave ex.   is near  whe line and is hard to see on  road.  This pothole damaged my tire and I had to get  replaced.  I dont have pictures   pothole because  is in a high traffic area and wont pull over to take pictures as  is dangerous.
Pothole is in  general.
Streaks  thin potholes
potholes in intersection  budd st. & belden st.
potholes have developed along curb/gutter area
right turn lane here has a big and many small potholes that need patching
east bound on Sports Arena Blvd. right lane,  entire stretch from Midway to Rosecrans need repaving. potholes, uneven surface somehow never gets fixed and I have reported  repeatedly numerous times. I wonder why?
Large pothole on Washington at India
Pothole #1 lane just under  freeway sign and just before  new Caltrans pavement.
pothole #1 lane north/eastbound near Roseland street.
Deep pothole in right hand lane on Carmel Mountain Road (southbound).
Pot hole at cross street. Parkbrook LN and Parkbrook St.
Pothole
Pothole pothole!!!!!
Potholes in both directions on Afton Rd at  address. The entire street is full  craters here and re can you fix?
Wicked pothole in#2 lane NB Genesee Ave going uphill between I-5 and North Torrey Pines Road
H a massive pothole northbound Santo Rd fast lane just south  Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Screwed up my cars front end. Now grinds and shakes. This will kill s motorcyclist.
Across from 2219 Garfield Road re is an active leak in  street. The water is running down  asphalt and has created potholes. While re has been considerable work on  adjoining street which is Milton, nothing is being done to correct  long standing problem.
Pothole in  intersection
One large and one small, impeding traffic on residential atreet
pothole is at  crosswalk
northbound lane
Giant hole going north in left lane
This whole section under  bridge needs to be RESURFACE  is right f  Washington ex f  5 south freeway. There are tons  pot holes  is  main thoroughfare to  freeway and f  freeway.   is  under  bridge by  two gas stations on  corner again right f  Washington ex 92110

There are three locations  potholes on Torrey pines eastbound.  One is a few hundred feet west  roseland in  number 1 lane.  The next one is right before roseland in  number 1 lane.  is huge.  The third one is after Roseland.  I believe  is in  number 2 lane.  Over 50,000 cars a day drive on Torrey pines. This should be a high priory
 16th & Island out side  homeless shelter/kchen by  construction,  street has a pot hole that makes me drive at about 5 MPH to prevent my car from bottoming out. Please look into , thank you
Pothole in center lane on westbound balboa ave.
Pothole
Pothole in area from previous work.
POTHOLES ON CLAIREMONT MESA BETWEEN I-15 & I-163
Large pothole right at  framp from  163 on Mercury Street
One large pothole here and many smaller ones along TPR between La Jolla Village Drive and Genessee Ave.
Huge pot holes in  middle   intersection.
No picture due to driving. Pothole in SW corner  intersection .
Very large pothole in left lane while heading north on Santo Rd.
Cy hidden road end  my street is almost undrivable so many potholes
Pothole ex 163 south at Mercury st.
travelling W from I-5 towards N Torrey Pines Rd: center lane, half way between f ramp and Science Center Dr
travelling W from I-5 towards N Torrey Pines Rd: center lane, half way between Science Center Dr and John J Hopkins Dr
Ericson Elementary S. Driveway
POTHOLE
Huge pothole about 6" deep 18"wide and 8' long.If a motorcycle hs , y will probably go down.
I fell into a pothole as she was crossing  street and hurt myself, My or concerns is that on  west corner   intersection re's a senior disable housing at  location  30th Street and El Cajon Blvd, South side pothole.
I drive throught  main street everyday and i just had severe car problemds due to  hugh pote hole i when over, s about 2 1/2 feet wide and 1 foot deep.
 is my 3 request in  past year and nothing has been done, street is falling apart and pot holes are getting much bigger, i have car damage and now will be seeking lost  4 recovery wh  risk managment. plaese fix  street
Numerous potholes along camino del Rio north from Qualcomm way to fice Park at 3131.
The pothole is in  northbound lane  Vista Sorrento Pkwy just north   mira Sorrento Place intersection.
POTHOLE GETTING BIGGER
This morning while exing  10th Avenue f ramp from  5 freeway, I h a pothole on  right hand side   road and immediately blew a tire ( is before  curve to turn f). There are a LOT  potholes in and near 10th Ave. I had to purchase a new tire and would like to get reimbursed for  cost. I don't have a picture   pothole because I cannot safely pull over on  f ramp to take . But, I do have a picture  my flat tire which I had to replace. Please let me know where I can send my receipt into get replaced. suzie.setzler@gmail.com 949-813-6629
Holes cut by crews taking a sample   pavement: crew failed to fill  holes y created.
There are two large, 15-20 inch dia. potholes in  intersection  northbound Mercury St. and  163 f ramp, north  Balboa Ave.
Northbound
Northbound
Northbound

NORTHBOUND WARING NORTH OF ADOBE RD, POTHOLE BLEW HIS TIRE OUT

Multiple large pot holes east   intersection  Ingraham Street and Crown Point Drive.  Pot holes located about 50 feet east  intersection, east bound lane near  center.  Please fix.
Northbound, right-most  left turn lanes to Westbound Balboa Avenue
Intersection  Convoy and Ollo, Southbound Convoy or western half  intersection
Southbound, south  Daggett Street
Southbound, south  Balboa Avenue
Pothole in crosswalk across Convoy and Balboa Ave, south side  intersection, southwest corner  intersection. PEDESTRIAN HAZARD.
W Mission Bay Dr just over west side  Mission Bay Channel bridge where bridge and street meet: WB #1 lane, 2 potholes
Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Convoy St, numerous potholes, especially southbound Convoy St, west half  intersection
Eastbound South 2 lanes
Eastbound south 2 lanes
LARGE POTHOLE, DAMAGED TIRES!
Approximately 20 potholes between 8 freeway and Sports Arena Blvd on Midway on  West side  street.  Please fix.

POTHOLES ON OUR STREE AT THE INTERSECTION OF VIA CASA ALTA AND LJ SCENIC DR. S. ANDBAD ONES ON VIA CAPRI TOO.
POTHOLE
Pothole
Road all bumpy and pted, very uneven.
The north east corner   Garnet Ave. and Cass St. intersection has a terrible collection  potholes and missing asphalt.
LARGE POTHOLE, N/W/C
Pothole
POTHOLE
POTHOLE WAS JUST FILLED, NOW SINKING 6-8" DEEP!
Pothole from construction company at least 6" deep needs fixed asap
I drive through  intersection almost every Tuesday. Ever since  first rain storm   year  has grown. Now, being  8th  March, cars are now swerving around  almost hting each or or ruining ir alignment by going over .
Big pothole
Large pothole in  middle   street
PLEASE RESURFACE OR REPAIR POTHOLES!
Cul-de-sac has 3 -4 large pot holes. There is also a large sink hole wh cones in  so to avoid  wh your car. Has been re for 1-2 weeks
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
POTHOLE E/B WEST OF RUFFIN
about 2 large potholes at  intersection  Antigua Bl and Clairemont Mesa Bl that need to be patched
POTHOLE NORTHBOUND,
I h  pothole and my tire blew out.  is fairly big and deep. Located in  left part   far right lane on 70th street just before El Cajon Blvd, after Mohawk St.
6500-6700 broadway need to be re-paved. Street is falling apart and has multiple holes.
Pothole in  eastbound #1 lane in  600 block  West Washington St.
Potholes
Potholes in  crosswalk on  south side   intersection  El Cajon Blvd and 37th St.
Potholes in both directions in  10000 block  Friars Rd.
POTHOLE 5FT X 3 FT X 5 IN
POTHOLE, MIDDLE & LEFT LANE
Pot hole  n/b right lane
Pot hole
Pothole
While doing construction in  UTC mall, re is a very big pothole that has not been a cover on Genesee Ave going Northbound.
There is a really deep pothole/dip in  road on Torrey Pines road as you are driving into La Jolla as you approach Prospect. Someone is going to damage re car.
150' SOUTH OF MEAD ON FAIRMOUNT! LARGE POTHOLE
Pothole
pot hole and uneven water and erosion
I would like to report that  intersection turning onto Via Del Campo Court is in disrepair. There are many large pot holes and  road paint has faded
Pothole
Intersection  33rd and C street
Deep pothole at  intersection  San Diego Ave and Old Town Ave
Sink hole between just and kimsue
E/B CARMEL MTN-POTHOLE
This is worse than a pothole, 's more like a sinkhole!   is caving in, southbound left hand lane right before you get to  raised island in  middle   street.   seems to be spreading!
This pothole keeps reemerging every few weeks - maybe  cy could fill  wh a more stable material?Thank you
Big pothole- west bound lane.
Large pot hole Eastbound on Navajo Rd., left lane just pass Camino Estrellado.
POTHOLES W/B & E/B
E/B ON FRIARS JUST WEST OF MISSION GORGE-POTHOLE
There are several big potholes on  Carmel Mountain Road stretch between Interstate 15 and Stoney Peak Drive - going North and South. My tire dipped into one and I had to accelerate to get out. Thank you.
terrible road condion, some area were patched , but still really bad
When driving on Zion, feels like your car is being damaged every time -  road is awful!!
A number  rar large potholes have developed since  last storm.  A few are are several feet in diameter and very deep.  Can ruin someone's car if not noticed in time to avoid.
Huge hole going north in  left lane
Gnarly potholes throughout  intersection.
POTHOLE
Massive pothole about 3 inches deep and 3-4 inches wide
56 east before Carmel country
Pothole in intersection
a lot  potholes in  intersection  hawthorn street and kettner blvd that could damage tires
There are a number  large potholes (likely caused by  heavy rain and flood events in Sorrento Valley), that have worsened in recent days.  Council District 1 has received a number  complaints about  road condions in  area spanning from  I-5 fwy ex, across Sorrento Valley Road.
DEEP POTHOLE


Pothole right as you are about to enter driveway
Huge potholes throughout street can barely get in driveway turning into dirt road.
All through center  intersection
Humungase pothole

2 POTHOLES, 1 FRONT OF UTC MALL, THE OTHER ACROSS THE STREET AT BUS STOP!
SEVERAL POTHOLES


1/2 foot deep 3 feet wide


Pothole #2!lane heading east

Pothole
Terrible pot hole, can you pay for my damaged vehicle?
Fix pothole. Fix pension bull xxxcxxx
Big pothole on 4th between Cedar and Beech
Pothole on eastbound middle lane left side
Pothole northbound sabre springs pwky right lane in intersection.
Huge pothole in leftmost eastbound lane.
Pothole on northbound side in middle  lane. Pothole is on  edge  a sewer cover.
Pothole on westbound Poway Rd. Middle lane. Left side  lane.
There are about 4-5 large, deep potholes on Genesee Ave going westbound after crossing I5.  There are 2 large ones in  center lane before Science Center Dr and anor one between Science Center Dr and John Jay Hopkins St.  In  far right lane re are at least anor 2 potholes going  same direction.  Please repair soon!  My car can't take anor h.
When you turn right from Avenida Venusto onto paseo lucido re is a large pothole. Please fix.
There are at least two large potholes in  center and far right lanes  Camino Santa Fe traveling North.  They are before Carroll Rd and after you turn from Miramar Rd.  Please repair soon. Thank you!
Since  recent heavy rains, new potholes have appeared on Parkdale Ave in front  Jonas Salk Elementary school.  There are several potholes and  road is in poor condion.  The potholes exist in eir direction  travel.  Please repair soon.  Thank you.
Wide pothole 6-8 inches wide. Has been re for at least a week.
This is a very heavily used two lane right turn from Torrey Pines Road onto La Jolla Village Drive. There are two big potholes -  pavement is crumbling in multiple spots. Thank you for your hard work.
Large pothole in  left lane on W Hawthorn St under  I-5 overpass, repaired less than a month ago -- 's already back.
Giant Pothole in road in area not l by street lights. Blew out my front left tire.
Growing pothole
Entrance to SMALL dog park @Dusty Rhodes Dog ParkHuge craters.  least 3 right now. When flooded caused damage to my tire. Please fix! Thank you!
Damaging pothole in West bound lanes before Bernardo Center Drive
Pothole on south bound side  road.  Deep!
Many deep potholes around se lanes.
Deep potholes in east bound lanes.
Pothole
Pot hole
Westbound Lane Clairemont Mesa Boulevard just east  Overland
Small pothole in  intersection  Overland Avenue and Clairemont Mesa Boulevard
Deep pothole at eta Street
Pothole north bound line on Torrey pines at prospect st. Princess st.  Roseland st and juela st. In addion at  top  Ardath/52. North lane as you branch to  52. These are all very dangerous. As people are swerving. Please repair se ASAP. Thank you
There are a number  very bad potholes on Torrey Pines Rd. (TPR). These are very dangerous, as people are swerving to avoid se.1. TPR and Prospect St. North lane2. TPR and Princess St. North lane3. TPR and Roseland St. North lane4. TPR and Juela St. North lane5. Ardath north lane as Ardath becomes  52 Fwy at  top.Please repair se ASAP.
Pothole next to curbs
Pothole next to curbs
Large pothole in westbound lane 4-8 inches deep
Pothole in left lane
pothole on northbound Kemper Street between Kenyon Street and Midway Drive
West Bernardo Drive from Rancho Bernardo Road to Bernardo Center Drive is in need  complete re-paving in both directions. Numerous cracks, potholes, fissures, etc exist in  asphalt surfaces, especially going east/norast on West Bernardo Drive from Via del Campo. Thank you for taking  time to investigate  street.
Deep pothole westbound lane by median.
Eastbound on Balboa Avenue re is a hole by  traffic light.
Pothole
Very large (5ft long)  and deep (3 inches) pothole in middle  roadway

Pothole at intersection  163 south ex and Mercury st
This is a massive and dangerous pothole on southbound El Camino Real (middle lane) at High Bluff. Zip code 92130. This will blow out someone's tire and possibly destroy ir wheel soon if  hasn't already.
Hole
Seal cracks
Potholes in westbound Pomerado Road lanes, just west  Chabad intersection
asphalt pothole SouthWest bound lane   Worden just prior to Pollock
asphalt pothole SouthEast bound lane  4003 (Sports Arena)/W. Mission Bay drive ( Swami's Cafe ) 100 feet prior to West Pt Loma Blvd
2 potholes in intersection
many potholes in alley
This is one huge pot hole, needs to be fixed
2 large & deep potholes at F St. and Tenth Ave. North side  intersection at  crosswalk line in center lane and east lane.
Turning from Sorrento Valley Blvd (travelling in right lane) onto Roselle St into  middle lane (aka right   two left turning lanes heading towards I-5 on-ramp). Directly under  I-5 bridge.
Pothole about 24 inches in diameter in  Number 2 lane, approximately 6 inches deep.  about 100 feet from  traffic signal.
Several potholes in westbound lane before Cardin St./stop sign.
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole at  turn as Ronson Rd becomes Shawline St. Thank you!
Large pothole center  intersection.
Pothole
five deep potholes northbound morena bl just before reaching avati
Pothole in front  7753 Tyrolean 92126
several pothole on chateau between derrick and mt abernathy
Two or three potholes that have been here for a few weeks.
Pothole incompletely filled. Poor repair.
pothole in lanes near crosswalk  Vista Sorrento Pkwy (southbound) approximately 15 feet south  intersection wh Carmel Mtn Rd.
Very large 12"x12"x3" pothole in right most lane.
2/2 POTHOLE
Pothole in  intersection.
On both sides  Grand Ave from Lamont Street internection wh Grand to Mission Bay Drive/Grand Intersection re are 15-20 potholes  varying sizes on both sides   roadway. There are long crevasses in  roadways as well that need to be filled/fixed. These sinkholes/potholes and crevasses have been left unfixed since  last two rainstorms. Can you please have your roadcrews fix m. That is a high traffic roadway on both sides and s very dangerous for drivers to h those.  If you send assessment crews to review  above described area you will see all  potholes and crevasses.
There continues to be at least 3 badly damaged sections   intersection.  's where  asphalt meets  concrete.
Pothole
Pothole
There are several potholes in  middle   intersection at Rosecrans and Sports Arena Blvd.
Not on Date St!! On 5 south framp to 10 Ave. Very deep and mean pothole.
There is a huge pot hole in  area...  is about 10-12 inches deep and about 2 feet wide.
SEVERAL DEEP POTHOLES
Big pothole in right hand lane. This is dangerous for bicyclists and ors.
Cy workers did water related works on March 2, 2017, digging up  street and left  area un-patched creating a dangerous area for driving, biking and even walking.  This is unacceptable!!!
Regarding report #00152025.  OK start, but re are about half a dozen potholes you missed.  Are your crews rationed just so much patch that y cannot complete a job?  Still can't use  southbound left hand lane.
many to dodge all  way up  hill
N/B (ON EAST SIDE OF INTERSECTION)
many to dodge all  way up  hill
2' long, 1' wide, 6" deep on eastbound side  La Jolla Farms Rd.  Continuesto erode.
In January 2017, Pacifica Dr at 4922 Pacifica Dr (near San Anselmo St intersection), re were water/sewer repairs done which resulted in a large area   street being dug out and re-patched.  I do not know who did  work, but  street asphalt patch job is horrible because   many bumpy areas in  asphalt.The attached image shows .  Also,  street is extremely steep and requires a concrete surface, but  patch was done in asphalt.When all  San Diego is asking for smoor streets,  is inconceivable that  street repair makes  street WORSE than  was previously.Many years ago, I worked for Pacific Gas & Electric in Oakland, and after we dug up a street, we repaired  wh an absolute smooth surface AFTER thoroughly tamping down  ground and  asphalt.   can be done and must be done by every vendor digging up our streets.
 light
There are multiple potholes on  bridge that connects eastbound 94 to northbound 15.  is very dangerous. I ride a motorcycle.
huge dch
VERY BIG/ DEEP POTHOLES (ALLEY OF CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD)
BIG AND DEEP POTHOLES , IN ALLEY 3 POTHOLES
2 potholes
Large pothole in  west bound lane  hillery (practically in  intersection  Marbury and Hillery)
Large pothole in  westbound lane  Hillery.
On Greenford drive, between Hillery and Flanders, in  north bound lane are several potholes.
In  west bound lane  Flanders Drive, near  Bedfont Circle intersection is a pothole.
The entire street  Trade street has potholes please can you take care   and fix .Thanks.
This pothole has been repaired 2 times, both times  has been wh horrible results.  Pothole is about 50 yards long and up to 8 inches deep.  Repair contractors are wasting money and resources.
2 potholes
Entire road needs to be re-paved, but multiple cracks/holes at Mesa Madera @ Red Cedar Drive
pothole
Extensive potholes and deep ruts to northbound and southbounda. northbound Rancho Carmel Drive1. at Glenhurst intersection and running 100 yards south2. from intersection wh Shoal Creek running north about 100 feetb. southbound Rancho Carmel Drive1. from and including  whole Shoal Creek intersection to Provencal Place [several blocks]
6' POTHOLE, 6" DEEP, HAZARD,ON KEARNY VILLA!
There's a pair  terrible pot holes on  on ramp to I-5 south from first avenue.
Very bad pot hole
Pothole on Florey.
Pothole
large pothole at  intersection
Pothole
6 very large potholes/ send patch truck/ at least 1Ton for patches.
Large annoying pothole in left southbound lane going onto Fairmont from Camino del Rio North.  Hard to see as  is in  shadow   overpass.
There were lots  big chunk rocks and residues(2/28/17 at 10:00pm) and trace  construction  road that damaged  tire and  has to be replaced.
Pothole
Potholes on Ruffin between Balboa south to Aero. Some  m are huge from 3 feet long to 2 feet wide in  driving lane on  south side. VERY DANGEROUS
A large pothole has emerged on  street.
Dangerous separation between bridge concrete and road asphalt in two day  has doubled in size.  has probably ruined my rims on my Ford Trans. A motorcyclist could get killed if y h  at posted road speed.
This potholes is about 4 feet long 12 feet wide and about 7 inches deep. I was driving about 25 miles per hour and suddenly I felt my front wheels hting on my Fender. I think  address that I gave you is close by  pothole period please please look into  ASAP or put some orange cones around .
Pothole
Numerous holes and ruts
multiple potholes in same general are  maybe 100 feet. Has caused damage multiple time to my vehicle.
POTHOLE
Holes ruts
Large pothole from construction. Almost damaged my axel. Clean construction is needed.
Holes in  street
The middle lane going down 8th Avenue across  trolley tracks at C Street has big potholes.
large pothole in east bound lane at  intersection  Clairemont mesa blvd and Kearny mesa rd
There are 2 Potholes.  First pothole is after  I-15 f ramp on Lane#1  road heading East on Ted Williams.  This hole is big and is getting bigger due to cars going thru  unexpectedly. Second pothole is a ltle farr east   first pothole.   is elongated about 30" in length and about 4 inches deep.
There is a big pothole on right most lane  east Ted Williams Pkwy. Please help to fix  asap.
Large pot holes on Landis, at Grim
Looks like  start  a sink hole, water is coming from  street and pothole developed.
Potholes in Alley f Landis, between Grim and 31st
Large pothole in intersection
Several potholes have reappeared on  Sassafras ex from  I 5 South. Very dangerous to ex.
Big pothole on Ted Williams where  goes over Sabre Springs Pkwy, close to central divide
Huge pothole in left lane has been re for weeks. I've seen multiple reports   that haven't been addressed.
deep pothole at light on mission bay before garnet --- between mossy toyota and driveway to storage area.  if i h  again I am sending cy my bill for car repair!
Large pothole in lane #3 near 99 ranch market on Clairemont Mesa.

POTHOLE
1 medium and 1 large pothole next to each or on  onramp from 1st street going into 5 south. Well Before 163 junction.
Major pothole west bound needs fixin'. Please  do asap please. Anor pot hole nearby, too.
Major collapse  concrete and asphalt around water? valve 3 feet in diameter at middle  intersection getting larger by  day and needs immediate repair please.
Two large potholes at intersection near 163 entrance and Mercury
Major potholes  W. Pt Loma Bl from Groton St to Midway Dr east bound lanes. Pls fix asap.
Major pot holes ease bound lanes from Chapman St to Midway Dr. Please fix asap.
Many deep and large potholes W. Pt Loma Bl from Chapman St, to Groton St to Midway Dr east bound lanes. Please fill asap.
P/H IN MID LANES RIGHT BY TRAIN TRACKS/VERY BIG
Pothole close to corner  Olney heading west
pothole on Balboa Ave close top corner  Noyes heading west
Pothole in intersection Balboa and Grand heading east from Grand Ave onto Balboa Ave
Large pot hole on  west side  Linda Vista Rd.  Nearest cross street, Genesse.
Lots  potholes in front   bus stop near Tle Boxing going toward Utah Street on Universy Avenue.
5 pot holes from Time Warner Cable work months ago patches have sunk down in crosswalk
Multiple holes left by TWC in street which are sinking
large pothole North bound just before  Knoxville St intersection.
Several medium to large potholes in lanes next to wings n ribs store.
Large area pothole at intersection  Archer St and Soledad Road
Almost  entire right side   street heading to rosecrans blvd needs repairs. Damaged road through out.
Pot holes on  turn
This pothole's location is on 4th Ave. between Beech St. and Cedar St. in  middle lane on  left side   vehicle.  was much bigger and recently filled in and 's already forming again. Before  pothole was poorly filled 2 weeks ago, I was driving down 4th, (wh a vehicle to  left  my vehicle which compromised my only option to avoid hting ) I ran directly over  pothole while driving my vehicle, a Mercedes Benz S550 that I purchased in January. I immediately received a warning alert that I damaged  air suspension on my front left hand side. I'm considering my legal options currently. Please fix  ASAP I'm sure  damages every car that falls victim to  and 's already reopening.
Number 1 westbound lane
Pothole on Tambor just south  Tierrasanta blvd
Pothole is on eastbound lane  Alvarado Road, where  asphalt joins  caswell.
Few deep  and large holes size between 1-2 feet in circumference.  The impacts b/w car tires and potholes are strong and loud.  These potholes have been here over a month. Most busy intersection. So many Vehicles tried to avoid running into m: accident sooner or later will be unavoidable. Thank you
2 potholes that need to be filed
On cy streets by gas station entrances
Southbound Gilman has several construction cuts across  right edge   pavement between La Jolla Village and I-5. Most cuts have adjoining deep potholes. Bicyclists are in grave danger  injury if ir wheels h se potholes.
lots  potholes an rough road tearing up suspensions. southbound Ruffin Rd right hand turn lane just before Aero Dr.
Pot hole near bike lane


Pothole
These potholes on Bessemer Street are ridiculous.  looks like  whole street is going to wash away. The photo only shows one section but  entire one-way street is full  potholes
Lots  potholes! East and Westbound
Water main repair settled and pothole
MANY POTHOLES.
MANY POTHOLES.
BIG NO REALLY BIG CRATER IN THE CENTER WEST BOUND LANE.
Unbelievably deep clusters  potholes on yama Street. Cars veer around m to avoid. Dangerous suation.
Large pothole directly in crosswalk; crosswalk striping faded.
MANY POT HOLES.
Large pothole traveling south bound before  I-52 and I-5 traffic signs.
not a pothole but upheaval  asphalt from tree roots. que severe.  if cyclist hs   will be anor $4m lawsu to fight
Large pot hole in a highly traffic area in front   gas station   Mesa College & Linda Vista
Pot hole
Sunken, uneven trench area in Southbound lane  Ingraham where  alley intersects Ingraham in front  4726 Ingraham.  Very uneven and causes vehicle to bounce dangersously
Large hole on street before alleyway
Large potholes
On Westbound Genesee in  middle lane re is a HUGE pothole that hs so hard  hurts your teeth.  I really oughta wear a mouthguard whenever I drive around San Diego.
Hole is getting bigger by  hour
Numerous potholes
Large pothole rim damage
Large, wide pothole requiring swerving to avoid . I had to swerve (somewhat unsafely) and saw several people behind me do  same. Needs to be patched ASAP.
3 big potholes in east bound lanes
Railroad tracks almost broke all 4  my tires
Our street from Zapata Ave to Calle Pino has an OCI rating  "Poor."  Yet,  street is not scheduled for any future work.  When will  be scheduled?  Multiple potholes, previous fills and overlays already falling apart, and getting worse due to  recent rains
Pothole
Pothole as you enter driveway to Red Lobster
All first between Federal building and Broadway
Sunken trench in front  driveway
Huge pothole
Huge pothole
Cracking cement around triangular cover causing noise and ultimately might collapse
2" deep pothole
large pothole in narrow right-hand traffic lane
Large pothole in middle  road on Otay Center Drive/Otay Center Court.
POTHOLE
ON BOTH SIDES OF DRAINING STENCH.
P/H (ON MT ASHMUN)
MULTIPLE LARGE ONES AND NUMEROUS SMALL ONES.
BIG POTHOLE TOWARDS BACK ENTRANCE TO THE VONS.
Several pot holes see attached
Several pot holes see attached
Pothole
Pothole
Large potholes
Potholes
Lots  potholes
Three huge potholes exing college heading north on college from  left turn lane cannot avoid m 's  entire lane  potholes  is been reported for days
Several tire eating monster pot holes.
On  corner pot hole
4 foot long pothole by  bike Lane
Big pothole 's been wrecking my bushings
Big hole
TWO LARGE POTHOLES TRAVELING NORTH BOUND ON S 28TH ST BETWEEN MAIN ST AND HARBOR DR.
Couple potholes & broken up asphalt going west.
Sent picture earlier hole is getting bigger
On College Ave headed north just past  f ramp in  left lane. 3-4 large potholes.
Multiple potholes at corner  Windsock St/La Media Rd.
large pothole at rappahannach av & clairemont dr
Potholes Goldcoast dr , Baywood & Westonhill
3by2 feet about 1/4 foot deep pothole
Large pothole intersection  Fay Avenue and Genter St. East side.
Multiple holes
Large pot hole on College Avenue after 8 west ex
POTHOLE
6300  potomac st is filled wh potholes and needs to be resurfaced as well
Pothole on middle  intersection  arbor park place and forrestview lane.
Pothole
Large pothole on westbound Camino Del Norte in middle lane. Damaged my two front tires and left a gash in my front left tire.
NUMEROUS potholes on Vista Sorrento Parkway between Lusk Blvd and Directors Place.  More so on side   street going south.  Thank you.
Pothole
Getting bigger in alley behind 4440 Rainier Ave 92120
Driving east on West Washington, left turn to San Diego Avenue,  left turn lane is so bad you can't go slow enough to avoid rattling your suspension.  's been trashed by all  big trucks and buses that come from  airport/MCRD.  Way more than a pothole.
Large pothole.

Turning NB to Fairmont. Very dangerous for motorcycle
Various potholes located on north bound Pacific Highway before Taylor St
As you turn on Genesse onto Mt. Alifan se two pot holes are very dangerous.  They have been temporarilyrepaired previously but reappeard after  rain,
POTHOLE
POTHOLES N/B
Large pothole has been in  spot for at least one month. Several or potholes are developing nearby. The large one comes out  nowhere and caused my son to have his truck's front end realigned!!
several potholes in  middle  Poblado Road between Poblado Court & Poblado Way.
Pot hole in front  driveway almost  entire length.
Pothole in front  8005 Nightingale Way driveway.
Pothole in front  8033 Nightingale Way driveway
Pothole in front  8047 Nightingale Way driveway.
Very bad pothole in front  8093 Nightingale Way driveway.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE W/B ON UPAS ST.  1FT IN DIAMETER


Potholes and damaged asphalt
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes on bridge
Badly damage concrete in WB lanes  Washington at  location.  The asphalt  keeps getting piled up has made a bad unintentional speed bump.  Please remove  asphalt bump and fix  concrete.
Several potholes.
PER SDPD THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE IN THE #2 SOUTHBOUND LANE.
re are two huge potholes on rancho bernardo road going east before Summerfield lane
re is a huge pothole on Camino Del Norte going west before Bernardo Center dr
POTHOLES AT INTERSECTION
There are two big potholes on  street.  One is at  intersection  Calle de Las Rosas and Rancho Penasquos Blvd , and  or one is going down  hill on Calle de Las Rosas.
Large pothole
They fixed  potholes in  number 1 lane, but now re are LOTS  potholes in  number 2 lane (headed eastbound)(all  way from I-15 to Highland Ranch Rd.  There is also one large pothole in number 1 lane just after passing   I-15
Potholes on Poblado road in rancho Bernardo.  92127 Very bad.  There is at least three holes and road is bad
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
There is a big sinking area in  middle   street in front  1946 Coolidge St. 92111.  Someone, I presume  cy, came out and put some asphalt on top   dip, but  did nothing to  hole.  You lerally have to drive 2 mph in order to avoid damaging your vehicle.
Large and deep pothole. Located on 1st Ave onramp to I-5 southbound.
Multiple potholes in westbound Genesse, left lane & left turning lanes.  Between 163 and Linda Vista Rd.
Lots  non stop creator and craves all along  famous French Street, huge mess. I look like a drunk driver dodging all  1970's infrastructure.
Huge pothole about 2ft by 1.5 ft and at least 7 inches deep. West bound just before left turn lanes on to Convoy
Huge Pothole
Gigantor car killer in right lane next to 8w to 15s connector
This intersection is filled wh potholes.
Large pot hole,. Was repaired a few months ago but now has  disintegrated  and is twice as large as before.,  is getting worse wh cy trash trucks driving over 
Massive pothole on Upas WB.
Potholes under 8 freeway on Morena as you approach on ramp to 8 E
Pothole - 9th St NB
There are sooo many huge craters here on  street.
Large pothole now wh chunks  asphalt near  hole. Located in  Eastbound lane  Stalmer St., in front   driveway just to  west if 7827 Stalmer.
Broken asphalt and potholes
Huge pot hole as you turn left f vista Sorrento Pkwy onto Lusk
Multiple pot holes coming up  hill on Vista Sorrento Pkwy between Sorrento valley road and Lusk Blvd on  sout-east bound way.
Large hole in street
Approximately 4 large potholes
1 large pothole on Clemente ex side
A one foot deep by two feet wide pothole in  southbound lane  Sanyo.  This pothole is several yards from  entry driveway for  Panasonic Company building. This pothole has caused several cases  sever vehicle damage and blown out tires.  Due to  constant through-traffic  tracker trailer trucks/semis and or multi-axle vehicles,  pothole is growing quickly and has multiple smaller pothole forming around . The street is also forming several or potholes in  same area in both southbound and northbound lanes.  Thank you.
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole in turn lane
Badly damaged turn lane to 163 on EB Washington. Potholes, missing cones, piles  debris and dirt.
Numerous deep potholes
All  Robinson Av from 10th Av to Park Blvd is full  potholes which more accurately can be called unfilled trenches. Specifically at Robinson and Center St,  is A FREAKING TRENCH left unfilled!!! Where should I mail my bill for my car's wheel alignment due to shoddy work by  cy?
Pothole in turn lane
Pothole
Large pothole at 900 Nautilus intersection  avenida aranda west bound. I measured  at 13 inches deep. Needs immediate attention!
Pothole west bound claremont mesa blvd by  kaiser lights
dangerous pothole/sinkhole developing just north a few hundred feet from  nursery in  middle   street.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes
Potholes
West bound just east  Fay avenue pothole
Pothole in right lane  Grand heading west before Olney.
Large pothole on Grand heading west, in right lane before Lee St.
Hole size 10 in, 6 inch deep
Pot hole size 20 inch wide
This street is in dire need  repair.   affects our property value.    least fix  potholes if you cannot pave .
Pot hole about 15 inch wide
Pot hole 15 inch wide
Pot hole about 14 inch wide
Pot hole 30 inch wide
Tore  sidewall  my new Pirelli tires
There are lerally dozens  very bad potholes along  stretch  Poway Road East  I-15
There are many potholes along  stretch  Rancho Carmel Drive
All  Poway Road, in both directions from I-15 going East to  Poway cy boundary is full  pot holes and severe damage to  road. This is one   most highly traveled roads and  is in a deplorable condion. Please assess as quickly as possible and do whatever is necessary to protect  property and safety  thousands  drivers. Thank you
32 ND & Upus pot hole
32 ND & Dwight pot hole
Eight major potholes to  Dusty Rhodes entrance. Far beyond acceptable.
2 potholes before light traveling westward.  Big!
Very large and deep pothole in #1 lane eastbound Balboa Ave, east  traffic light at balboa Mesa strip mall
Bunch  holes, really rough
Large pothole in right lane. Addional water leak coming from under  cement and draining down  street. NEEDS IMMEDIATE ATTENTION
Lots  lg potholes

Deep pothole, 3' x 3' in size
Badly damaged asphalt.  10th report

HUGE pothole on college ave, in front  Seor Pancho!  least 1.5 feet wide and 0.5-1 foot deep! Fix IMMEDIATELY!!
Long trench dug by cy several weeks ago along middle to edge  street.  Giant car hazard.


at  parking entrance on beech and 9th
sinking blacktop developing next to manhole cover
Pothole
Dead center  intersection.
Pot hole going down hill.
Santo Rd northbound right lane, pothole just as you enter intersection wh Aero Dr
2 potholes northbound on Mercury at or very near entrance onto 163 south
Large pothole northbound left lane between (but closest to) Rasha St. and Spectrum Lane. Near viciny  Taoglas Bldg/sign.
There are 2 huge potholes here that flattened two  my tires on  passenger side  my car. On March 1, 2017 at approx. 3:15 pm I was travelling home from work going west on N Harbor Drive. By  time I noticed  potholes, I could not swerve into  number 1 lane because re was a car re. I h  2 potholes and immediately pulled over to a popped tire in  front and  rear tire was sl.  eventually deteriorated not long after. The front rim is damaged as well. The only good thing for me is y are run flat tires. However, y are very expensive, so I had to buy used tires. 's not right or fair because I just got  car a few months earlier and  tires were almost new but y are not covered under  Certified Pre Owned warranty. Potholes are all over San Diego and I have h a bunch but I wasn't aware   reporting webse until recently.


Two very sharp, deep, potholes in North side crosswalk.
Eastbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd, left lane at intersection wh Murphy Canyon Rd
Northbound Qualcomm way in  number three lane. Approx 3 ft across pothole.
Pothole in front   Nates Deli
Westbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd in  right turn lane before Ruffin Rd (north).
Pothole on  right in right lane  southbound Pacific Highway just before Pacific Highway exs to  right
Potholes
Huge pothole at shopping center light eastbound Balboa in fast #3 lane.
Pothole westbound lane
Pothole westbound #1 lane in front   school
Extremely deep pothole in  left turn pocket from west balboa to south mercury st.
Large pothole in  middle   Southbound lane.
Pot hole at intersection
P/H IFO THE NATES GARDEN GRILL
Pothole
Potholes at  start   street and driveway.  Cy property?

Pothole
Pothole
Large pothole right going onto freeway onramp southbound 5
Pothole south on 30th as you enter intersection at El Cajon.
All  chateau has potholes and unevenness which makes  difficult to drive
Towards harbor
Giant uneven road because  possible sinkhole or tree roots.
Pothole  about 25 inch wide
 has been months past when I was told repairs would be done. Why, why, why?
Deep pothole approximately 12 x 18
Potholes on  street
Series  potholes on 28th under  94.
Potholes
Potholes
Large pothole
Cross streets are Linda Vista Rd and Mesa College Drive before turning re by Chevron gas station. Large pot hole that is difficult to avoid.
Horrible pothole that popped our tire.
When turning left from India up Sassafras,  pothole rips into tires and  groove draws cars into  traffic coming down  hill.
Pothole in right lane  Clairemont heading south just after Balboa.
Very large pothole. Saw a lady get flat tire.
Numerous potholes on Northbound Pacific Hwy adjacent to  Old Town Trolley Station parking lot.

Around 6 divots in  street that make  intersection a 10mph zone.
Pothole in  onramp to 5 south from 1st street.
Potholes that caused a flat tire and pissible bent rim in our car
Potholes on that corner all  time...
POTHOLES
Pothole
Pothole in Street
Sinkhole forming in  street
Turning right from greenford
Pothole in right turn lane, westbound clairemont mesa to northbound santo road

Terribles potholes along Poblado heading west from West Bernardo!
Mira Mesa Ex ramp f 805
Huge pothole!!! Appears pothole is getting bigger and deeper. On Euclid Ave on  hill going SB before  Euclid Ave/Home Ave intersection.
Big pot hole. Cars have to swerve around . Has been repaired before but  keeps coming back.
Several large potholes on college avenue going north after exing I-8 west, all  way up to Del Cerro boulevard.
Dangerous potholes in  alley
Series  potholes
LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF MISSION BAY HS
chunk  asphalt missing  in front  driveway.
There are MULTIPLE pots holes along Poblado Road.  is a hazard, dangerous, and had cause multiple people to have tire/rim damage. This has been reported by multiple residents as well.
Multiple potholes on Morena Boulevard between Balboa and Avati
Serious potholes in College Ave. North between I8 f ramp and Del Cerro Blvd.
Asphalt pothole East Bound Grand  North lane just East  Haines
There appears to be a sink hole forming in front  a sewer cover  by  bump sign right f  Ulric and before you get to 1924 David Street.   first  appeared to be just a crack now  is sinking when you drive on  and  is a very busy street.

1 foot diameter pothole in  right-hand side   right-hand lane at  crest   hill on eastbound Camino Del Norte
Whole street is covered in potholes. Damage to vehicles.
This pothole is like a crater 2 feet wide on  souast corner   intersection
GIANT GIANT Asphalt potholes 4267 Cass NorthBound lane just before intersection  Grand !SINK HOLE - DANGEROUS TO PEDESTRIANS BICYCLES ETCThis appears to be a hole cut by  contractor building  new construction Senior Home at Cass & Grand - was not RE-FILLED PROPERLY
2 Asphalt potholes  1050 & 1022 Thomas west Bound  lane
(1) Asphalt pothole Hornblend & Dawes middle  intersection
Pot hole at intersection
Pot hole at ally intersection on Upus
LARGE POTHOLE
HelloI recently (2 days ago) drove over a large and deep pothole f highway 163 South immediately at  10th street f ramp.  The hole resulted in a bending  my tire rim and loss   hubcap.  I had to pay 630.00 to replace  rim as my tire immediately went flat and  was unable to hold air.Can you let me know if re is any help to reimburse me for  expense?   would also be advisable to fix that right away as  was huge and shook my car up. I have  receipt for payment/work.Thank you
12". Very deep.  Lots  bike traffic at high speed down hill.  Accident waing to happen
Multiple deep Asphalt potholes  East Bound lane  1325 La Palma 92109
Numerous potholes intersection if Myrtle and 31st.
Big pothole costed me 125 to fix my rim
Pothole in pedestrian crossing area west side  Myrtle and Grim.
Large pothole at intersection  Navajo and Margerum
Pothole Between Parkridge and Margerum
Left lane, south Camino Ruiz between Mira Mesa Blvd. and Reagan Rd./ Marauder Wy. Not actually a pothole but a depression or dip in roadway.I h  on my motorcycle; almost lost control.
Large pothole right infront   taco shop.
Huge sink hole
Multiple potholes from Santo Road to Overland St., all lanes
Large pot hole (bigger than a manhole) at  intersection  Balboa Avenue & Shopping Center Driveway. East bound Balboa (in front  Panera), left lane, at  crosswalk.
West bound lane at  cross walk/intersection  San Andres
West bound at  intersection  Flower Hill Mall
Northbound just north   entrance to Chase Bank
Southbound just before  entrance to  shopping center
The alley f  Froude St.., on  East side  Froude, between Santa Cruz Ave & Coronado Ave. , is  back & most used entrance to our home, is nearly impassable, due to  erosion & significant pot holes.   is in grave need  re paving.  Thank you.......
Potholes
Deep pothole
Large hole spanning nearly entire width  turn lane.
Right in  middle   intersection
Large pothole

Severs potholes and severe road damage.
severe pot holes and road is damaged.  For about thirty yards.  Is a very busy street.  Cannot take pictures as.too busy.
Severs potholes and road damage.
Bad..

Pot holes bad road.
5700 fairmount southbound before going under I-8 big pothole across all lanes. Cars jerk when turning from f ramp on to s/b fairmount because  pothole

Big holes throughout  street. 1' Square foot in size in some cases deeper than 3" inches making dangerous condions for driving and pedestrians as well..Cracks every where in  street dirt showing in most  all  potholes..
Lots  potholes
Large pothole on 32nd Street and Dwight Ave, left side   south bound lane, close to  stop line.
The area on Dennery  Rd just south     Home Depot   in front     apartment s
Hello. There are about 4 potholes near  address. Thank you so much.

Pothole along center divide

West to east 2nd lane from right
Utily trench has eroded away, leaving a trench and several potholes across and along  right side   road. This will damage many cars until  is fixed.
Potholes
This new group  potholes just opened up.  They're in  left lane as you turn left f  I-8 East f ramp to College Avenue northbound.  's really unsafe because 's hard to avoid m as you reach m while completing  left turn from  f ramp to  street.   See photo:  location is in  center   image.  Thanks.
LARGE 2' POTHOLE ON RAMP HEADING E/B ON BALBOA GOING S/B ON MORENA.
OMG fix  road 's like f roading!
There is a huge pothole in  street that needs to be fixed before a car get damaged because   pothole
LOTS OF POTHOLES
Pothole

in cross walk in front  Stanley park swimming pool





at bus stop wh wires where y fixed stoplight before last rain
at busy corner where y fixed stoplight left big car eating potholes



Pothole from rain in middle  street.






Several potholes. One very deep. Driver has to swerve to avoid. Dangerous!!!!!





Huge pothole on East bound Balboa on left hand lane. In  middle   intersection underneath  traffic light.
There a few potholes
Several large potholes in  SB lanes  Fairmount Avenue beginning at Camino Del Rio North heading south, especially at  underpass near onramps to I-8 E & W.
Pcher
Pothole!!!!
Lots  potholes that have been ignored too long, while or parts   same street have been fixed
Large potholes from I-8 west, college avenue f ramp, n going north on college Ave all  way up to Del Cerro boulevard. College avenue is full  potholes all  way up to del Cerro blvd
East bound land  Stalmer St, directly across from driveway to 7620.
Huge pot hole in alley between Hornblend and Garnet on 1900 block.
HAZARDOUS POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION THAT HAS BLOWN CUSTOMER'S TIRE
Road warped and sinking in a stip.
Two large potholes in  right lane, heading south.
Several large potholes in Eastboand lane  Rancho Bernardo Rd between Alondra Dr and Valle Verde.
POTHOLES ON INGRAHAM
4x5ft pothole, approximately 4-6 inches deep.  Pothole is at  very end   parking lot, by field 2 and trash containers
There are several large potholes on Camino Del Norte westbound between Paseo Montanoso and Bernardo Center Dr.
A large pothole on east bound road  Carmel Mountain Rd at  stop light as you make a right on Stoney Peak Dr.
Pothole large
Whole section  W Point Loma is a hazard for small cars
Sports Arena is bad, but  far right lane is  worst! Lerally giant potholes going  whole way down Sports Arena Blvd
Midway Dr inner most right lane is terrible!
Massive Potholes due to constant ground water runf.
Pot hole big
Multiple potholes more going west than east
Multiple potholes, do you know how many people need to go to  hospals around here?
Transient Camp
Potholes are constantly popping up due to water run f.
Huge old pothole
multiple potholes in front   Jonas Salk Elementary school
multiple potholes from Kibler Drive to Empress Ave

2-3 feet long, 1-1.5 feet wide, located in  right lane
Several huge potholes in front  address.
Several potholes across from address.
Norast intersection  Krenning Street and 53rd St. Not too bad right now, but  odds are, if left alone,  will grow.
Hole is about 9 inches in diameter, about 2 1/2 inches deep, wh a rusting open pipe in  middle.  Was  once  access point to a utily?  This hole was never fixed after our street received 's "slurry" cover 2-3 years ago. Very hazardous for bikes.
The road is very rough, potholes to  left and  right  Bisby.This area is shared wh La Mesa and  Cy  El Cajon. I understand  specific area is in  Cy  San Diego to repair.
LARGE CRATER, FAR MOST LEFT LANE! UNDER I-5 BRIDGE.
DEEP P/H S/B
Right lane, Mira Mesa Blvd heading west.  Just past intersection wh Scripps Ranch Blvd.  Right lane as heading towards 15N on ramp, before  street light.
This pothole was reported two weeks ago,  came back as being repaired that was a pothole at 8655 West Bernardo,  was promptly done, however  pothole I am reporting is North  that on West Bernardo Drive near he pedestrian bridge over Lake Hodges. South and West  lane nearest  lake.
Big pothole heating east on mira mesa at black mountain
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE IN THE ALLEY WAY CAUSED BY SDGE. THE POTHOLE IS FULL OF WATER AND THE SPLASH IS DESTROYING PROPERTY.
Large pothole on  intersection  Ingraham and Pacific Beach drive. 92109

Construction workers have left a large cut in  road and have not filled in  asphalt. They never completely filled in  trench;  is roughly 2-6" deep and about 2' wide by 8-10 yards. This is likely from  KB homes construction f nearby Carmel Mountain Rd. Please have m go back out and address .  should be impacted level (not leaving a depression) or slightly mounded when y place . Also, y need to go back to address any compaction.
TIRE DAMAGE  E/B BEFORE FEW FEET BEFORE BANK (AFTER STARBUCKS
Tracking Number 00160327 was issued  morning re a pothole.  The street address in  report is incorrect (6715).   should be 6707 Monte Verde Dr., SD 92119
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES AT THE INTERSECION THROUGH SEMINOLE SOUT H BOUND TO ACORN ST.
POTHOLE
Deep pothole in westbound lanes  11600 Carmel a mountain Rd. Just at  ex from  Taco Bell  parking lot to Carmel Mountain Road
Street appears to have sunk in a b, somewhat like a dip after  last storm.
Pothole (large)
Two  se in  alley between 4th and 3rd Ave, No.  Washington St. across from Scripps Mercy Medical building. See ir clients walking up  alley to ir appoints wh walkers, WC's, canes, Care Givers etc. Safety hazard as well as nighttime walkers etc. re is a 3rd one that is caved in but not wh a hole like  all  way through. Thankyou
STREET SUNKEN
Pot hole in  middle   street
Pot hole is located in  center lane that is used for left turns
There are many potholes on Camino Del Norte on both sides   road from Bernardo Center Drive to Camino San Bernardo.
Very wide (approx 3 feet) pothole in right hand lane  Camino Del Norte heading West prior to  Bernardo Center Intersection.
LARGE POTHOLE
Previously submted pothole at water valves center intersection. Patch insufficient, sinking. Pothole remains an issue.  Thanks for your efforts.
Large pothole, about 2-3 inches deep. Not good for sedans and low clearance vehicles
Large Pothole in far right lane.
Pothole in intersection at Shopping Center Dr going east
Pothole in center lane going west
About 6 large potholes in  south bound number 1 lane, near  center divider.
There is a crosswalk on Denver st ( cross st Clairemont Dr East)  hole is very deep, if someone crosses at night y can break.  ankle or a person wh a child could fall down or a person walking wh ir dog, dog could fall down or an elderly person wh a walker could fall down, when we drove over   scratched  paint on our bumper!
Very pted asphalt wh a few moderate potholes.
Pothole in front  Krispy Kreme. West bound Clairemont Mesa Blvd, right lane.
POTHOLES ON GENESEE BETWEEN LINDA VISTA & 163
Pothole
P/H
POTHOLES! BOTH SIDES OF THE STREET.
Pothole
Potholes
I made a mistake in one  my recent potholes.  Westbound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd in  left turning lane onto Ruffin Rd (not turning right onto Ruffin Rd)
This street has 5 major potholes that have been re for over 3 weeks. Resurfacing never fixes  issue
3 potholes -  2  m: westbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd left lane between Ruffin Rd and Overland Ave.  1 pothole going in  same direction, in  intersection as you turn left onto Overland Ave
Decent sized Pothole right in front   entrance to  a highly trafficked parking lot. 6701-6863 Convoy Ct, San Diego, CA 92111, USA
I am reporting a driving hazard that requires repair.There is a sinking pothole that is a driving hazard due to  high driving speed. See attachment.Nearest address is 3120 Euclid Ave
Pothole
Decent sized Pothole right in front   entrance to  a highly trafficked parking lot.
 is deep and unsafe, causes issues and poses a risk to safe driving in a highly trafficked area.
There are multiple pot holes and asphalt corrosion along  entrance to  facily.  gives  potential to damage numerous vehicles and is a hindrance to  public that drives along  road.  Please repair to prevent furr messages and/or garings at cy meetings.
Very large pot hole
Massive potholes in front   entire drive way.
very bad and deep pothole as you enter  driveway. 's on  street side. every time I come in to work, I feel like my car's fender is about to fall f.
Potholes
Multiple potholes on street leading up to parking lot entrance

Pothole
There are nearly five large potholes on Pennant Way between Honors Dr and Regents Rd. They cause numerous people to swerve to get around m, causing a couple  near misses. I've also been told people have damaged ir tires on  road because  such. Please get someone to fix m.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
In  #3 lane, heading west re is a huge pothole. Maybe 10 yards before you make a right hand turn on to Bernardo Center Drive
Deep pothole at corner  Groton and West Point Loma drive near car wash.
Pothole
Numerous potholes throughout  entirety  Clairemont Dr
The parking lot entry is in horrendous condion. There are large potholes, cracks, and fissures everywhere. The condion   parking lot has slowly been getting worse and worse, re have been complaints for years.Unless you have a SUV, you car can bottom or you hope your car is wide enough to straddle  ginormous potholes at  entry   parking lot.  A friend  mine drove into  parking lot and  holes were full  water from  rain a few weeks ago- and her Prius got stuck, because she was unaware  holes were so large.  This park is so neglected and  is an embarrassment to my son's sports organization when we have vising clubs- and  cy should be embarrassed as well.    Please fill in  potholes, or repave  entire lot.   We shouldn't have to risk damaging our cars when vising a cy park!
Major potholes whin entrance to Dust Rhodes Park
Potholes all  way to Mission Bay Dr. Countless potholes on Mission Bay DR. Too.
POTHOLE
Pothole is roughly 15" x 15" and located in lane 1 (right-most) under  passenger tire side.  Look for  on Camino Del Norte in  NW bound lanes (so coming from I 15), and in close proximy (but before) Bernardo Center Dr.  Maybe a b before  pedestrian crosswalk above if I can remember right.Just a note - tremendous thanks for all  fixes in  past months! you folks are great!
Potholes
Pot hole getting worse
A previously repaired area just before  left turn island, turning onto Marauder Way.  is approximately 3x5 feet and has started sinking.
I h a pothole at approximately 2:00 pm on Monday 3-13-17 while entering  plaza where Boot World on Convoy St in San Diego. The pothole immediately punctured my front passenger side tire, blowing a hole in  tire sidewall. I had to have AAA tow my car to  tire shop across  street, where y indicated my tire was indeed shot, and  would be best to purchase 2 new tires so  car wasn't out  balance. I purchased  cheapest two tires y had available. Photo documentation and tire receipt attached.
Pothole in left lane in middle  intersection on Genesee Ave going southbound. Looks deep.
Pothole at crosswalk
Several potholes in degraded area near SE part  intersection.
On Triana in intersection  Andalusia.
The entire cul-de-sac is crumbling and Breaking apart. The attached photo is just one side    rest   is still just as bad. There are five kids in  neighborhood y ride ir bikes and play out re and fall down ten because   uneven asphalt and  cracks.
JUST EAST OF INTERSECTION ON GRAND, POTHOLE, BLEW OUT TIRE!
Fix what u started. Poor repair. Nasty hole
HUGE POTHOLE 3.5 FT WIDE, 5-6 IN DEEP. HORRIBLE SOUND AFTER GOING OVER IT. DAMAGE TO VEHICLE.
There are two large potholes side by side on W. Mission Bay Drive heading west coming over  bridge.

Small to medium potholes.
Pothole in wheel path.
There are three large potholes between Botero Drive and Capilla Road on Poblado Road.
Several large potholes on Camino Del Norte West between I-15 and Bernardo Center Drive.
Giant Pothole in super high traffic area. Very dangerous because re's a lot  merging traffic in that area
Majory   street is ltered wh potholes
Pot hole about 2 feet long at stop light
Oppose  a pothole. Large bump that needs to be ground down. Bump is a hazard to bicyclist and is also a tripping hazard.
There's anor pothole on  sournmost (left) lane heading west on Hawthorn under  5 overpass.
road has dropped a few inches - looks like a pipe to  manhole cover re may have collapsed after  last big storm.  You can follow  sunk part to  media in a fairly straight line.  I drive  every day and  happened overnight.
Delta st. between 43rd St and Scott Dr  needs repairs ( potholes,cracks,bumps,etc,)    road needs to be repaved.
Potholes in  southbound #1 lane in  4600 block  Nimz Blvd.
Manhole cover is sinking
Entire street is a pothole
Two potholes that require immediate attention.  Drive to SDSU every day.  They are ruining my car. Nearby Address:   5075 College ave.N. Bound,  right lane, College ave.  / Montezuma Rd. and College Ave. Intersection
A trench was cut across  roadway. The material used for backfill was left low and is eroding making  even lower than when  was first placed. The sharp edges and deep depression in  roadway make for a road hazard for bicycles. Not sure why contractors are being paid to do such shoddy work.
A multude  poorly backfilled trenches have recently appeared on Universy Avenue in both directions. The backfill appears to be poorly compacted. The asphalt trench caps are loose and unraveling, low and have sharp edges. Trenches that run longudinally wh  roadway are especially hazardous to bicycle riders. Furr, trench plates covering portions   work extend above  roadway wh exposed sharp edges, also a roadway hazard. Beyond , pipes have been left exposed above  roadway, some are leaking. Ors are broken. This has left a gallery  obstacles which can cause accidents and damage to bicycles. These condions are definely not bicycle friendly.
Deep depression in pavement in eastbound lane  Old Milky Way, believed made by tree limb blown down in windstorm about a month ago.
2 potholes on Penant Way between Honors Drive and Regents Rd
This is more than a pot hole.  These are ruts so large that if anyone fell into m  could possibly cause a serious injury to ir ankle. Residents in  area are sick   damage that  is doing to ir cars and someone has taken  upon mself to fill  hole wh sand. This is not only making a bigger mess but also poses a serious injury for motorcycles and bicyclists.  My mor is 81 years old and she has asked no less than 4 times for  street to be not just repaired but repaved.   seems that less traveled streets including cul de sacs that didn't need repair have taken priory to  much traveled street she lives on. I think that  street was just missed altoger as  has been many years since  has had any attention.  How are  streets priorized? Does a supervisor ever come out to take an assessment   qualy   street.  I can assure you , should my mor fall and break a hip or hurt herself in any way  cy will be found responsibe for her injuries and will have a lawsu on ir hand.  Wouldn't  be more fiscally prudent to make  repairs as requested? PLEASE fix  street.
Large pothole on 1st ave as soon as you enter 5S on ramp. This pothole is different than 2 large holes recently filled a few yards ahead. Photo not available.
I understand re is construction currently happening on part   street for months now but re is a decent sized pothole on  rode just before  construction zone starts (if you are coming west to east down Westmore Rd). My boyfriend and many or drivers must serve to avoid  pothole as  is deep enough that  may damage some cars.
Pothole caused damage to wheel  car . Hole has been filled.  Would like to file a claim.  Have wness to incident.  Also mechanic noticed damage , said was caused by pothole.
Potholes on college Ave south starting at del Cerro blvd all  way down to  I-8 freeway on ramp east
Pothole
Large 18" diam pothole
Pothole
Very deep pothole. "Wheel breaker"
Pot hole at intersection
Huge potholes at  entrance   ltle dog park parking lot. Huge!!!
Camino Ruiz at Miralani.  Heading north, center lane.   Pot hole is right next to previous filled hole.  H  on Friday at approximately between 7:00 pm to 8:00 pm  This one is after I h a water manhole cover on Eastgate Mall earlier in  day.Taking vehicle in as  is making grinding noises in  front end.    Reporting  Eastgate Mall issue next as y are connected to vehicle issue.
Heading east from 15 freeway hwy 56 loaded wh holes
2 potholes side by side
A string  potholes from  intersection  Calle cristobal to Mira Mesa Blvd on Vista Sorrento parkway
In  middle   intersection  el camino real and Carmel valley road and  on ramp to  56 east is a large pothole
Pothole in westbound Miramar #2 lane
Pothole in westbound #2 lane
East bound Washington, east  163 bridge (92103). A 5+ year old "temporary" asphalt patch  concrete street has sunk in  middle causing a dip in  road which fills wh water when  rains.  This needs to be filled back up wh concrete.  Dip makes big trucks wobble -  is unsafe.
SEVERAL POTHOLES, CRACKS IN ALLEY, ALMOST UNABLE TO DRIVE THROUGH!
Hazardous pothole located near 11523 Poblado Rd. Has been reported multiple times but still has not been fixed. See attached image.
Corner  9th and B St two pot holes
Nasty pothole.
bad pothole in front   address plus about 10 more south   address, heading southbound
2 FT, 5' LONG POTHOLE, DAMAGED 2 TIRES. ON INGULF BETWEEN DENVER & CHICAGO
Multiple potholes along south side  street
A large pothole has developed in  alley at 1269 Law Street in Pacific Beach and needs repairing.  interferes wh our abily to enter and leave  garage and grows larger by  week.
3 POTHOLES IN INTERSECTION!
POTHOLE CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE
On 30th St. going north. 2 feet north  El Cajon Blvd. 5" deep, size  a loaf  bread.
See photos to show pothole patch wh all area  street surrounding crumbling. Is  considered a final repair ?
On 32nd St., 1 foot south  Adams Ave..  3" deep, size  a basketball.
Potholes, street in terrible condion.
On Mercury St, south  Dagget, north  Balboa Ave. 3" deep, size  a basketball.
POTHOLE
On College Ave going north, across  street from 5082 College Ave. 3" deep, size  a basketball.
On Santa Monica Avenue and Sunset Cliffs Blvd going west.  5" deep, size  a basketball.
On Universy Ave going east, right side   bridge going over 805.  3" deep, size  a volleyball.
On Sunset Cliffs Blvd going west in  intersection wh Voltaire. Two 3" deep crooked shaped potholes each about  size  a loaf  bread.
 1030 Universy Ave. going west in  slow lane.  3" deep, size  a loaf  bread.
Giant pothole in entry to Dusty Rhodes  park, re are numerous holes VERY large
large pothole preventing MTS from servicing bus stop on market st
Recent rain has deteriorated  condion   street and existing pothole has repoened.
Two potholes at  corner  Ogden Street and Knoxie in front   driveway at 5255 Ogden Street. One pothole in eastbound Ogden near driveway. Or pothole is in westbound lane  Ogden Street at  intersection  Ogden St and Knoxie St. Lots  loose asphalt chunks in  street.
Going up  ramp from street to side walk on Garnet at Ingram in front  radio s hack re is a terrible pot hole & very dangerous for wheelchair
Crap repair  some work is subsiding after rain.
Multiple potholes near  corner  Shell gas station
Several significant potholes need repair on Washington St east bound between goldfinch and dove sts. Also on  west bound near India st
Rapidly failing pavement from earlier patch.
Westbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd right lane between Deportola School Driveway and Marigot and two ors in same direction right at Marigot.
Horrible  road on both sides on Carmel Mountain road.   Near Cambride gated communy and or homes.
eastbound Ronson Rd apprx. 100-200' west  8020 Ronson Rd
Southbound lane  Morena Blvd as you go under  bridge re are two very large potholes near each or.  I usually h m because shade from  bridge makes  difficult to see until you're right on top  m.
southbound on Kearny Mesa Rd apprx 100' south  Clairemont Mesa Blvd and furr down just south  Kearny Mesa Acura in northbound lane
RIGHT AT INTERSECTION GETTING BIGGER.
on  street going north in front  3567 Shawnee Rd. Pothole. Not very large in diameter, but very deep.  could really hurt someone on a bicycle or scooter.
There is a sinkhole forming at  intersection  Richard St. and Catoctin Dr. In front  5215 Catoctin Dr.
POTHOLE PRETTY DEEP
Large pothole at stop sign by ballast point intersection trade street and Carroll canyon way.  Tire got stuck.
Failed asphalt over concrete & big dip/lump.
Repair failing
Potholes big enough to swallow your car on entire street




Pot hole made by cable company two weeks ago. Similar   Horrible repairs and pot holes everywhere y went in  neighborhood. Created instant potholes that will cost cy millions to fix. The contractor should be required to replace  street.
LARGE POTHOLE AT THE  INTERSECTION OG CAM DEL RIO NORTH AND QUALCOMM WY
Same as everywhere else  contractor went, made instant potholes to our streets. Entire half street should be repaired properly and replaced at contractor's expense.  Where is cy oversight?? Letting  happen is a crime.
Huge pothole in  left lane.
 entire upper surface   road along 2900 columbine where  intersects Poplar st is worn f .  is approximately 300 feet  columbine street that did not get resurfaced . Your team ground  surface f but didnt come back to relay  asphalt. i use that section   street several times a day and  is rough on my vehicles.
Large pothole on 5s onramp
Pothole on El Cajon Boulevard in left turn Lane turning onto Illinois Street ..Going West on El Cajon Boulevard
Broken pavement
Large potholes
Asphalt potholes 3622 & 3688 & 3260  West Bound Lane Crown Point drive
West Bound Lane Crown Point drive  &   intersection  La Mancha
POTHOLE  W/B ON CARMEL MTN. RD. JUST EAST  OF RANCHO CARMEL DR.
Pothole
From 163 n on ramp to 8 eastPothole
LARGE POTHOLE, HAZARD!
On Carmel Valley Road as you cross El Camino Real entering  56 East re is a pothole in  intersection.
  corner  Mt. Alifan and Genesse Ave. (south bound) at  stop light, re is a big pot hole, causing damage to car's tires. Thank you for repairing
4 potholes southbound lane just south  clairemont mesa Blvd
Pothole southbound left lane south   52
Crews put in wheelchair friendly ramps at intersection, but left  road uneven where you turn into Palm Ave.  has become a dip now before you accelerate into cross traffic. Causing a pothole effect bump when accelerating into through traffic.
Pothole and road damage entire length  Chateau drive from Fire Station to Genesee Drive.  The Fire trucks are tearing  street apart.
Pothole caused by object under pavement.





These are THREE depressions on Orchard  Avenue where  street is dramatically sinking. One "sinkhole" is by a manhole cover at corner  Orchard Avenue and Chatsworth Blvd. The next two "sinkholes" are in front  3940 Orchard Avenue.The sinkhole by  manhole cover has been re for over two months.  The two sinkholes in front  3940 Orchard have become more obvious in  last month  March.
See report 150000807659. The potholes at  intersection  College Ave and 8E are growing in size and number. Turning left from  8,  holes are unavoidable and LARGE. This is dangerous!
Pothole at 13942 Mango Dr.
several potholes at intersection
On Palm Ave. just after  new stop light put in,  road in  left lane (fast lane) is uneven. What's really bad about Palm Ave. in  south bay Otay Mesa, is y recently paved  road wh new tar. That's unacceptable, more importantly l'm thinking about  wasted tax dollars on a piful job poorly done. Pretty much up and down Palm Ave. from Beyer Way to Firethorn   road is bad after a pave job. There's anor stretch  road that's uneven westbound  right b-4  fire station.
Multiple potholes on Morena Blvd (Balboa to Avati) in North bound right lane. Please fix! They are all across street from your Rose Canyon Maintenance Facily

Asphalt potholes  2140 & 2068  West Bound  Balboa North lane  past Olney
Asphalt potholes East Bound Clairemont Mesa - Center lane just prior to   805 overpass
Very deep pot hole
Asphalt potholes 5065 Shawline North Bound  Center lane
Giant Asphalt potholes  West Bound Clairemont Mesa - Right lane in  intersection  Shawline
Asphalt pothole  1045 Reed West Bound lane ( at entrance to Library )

Many potholes and tire ruts on all lanes west and east bound Poway Road between  15 Freeway and  Poway cy lim. The address on map is just an example  one area. All lanes have ruts. Thank you

East bound Washington Ave left turn lanes onto SD Ave are full  multiple pot holes.
Pothole
Large pothole in left lane  N. Torrey Pines heading south after Salk.
Pothole
Large pothole in left lane  N. Torrey Pines heading south after Salk.
There are two large potholes in  intersection  Mire Mesa Blvd and Camino Ruiz. Drivers are swerving to avoid se holes in order to prevent damage to ir cars. This type  maneuver is at times reckless and will result in accidents. Please make  a priory to repair.
Numerous potholes and deep cracks on Paseo del Verano NORTE, between Camino Murillo and Camino Emparrado... Very rough on my car and must almost come to a stop.
Linda Vista road North right turn lane one very deep pothole.  Turn right on East Genesee Ave. And two more deep pot holes on East Genesee Ave.  A total  three deep potholes.  Safety hazards.
Multiple potholes College Avenue Northbound, especially in  left lane, on  overpass crossing Hwy I-8.  Please check southbound College on  I-8 overpass as well.  Thank you!
Asphalt is failing at every man hole on Catoctin dr. There is a deep dip in front  5190 Catoctin and one just north  re as well.
This street (Ollie) is absolutely horrible to drive on due to  multiple pot holes and poorly completed patches that have been placed throughout  past decade. The potholes specifically cause great damage to  tires and wheels  vehicles owned by  surrounding communy, along wh  customers that frequent  businesses that exist whin  proximy   street, (one  which happens to be a car dealership that must allow ir customers to test drive ir vehicles). Addionally, 's a street where re's high visibily  traffic due to  or businesses that are located re, so  will continue to get worse. Construction even took place over  past year that left  street in worse condion than when y started whatever  is that y were repairing. Please look into repairing and repaving  street for  sake   business owners that pay to be re, ir customers and  surrounding communy. The cy truly needs to step up. The bandaid type repairs   past have not worked and wh  recent flooding, have proved to not be  qualy.
Huge pothole in right lane
This pothole is on Garnet Ave just east   Crystal Pier. When turning f  boardwalk onto Garnet you fall right into . Very unsafe for bikes & wheelchairs.
Hawthorn before India St. pothole.
Pothole middle  street.
Pothole on northbound lane
Large pothole in middle  road
Very deep and dangerous, east and westbound Genesee.
Multiple potholes on f-ramp turning left on to Kearny Villa Road
Large pothole in left hand eastbound lane
Pothole
SEVERAL POTHOLES UNDER I-15 UNDER BRIDGE!
Pothole
12 in round pothole
bad pothole
Pot holes Shawn and Melbourne
3 large potholes at 10th and F
Two big potholes in  middle lane  Genesee going north.
POTHOLE E/B #2 LANE
Pot holes on iPad just west  grim
I fell into a pothole as I was crossing  street and hurt Myself, my or concern is that on  west corner   intersection re's a senior disable housing and I wouldn't m to get hurt.   location  30th Street and El Cajon Blvd, South end side
Whole street from Main St to S 27th St to S 26th St have morethan  5 dozen potholes,  whole street need to be repaved before some really gets hurt or could be a fataly,  is my 5th request since  year and over all my 12 request from  past year.
Multiple potholes SB and NB on college near  8. Seems to be an ongoing problem area. Also, pavement very uneven at college near Einsteins and Chevron at Del Cerro Blvd.
Multiple potholes on Navajo before turning onto Margerum. They're in left turn lane on  yellow striped lines. Also, anor pothole is right at  right turn from College to Navajo which I've reported before but no one ever fixed.
Foot long pot hole at 3412 college Ave Walmart college Grove CA  92115
Big pothole under bridge.
Pothole
Large pothole in center  intersection
POTHOLE AT CROSSWALK
Pothole
Several potholes
Pothole and loose asphalt
SEVERAL POTHOLES
Huge pothole, didn't see , messed up my alignment/shocks. :(
Big POTHOLE
In  alley behind 4411 Coronado Ave.When  sewer was replaced in  alley, one   cuts has dropped down 7-8 inches below  alley.  All water runf is running under  slab.
Pot hole in front   address, in  East Bound traveled lane.
The asphalt between 4th and 2nd on Ash is extremely rough- esp. in  bike lane
Large and deep pothole
Abundant potholes on southbound Cactus Road beginning at  intersection  Airway Road for a distance  about 300 hundred feet on Cactus Road. There are too many potholes to count during my drive to work.
Potholes
Potholes under fwy
Several potholes in left lane on Rosecrans just past sports arena Blvd heading towards Point loma
Pothole/sinkhole across whole lane.
Pot holes all along  alley and having trounle getting into my parking place because asphalt is wearing out in  alley. There is a 4 or 5 inch dip coming into my parking place.


Can't see  in  picture, but extremely big pothole near fire station
Several Severe potholes in  alley behind 4324 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. between Cole Street and DuBois Street.
NORTHBOUND RIGHT LANE, BAD POTHOLE
wide pothole in street
Pot hole 1'x1' middle  street
Pothole !
Right before  train track heading North. Caused rims to bend along wh axle and strut damage. Has costed me over $1000 to fix. I have receipts and would like reimbursement for  damages done to my car.
POTHOLE
Dusty Rhodes SMALL dog parkCraters...Thank you.
pothole on el cajon blvd in front  7-11
Potholes located on 10th and E running across  sidewalk... Please repair ...  really bad! Thank you
Why no repair?   been 5 months?
Pothole
Westbound lane, corner wh Genesee
Pothole
Pothole
Grand Avenue W/B lanes multiple potholes @ Figueroa- both sides  intersection
Potholes N/B Morena viciny intersection wh Knoxville.
Pothole in  alley on 30th street and El Cajon Blvd(4230 30th street)
We live in  complex 4411 Georgia St. and  area in which  homes are need fixing because   heavy flow  traffic.

CRACK IN ALLEY BEHIND ADDRESS THAT JUST OPEN UP BEHIND DENTAL OFFICE.

Pothole was just patched  afternoon and I already coming back.  Heavy concrete and trash trash trucks are ruining  work that was  completed today.
Please fix potholes:)
POTHOLES  LANE FROM 5300-5800 (BOTH DIRECTIONS




several potholes
Large pot holes in  middle   intersection
Multiple potholes westbound lanes between  freeway and  fire station.  There is also a big one near  52 entrance eastbound number 2 lane
Pot holes between Tortuga and Guincho
Huge pothole in left southbound lane
The street work for  water line on Gresham st and Law st has left  street in an unacceptable condion. We  tax payers expect  roads will be re done in concrete and black top Once  work is completed.
One deep pothole (partially filled but eroded now) on  downhill side  Euclid Ave. in front  Cy Farmers Nursery. Two areas  deep ps and bumps and a large bump due to raised manhole cover.This street is dangerous wh cars swerving both sides to avoid  holes. I ride my bike and  street is extremely difficult to travel on even in a car.Most damage is on Westbound or downhill side   street.Euclid Ave is a MAIN street and needs to be repaved please!Katie Spencer
Hazardous road condions on Euclid Ave. road needs to be resurfaced or repaired. I ride my bike and  is very dangerous. is located near  intersection  Euclid and Dwight.
ON COLLEGE FROM I-8 TO DEL CERRO BL!
Euclid Ave. heading downhill (South West) re is a gash in  road and a raised manhole cover that both create a dangerous suation for cars and bike riders. There is no bike lane so bicycle riders h  gash and  could cause a life threatening accident.
POTHOLE
4th pot hole in  center   street.  They are all getting worse.
Multiple here
Pot
More like a SINK HOLE than pot hole and  section  Upas st. was just newly resurfaced after over 6 months  constant noisy and dusty construction on  Upas street pipeline project!

When going south on Idaho St. and making a right hand turn onto Madison re is a large oval pothole on  crosswalk.
Pothole in  westbound #3 lane at 2528 El Cajon Blvd.
Potholes in  eastbound #2 lane in  2801-2899 blocks  Universy Ave.
Pothole on  souast side   intersection  Universy Ave and 30th St.
Potholes in  eastbound lanes at 807 West Washington St.
Minor asphalt repair needed for sunken asphalt in front  4901-4909 Marlborough Dr.
On  South/East driving road re is a huge pothole on  top   hill  in  far right lane.
Pothole in  eastbound lane in  4051-4099 block  Norfolk Terrace.

My 4th complaint about  same issue seems as if  app is useless if cy workers don't fix  problem, instead just cover  up
Westbound Ted Williams
Westbound
163 South Mission Valley ex road is like Swiss cheese
Massive pothole in right hand northbound lane before  turn. Entire car tilted to  right. What  actual hell!
EastboundMiddle lane
Regents Rd between Genessee Ave and Executive drive.This road is in horrible condion.  needs to be repaired immediately.
THe road from TEd WIlliams Pkway to Carmel Mtn Road is full  potholes
This pot hole is about 3 feet wide and 5 feet long able to swallow a smart car in one be.  Seriously I thought I was hallucinating cause I've never seen a pot hole that big before.
Two potholes
Pothole is located in  southbound lane  Euclid Ave in front  Cy Farmers Nursery about 35 feet before  stop light at Home Ave and Euclid Ave.  Pothole is closer to  double yellow line and is in path travel where  left tire  a vehicle would be.  Swerving to  right is necessary to avoid  hole causing drivers to come dangerously close to parked vehicles.  The pothole is about one foot long and 8 inches wide and 5 inches deep.
Potholes in both directions in  3500 and 3600 blocks  Barnett Ave.
SB ON THE WEST SIDE/LARGE POTHOLE
 is big enough to swallow a tire  a Honda Civic. I know from experience. Fortunately my car is ok.
pothole in middle  street.  's about three feet wide and six inches deep. needs repair. started growing back in december 2016.
Large construction trench has sunk and 's now a reverse speed bump. This should get filled in
Numerous large potholes on college avenue both north and south between del Cerro blvd and east I-8 f ramp and east I-8 on ramp
Going uphill right after  junction re is a big pothole
In  Mira Mesa mall on  corner near California Coast Cred Union and near  stop sign.
Pothole big enough to cause damage. Right lane, right tire side.
HUGE pothole in  road. Please repair ASAP,  is a hazard.
Both sides   street are a MESS!  Many potholes and cracks in  street, s worse than any street in Tijuana.  s embarrassing to  brings friends down  road!  The whole street needs re-paving from I-5 to La Jolla Shores Drive.
Both sides   street are a MESS wh many potholes.  s as bad as any street in Tijuana.  This is a VERY heavily traveled road. The whole street needs re-paving (from Mission Bay Drive to Mission Blvd)  !
Triangular, deep pothole.
Pothole
Pothole on Convoy St southbound to Convoy Ct. westbound right turn lane more on  Convoy Ct side.
Deep pothole on Mt. Alifan at  north-west corner  Genessee/Mt. Alifan intersection
Pothole
Pothole
SEVERAL POTHOLES UP AND DOWN POMERADO!
Series  potholes previously addressed incompetently
Deep pothole on Westbound Camino Del Rio North, 2 car spaces from  traffic light at Mission Center Rd. 's really deep and  doesn't appear to be a gash or a missing layer   asphalt.
Large pothole and broken/uneven concrete on Agate St at  intersection wh La Jolla Mesa Drive. Largest pothole is located near  whe stop sign line for westbound Agate at La Jolla Mesa.
This pot hole report was closed but  pot hole still exists.   has not been re-repaired  was just closed.  Please fix  pot hole permanently ASAP.  is getting bigger by  day.  I'm not sure why  report was closed service was never done.I've attached  inial report I sent in.Report Number: 00146205Service Notification Number: 150000801437 Problem Type: PotholeProblem Description: There is a huge pot hole at  intersection WB Friars and Qualcomm Way. The pot hole repair that was done 3 weeks ago has opened up again. A permanent repair is needed.
Asphalt potholes Ingraham just South  Dana Landing Rd   South Bound  West lane
Pothole
Westbound lane has several holes.
Chateau Drive is badly deteriorated.

 corner  siempre viva road/otay center drive as you turn right onto siempre viva road from otay center drive.
large 3/2 pothole, right lane!
4344 Convoy & Balboa through to Aero  very deep and car damaging
 ex from Vons. East side  Jewell.
2 potholes in left lane just before crest. EB La Jolla Parkway.
Large pot hole wh something sticking  up , chunks around  located in front  school.
The asphalt is broken along driveway and making  dangersous to cross  street and pulling out  driveway.
pod holes on Fairmont North on  right lanes close to  whe lines eight holes, Fairmount South and aldena ex.
Many potholes on  street.
POTHOLE AT DRIVEWAY TO SPRINT STORE
There pot holes every 5 goddamn feet on Grand Ave. I cant believe  road has not been repaved, you are costing locals thousands  dollars in tires and car work due to . GET IT DONE.
Pothole on east side  street
Several potholes have developed, or are developing, between  intersection  Convoy and Armour and  north driveway to  retail center. Patrons are complaining that y are getting, or have gotten, flat tires. Addionally re are areas in  middle   drive lanes that are deteriorating and holes are opening up.
Multiple potholes on  street closest to West Coast tavern
Multiple potholes at  location
Potholes
Large pothole just pass west side  reported address.  20 inches square and five inches deep.
Eastbound #2 lane near  I-8 Westbound onramp. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.
potholes in road
My 2nd request.Several months ago I reported  pot hole in front  my house, i has now doubled in size. Please fix .  Our street has lots  pot hole. I have no way to  send you a photo.  Please fix our street.
pothole on Chelsea  st. south side  roundabout
NB North Torrey Pines has a section  concrete roadway in  location.  Asphalt patches at both ends   concrete section are rough and broken.  Anor asphalt patch whin  concrete section is severely broken and rough due to recent rains.
In westbound El Paseo Grande near  location, large pothole
Numerous potholes on road
POTHOLE JUST NORTH OF DEL MAR HEIGHTS
POTHOLE
Multiple potholes. Deep.
Many potholes ex   freeway
Pothole
Pothole
Next to fire hydrant
POTHOLE
Pot hole
Pothole
Lane 1, potholes on left side  two metal sewer/water covers that are close toger.

Middle
Numerous potholes. Like driving in a 3rd World Country

POTHOLES


pot hole by Almayo & Derek and Triana
Northbound El Camino Real between High Bluff Drive and Half Mile Road, San Diego, Ca  92130
Southbound El Camino Real between Half Mile Road and Del Mar Heights Road, San Diego, CA 92130
North and southbound High Bluff Drive between Lady Hill and Del Mar Heights Road, San Diego, CA 92130
Potholes

Several Pot holes on Potomac street at  intersection  Saipan Dr.
Pot hole
Two potholes in intersection.   One headed north on Euclid,  or headed south.  Both are bad and I h m almost every morning and afternoon.  Been almost two months.
Large pothole right by Cy Farmers Nursery.  Need to swerve into bike lane to avoid hting .
Large pothole
POTHOLE IN THE INTERSECTION OF EASTER WAY AND VISION DRIVE.APPROX. 2 FEET WIDE AND 4-5 INCHES DEEP.
Huge pothole my friend popped her tire
There's a lot  traffic on  hill huge pothole 's impossible to miss  when you're driving that way
There is a large pothole In  left lane heading South before  road spls to go onto Route 52.  is large and is a major hazard.
large pothole in front  address
Potholes
There is a large pothole (actually numerous potholes) but especially where I have  marked on  right hand side heading up Via Capri.
An especially large and deep pothole, possibly a sink hole on  South side  Balboa at  intersection.  Because   traffic, is is very dangerous because you are not able to swerve to miss . The streets in Clairemont are so awful, but  one really needs to be fixed.
Deep pothole; could possibly cause a flat tire
Pothole
Pothole
On  side  3106 menlo ave are 4 deep holes about 6 inches deep along  side   road..y are actually on redwood street,but at  side  3106 menlo ave,0ne is right near  driveway  3106 menlo  ors are just up from that.
Street has potholes, missing pavement,  is unsafe, cracked pavement, from  5771-5799 Balboa Arms Dr, San Diego, CA 92117 to 5351-5433 Balboa Arms Dr, San Diego, CA 92117 in both directions.
Large pothole on  corner  Cliffridge Ave. and Nottingham Place
5401 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111, street has a potholes on balboa
The entire south alley between 33rd and felton needs some serious work for potholes. 's where fire engine 18 accesses  station after returning from every incident. Thanks you.
Full width recurring pothole.
Potholes, both lanes. Thank you.
Pot holes both lanes. Thank you
Pot holes,  both lanes. Thank you.
Pothole, 7007 Carroll Rd on south side  street. GPS: 32.885169, -117.170496.
Potholes, both lanes. Thank you.
Potholes, both lanes. Thank you.
Potholes, both lanes. Thank you.
Potholes, both lanes. Thank you.
Pothole
Two large potholes going east
West Bound, slow lane, hole on right hand side  lane
PotHole fills wh water everyday and kids from Emerson-Bandini Elementary have to walk in street or turn up alley to get past .
Big potholes
Big pothole
Large pothole taking up most   right lane.

East to west 1st lane right after  junction
POTHOLE IN THE MIDDLE OF INTERSECTION GOING W/B ON BERYL.
Two pot holes
A couple potholes on NB Ingraham around  given address... Thank you.
Right lane
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Finally after 10 years  complaints  cy resurfaced  street (Bisby Lake Ave.) in front  Gage Elementary in San Carlos (and some   surrounding streets). HOWEVER, you neglected to resurface THE WORST street in  neighborhood which children and parents use daily- HIGHWOOD DRIVE located on  side entrance  Gage Elementary. The street, from one end to  or (about 3/4 mile ss between Boulder Lake Ave. and dead ends East. This street is HIGHLY used all times during  day and night because   lack  stop signs. And because parents and students are limed to parking in front  Gage Elementary-  street is used as an alternative pick-up and drop-f se.  That said:  crosswalk street markers are faded (if not all but gone), rocks shoot onto neighbors yards, people trip over potholes when crossing  street, dogs get concret stuck in ir paws and cars have tires busted!!! The worst   street is between Boulder Lake Ave and Hudson Dr. Even when Bisby Lake Ave. was finally resurfaced and a proper cross walk was put in on  corner  Highwood Dr. and Bisby Lake, in speaking wh  street crew- y could not believe that Highwood drive was not on ir list!! Instead- y painted right over rocks and pots holes to put in a cross walk. So we FINALLY got a crosswalk but no signage on  road alerting drivers to be cautious. We need a speeding sign due to  many many parents, young drivers and people rushing home on a daily basis who run stop signs on Coleshill Dr. and speed along Highwood Dr. Someone or a pet is going to get killed!  Come on out to San Carlos about 1:30pm or 7:30am- Take Navajo Rd. to Boulder Lake Ave. (North), n turn right onto Highwood Dr. and come s in front  8522 and survey!
900 + 1000 block  Broadway
pothole damaged vehicle in sb right lane
Very large pothole in right hand north bound lane at intersection  Qualcomm way and Camino Del rio north.
Trench across street wh wires hanging out.  One lane section  Columbia St before  merges wh State before Ivy.
Two potholes on right hand side  road just popped two  my tires.  is right as you are making left hand turn from Balboa Ave onto Moraga.
Potholed busy street
Big pot hole and  is deep... in  west bound #2 lane on Carmel Mtn. Road 11600 block near Chick-fil-A Mission federal cred union
Large pothole on Ruffin Rd southbound lanes just south  4200 Ruffin Rd.
HUGE pothole in right lane  Camino del Norte heading West between  freeway and Bernardo Center Drive. Almost takes up  whole lane!
Major pot hole was filled 1 week ago but needs again more asphalt as  original asphalt fill has greatly subsided creating a new virtual new real pot hole as  4:30 pm today. Please fill again southbound lane in sidewalk crossing W. Pt Loma Bl.
Several potholes SE bound lanes just after crossing stoplight at Gleason Rd. Numerous requests. Pls fill asap.
Major pot hole still needs filling west bound in  viciny(actually re are 2-one very large  and one smaller). 3RD REQUEST     Just drive west bound past  trolley overpass, and Morena Bl and you cannot miss  !!!!!        Pls fill ASAP !!!
Balboa Ave eastbound and Shopping Center Dwy (see pic)
Huge pothole in alley
8840 thru 8806 Complex Drive re are potholes and a sinking man hole I've made a map showing locations.
coming out  99 Ranch Market, big and deep pothole in right lane, all exing cars must go over  area, can't avoid. please patch.  entire stretch  Clairemont Mesa Blvd. need to be repaved, road's all cracked and full  holes.
Pothole
Multiple deep potholes
3 x 3 huge pothole in  number two northbound QUALCOMM Way Lane just South  lim line.
SERIOUS ROAD REPAIRS NEEDED NOW on Poway Rd between  I15 and Pomerado Rd,Also on Rancho Penasquos Rd between  I15 and  56.These roads have been in major disrepair for a very long time. I have been driving se roads for  last four years almost every day and y are getting worse every day.I am sure I am not  only person who has contacted  roads  department.Please address se hazards before someone gets injured or killed, that is how bad y are in need  fixing.
Large deep pothole more than two feet across in  Northbound Lanes
Going west
There is a large pothole on  edge   street, where  street meets  concrete for our driveway.  's over 2 feet long and approximately 8"-10" wide and 2" deep.
 crosswalk Seam  Ruffin and sky park court pothole forming / historical problem. Needs patching asap.
Left lane in south bound Ruffin just past solar turbines in front  milary depot. Small pothole.
Large pothole in left lane on southbound Ruffin eir before or after ridgehaven . 4'x2'. Needs patch asap
POTHOLE
pothole NW corner Mt Alifan and Genesee
Pot hole
BIG POT HOLE ON THE SIDE WHERE BUS STOP IS BY STARBUCKS.
Large 3' pothole. East bound Balboa #1 lane.
POTHOLE
As you come to turn left from Hawthorne onto Kettner Blvd,  street is torn up.  This was reported previously.  Now re has been pedestrian striping painted across re.  As you can see on  photos attached  street is still torn up re wh a pothole.  Thanks.
Large pothole on  West side  70th street just North  El Cajon Blvd. Two have been filled, re is a third.  is dangerous, people are swerving from hting  and going into  or lane.
In  left lane just before  spl to 52 re is a giant pot hole
at  driveway for 9045 east bound lanes several pot holes, and  next house to  west but east bound lane pothole before driveway, from 9045 gold coast dr in west bound lanes all  way to Libscomb dr several potholes all on west bound lane  if a super visor could call me back or ck out  area, and see how many patches have been made here. y need a large 4ft patch?  crumbling road leaves rock that get thrown against parked cars  bob Campbell 619.668-2785 thanks bbc



This street has broken pieces  asphalt everywhere and one particular piece still has dirt instead  asphalt.
There is a giant pot hole in  middle   intersection (Carmel Valley Rd and El Camino Real).  While driving east on Carmel Valley Rd and to merge onto  56 East)
Pothole
WB Grand ave
On WB Grand Ave...
On WB Grand Ave.  There are still potholes on WB Grand Ave....
The street that is cy maintained is eroding where  driveway entrance is on BOTH  east and west side   building (two entrances); which makes  rar difficult for smooth entry for employees who have cars wh low prile tires. Please see  included satelle image wh arrows that I included for detail.
Deep potholes in  ltle road
POTHOLE GOING E/B IN LEFT LANE.
Pothole
Multiple, potholes, damaged pavement in front   East driveway, f  Convoy Court, into  property. Potholes also exist on  street, in  Westbound lane  Convoy Court.
3 LARGE POTHOLES AT COLLEGE AV & I-8 OFF RAMP.
8819 gold coast drive west bound large aggravating  pothole. ..many potholes down  street
8961 gold coast drive west bound jarring pothole...also many more down  road
Pothole
In  west bound slow lane 10 feet west  Genessee.   's been filled once wh bags  loose tar ( I saw m doing ) and hole is deep  again.
sidewalks very damaged, also street is very damaged on landis street

pothole is in  intersection   two shopping centers, on Balboa Avenue 5617 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111
Mission Bay Drive needs surface repair.   has several potholes, missing pavement, deep open cracks,  damage runs from  4460-4474 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109 to 4801-4859 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109 on both sides   road north and south, please repair  unsafe road.
Asphalt pavement adjacent to norrn driveway(ex)  U.S. Post Office and next driveway N/O needs A/C patching.
Large pothole , E/B Jackson Dr., just E/O Cowles Mountain Blvd. in #1 lane, adjacent to raised median, needs A/C patch.
5550 Genesee Court East
Large pothole on N/B Lakeshore Dr., just S/O Blue Lake Dr. needs A/C patch again.
POTHOLE (WHERE BASKETBALL CT IS)
Imperial Ave & Lemon Ave have  many potholes, what is being done to repair  street?


POTHOLE
Rancho Carmel Road is filled wh 4 " deep 24" wide pot holes!!!  entire stretch from Ted Williams to  Carmel Mountain Rd.  Blvd needs to be re paved. THe rains have broken apart  asphault. A car almost h me today trying to swerve to miss  giant holes!!! ITs horribl. You will have many law sues on your hands soon for tire and shock repairs. We are starting a petionand will go to Turko if need be to finally get some action. Please fix that road.
There is big pothole about 1 foot wide by 4 feet long right before  Carmel Contry Road in  fast line in  56 eastbound
canyon-diggings in mission-hills san-diego ca-92103reference #484466dear-sirs ...on 2/20/2017  company ppm-contracting ...ppmcontracting@att.nethttp://www.statsinfiny.com/domain/xafgwshwmbzmw3ugbgt4ua.._info.htmladministrative contact:taylor, greg email  ppmcontracting@att.net1150 harborview lncarlsbad, california 92008(760) 822-8286(760) 754 2848... did dig-up an open-trench deep-dch on  public-street at  sourn-end   no-outlet ?bear-drive san-diego ca-92103? ? and  long-trench is still seemingly-uncompleted ...... so ... will re be anor-month  dust-and-dirt ...? ... ...  lengthy-event keeps-inconveniencing resident-traffic, emergency-vehicles, postal-vans, garbage-trucks, taxi-cabs, and commercial-deliveries at  cul-de-sac ?bear-drive san-diego ca-92103? ...thank-you again for your-attention to se-matters ?-------- Beginning  forwarded message  --------13.03.2017, 14:18, "equaly and digny" <equalyanddigny@yandex.com>:canyon-diggings in mission-hills san-diego ca-92103dear sirs ? sourn-part   lot 451-400-04 at address ?3520 dove-court san-diego ca-92103? was being developed under cy--san-diego project # pts 18262, but n expired uncompleted ?now fresh diggings are ongoing on  construction-se accessible from  sourn-end   no-outlet ?bear-drive san-diego ca-92103? still unfenced wh open-trenches presenting visible-signs  deep-erosion   steep-slopes ?thank-you for your-attention to -matter ?http://docs.sandiego.gov/councildockets_attach/2009/February/02-24-2009_em_340_Part_1__2.pdfhttp://docs.sandiego.gov/councildockets_attach/2009/February/02-24-2009_em_340_Part_2__2.pdf-------- End  forwarded message --------
POTHOLE S/B NEAR MISS ACCIDENT
You did such a great job in  nothboud number one lane near Aero Dr. Could you smooth out  northbound Lane near 4760 Murphy Canyon Rd?  getting rough re. Thanks for listening.
There is a pothole on  street that is getting worse as cars drive over .  I am worried  will damage  cars on  street.
Pothole about foot and a half long
POTHOLE AT ROUND ABOUT. SOUTH WEST AREA
POTHOLE
West bound late
West bound lane
POTHOLE AT TOP OF LA JOLLA PY AFTER THE I-5 ENTRANCE. TIRE DAMAGE.
POTHOLE
Patched area in left eastbound lane gave in
POTHOLES AND CRACKS EVERYWHERE
POTHOLES. OW.
POTHOLE
The entire stretch  San Pasqual road that  cy is responsible between Bear Valley and RT78 is ltered w/ decaying asphalt and potholes. Need repair ASAP. Please expede process immediately.  is a heavily travelled road between High School, Safari Park, Ofilia Winery, Mall and Highway 15.
Pothole
POTHOLE SEC AT THE INTERSECTION OF SHOPPING CENTER DRIVEWAY
Potholes everywhere cracks all over  street. Gutter butted next to asphalt deteriorated, all  adjacent streets have been paved but Coleman.. gets more traffic and heavy use than  streets that were paved..
3in deep pothole, i got flat tire here
Pot hole making right turn
Long pothole along west side  third street between redwood and quince.
Pothole left lane driving east after Eagle St
Hello,I have attached photos  potholes that need to be repaired on 35th Street between  cross streets Monroe and Madison. (Normal Heights area) The potholes are in front  4522-4538 35th Street San Diego CA 92116. Please let me know when we can expect se potholes to be repaired.Thank you,Anne McNicholl619-300-1142
Numerous large potholes on college avenue both north and south between del Cerro boulevard and  f/on ramps  I-8, college Ave ex
There is cut in  street from  median to  or side   road which is uneven if  current road currents.
When driving on Black Mountain, re are two potholes in  bike lane.  The pot holes are near a traffic light pole.   is at  intersection  Carmel Mountain Road and Black Mountain Road.
There is a pothole around 8695 New Salem Street, San Diego, CA.  92126
Big pothole
Numerous potholes in and around intersection  Rosecrans and Sports Arena Blvd
multiple large Asphalt potholes  4655  to  4711 Mission Bay Dr  92109  North Bound  East lane
multiple large Asphalt potholes   Mission Bay Dr  & Magnolia  North Bound  East lane
multiple large Asphalt potholes  4555  Mission Bay Dr  92109  North Bound  East lane
also multiple  Asphalt potholes 2801 Damon  North Bound  lane
Multiple Asphalt potholes  at entrance to Rose Canyon Operation Yard   3775 Morena Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117  North Bound  West lane
POTHOLE
POTHOLE - ALSO 8961 AND 8977 GOLD COAST DR
POTHOLES 9035/9055/9085 GOLD COAST DR
POTHOLE

Pothole broke my rim.
The pothole is in  northbound travel lane.   is about 12"x12"; 's been re for at least 60 days.  Seriously, you need a picture???
There are 3 westbound lanes here.  The pothole is in  middle westbound lane.  I h  in  dark on March 17th and thought I might have flattened my tire.  This is a BIG one.  I checked  out as I was returning home during daylight.
Sink hole at intersection  Marlow and Loma Alta. Several sink holes appeared after  heavy rain along Loma Alta Drive
The pothole is starting to spread on Golfcrest. This is not a good sign if  isn't addressed before  next rainfall.
Massive pothole on SB Morena Blvd near  I-8E entrance. Under  freeway overpass. The shadow from  overpass made  extra dark and hard to see.
Three potholes from aqumeil to casa

Lots  potholes!!!!


In alley
The concrete street apron at  intersection  Van Nuys Street and Van Nuys Court is in terrible condion.  My wife has tripped on  cracked and broken section  street and I've heard that a neighborhood kid has fallen while skate boarding.  The cy is in  process  repaving  streets in our neighborhood and I would like to request that  apron is replaced in advance  repaving.  Thanks for your consideration.  Bill Pieren 1108 Van Nuys Street (619) 368-1675
Multiple potholes along northbound Ulric St.
Going west before overland. Several
North lane prior to Cam Del Rio N
Right hand lane five hundred feet after freeway towards savon drugs
24" diam pothole
A huge pothole at  corner  Kearney Mesa/9800 Miramar Blvd.  Next to Shell Gas Station.  Also, many potholes continue down  street at 9400 Kearney Mesa Road.  's obvious no attention has been given to  street in a long time.
Pothole in front   FBI building
Intersection pavement in terrible shape. Potholes everywhere
Access to Morley Field baseball parking. West (inbound) lane.
Pothole heading west on La Jolla Parkway
2 Pot holes on  left lane going west into La Jolla. Width about  size  width  tire.
Busted street
Multiple potholes on northwest corner  6th and Hawthorne effecting incoming traffic turning onto Hawthorne.
Multiple potholes
Pothole on right side  street, going north.
Pothole
Potholes.  least 4.

Pothole is a foot square long on Navajo Road at Bisby Lake eastbound next to Dental Expressions
On  ramp to airport, re is a pothole right on ramp get f 5.
Pothole
Potholes over railway tracks.
Pothole
Deep pothole
Pothole east bound Clairemont drive right lane.
Road is sinking, creating a large dip.  is closer to  median on Penasquos Dr heading south.
  corner  Mt. Alifan Dr/Genesee Ave. going west on Mt. Alifan, right lane a large pothole has been re for a long time. About 1/2  pothole was filled. They must have run out  blacktop because  work was never finished. This is a highly trafficked area between Horizon & Pacific Bluffs condo development. Please put a rush on completing  work
West bound
Potholes on  northbound and southbound  College Avenue from Del Cerro Boulevard to  eastbound entry to Interstate 8.
The street in my cul da sac has at least three potholes and damaged streets throughout my nieghborhood continue to put unnessacary damage to my families cars .
Several dangerous potholes on curves here
Anor pothole has recently popped up a ltle passed  already fixed pothole
Pothole sinking road keeps getting bigger and bigger I have to always drive around  whole road on  stop sign to avoid driving over  road. 's no longer a pothole but a pretty messed up road unstable for cars. A truck or SUV 's ok.

Pothole
Cracked asphalt at lower end  Gesner Street on both sides.
Pothole on f ramp to Aldine from fairmount






 looks more like  beginning  a  sinkhole.   is on 47th St. down  hill from  intersection  47th and Fairmont.
4-6 inch deep "cluster"  pot holes at  intersection  East Bound Carmel Valley Road and El Camino Real in Del Mar, CA


Just before stop at entrance to Jonas Salk elementary school.
 sw corner right lane as you approach light from west 2 huge holes
Pot holes on navajo past park ridge heading west
Rancho Carmel Drive from Evening Creek Dr. N to Carmel Mt. from  Hwy 56 overpass north is getting worse by  day. I have a semi new car and I am afraid to drive  road as 's HORRIBLE....so many potholes re is no safe part   road to drive. This must be fixed asap as 's a well traveled road and 's causing major problems for car maintenance as well as how dangerous  is for bicyclists.
3 potholes in  northbound lane


Deep pothole
SEVERAL LAGE POTHOLES COLLEGE AV NORTHBOUND AT INTERSTATE 8 OVERPASS.
Many potholes in  left lane.
Rancho Carmel Dr from  Evening Creek Dr. N to Carmel Mt. Road is One Giant Pothole This road was used as an I-15 Bypass during construction on  15 and has never been repaired. The surface is one pothole after anor for  full length VERY HAZARDOUS!
Pothole
Several potholes, very dangerous. Right f  freeway.
Bad series  pot holes in that North bound lane. A few very deep ones.
Numerous potholes line  street. And  looks as if 's prepared to be re-surfaced but nothing has been done. Emergency vehicles must slow down to avoid m.
Potholes and ruts
Landlord just keeps filling  up wh crap, doesn't fix  problem.
Pot hole
After  workmen finished upgrading  underground pipes etc. . . . The street started sinking around  manhole.  People are now driving on  wrong side   road to avoid  pothole.   People hting  pothole at  posted speed lim are over correcting and swerving nearly missing  parked cars.  This is an accident waing to happen.
Deep Pothole on balboa avenue. east  genesee just past entrance to shopping center.Looks like a bad repair was done, I h  pothole in my car and  jarred my steering wheel very hard.
Navajo Rd, south side between College Ave and Patrick Henry HS
On  south side  Dupont Street just west   intersection wh Silvergate Ave, re is a large area  water erosion from winter rain storms.  This is a pedestrian hazard and also no cars can park re.  Erosion goes as much as 12 inches deep.
Pothole in
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
There potholes on  road close to  elementary school
Pothole
2 big potholes here
Big pothole in crosswalk trip hazard
Numerous potholes north bound rancho carmel rd, between Provenal place and shoal creek
Pothole in intersection Westbound balboa & Shopping Center Dr
Several potholes in  three way intersection and just as you make a right turn and head south.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE ON NATIONAL BLVD 100 FT EAST OF THE 38TH ST INTERSECTION.
There is a series  pot holes on  Morena Blvd.  I live right near  street and I see  pot hole everyday and  scares me. And  course today I wasn't able to dodge  pot hole and my tire was damaged. I think s very unsafe, because re is few pot holes in a row. Even if someone dodges  first one and think y are safe, y are h wh a bigger and more dangerous pot holes that follow.
Pothole
These potholes are hazardous!!
Several potholes

Potholes in north and south lanes  Parkdale Ave near Gold Coast Drive
Potholes on Greenford Drive near Hillery Drive. Thank you.
Pot hole on west bound lanes near Dennys
Deep pot hole
Severe pot holes and cracks in  road
Pothole  & faded paint
Can't get a photo as re's no place to pull over, but right lane just before  ex onto 15 N
Just past  entrance to 15N re is a pothole in  right lane westbound.
s more or less in  area but an existing patch to a pothole has opened up and is worse than ever. Left lane on santo after  high school before clairemont Mesa blvd.  Very bad.
Trench dug in street has not been closed up since being dug up to lay utilies.
Left lane going east on El Cajon Blvd pass 60th St
Lots  potholes on South bound Clairemony Dr on left hand lane.
Sinkhole getting worst as vehicles drive over . Located on 1951 47th street.
There are huge potholes and loose macadam/ gravel in  Estelle Place Alley, not shown on  map. The Cy  SD is responsible for maintaining  road.This is a potential safety issue. There are many delivery vehicles, cars, people, and pets that use  alley several times a day.  would be terrible if someone fell or was injured due to .The entire alley needs to be repaved.  has been patched many times and needs complete replacement.
Large pothole affecting both lanes, middle  street
Pot hole
Intersection  Fairmount Ave northbound and Alvarado Canyon Rd pothole in  middle   intersection
Potholes next to  address
huge rectangular pothole and few smaller ones, filled about a month or so ago, back again.  Possibly causing damage to vehicles turning f  or onto Bernardo Oaks Dr.
Barnett to Rosecrans NW lane (along  businesses) needs a lot  repair. From potholes to large cracks
We have  BEST potholes. THE BEST.
There is a giant pothole entering  94 freeway from college Ave
Pothole
Deep pothole in  right hand lane  southbound Genesee Ave about 20 yards south   cross street Mt Alifan
Pothole
Pot holes in street, multiple, pedestrian & car trip hazards
Multiple Potholes going east.
Multiple potholes going east have reopened.
Large pothole right side  street going west.
Pothole in front  driveway next to mailboxes by 8093 Nightingale Way. Causing damage to my car.
Large pothole on right side  road going west.
Big potholes on northbound College Ave at I-8
Big potholes on  street ,hard to drive
In  crosswalk
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE AT THE ADDRESS.
large pothole about half way down access road on  west side  road
Huge and deep (> 1 ft) pothole on intersection  old town ave and San Diego ave. please fix ASAP. I need to get my axle replaced because  all se potholes!!!
WHOLE STREET NEEDS REPAIRS, RESURFACE!
Right lane has potholes for 25-50 yard stretch.
Right and center lane has potholes for 50  - 75 yard stretch.
Pothole at  intersection and for  next 100 yards.
Potholes before and after  intersection going east on Pomerado rd.
Multiple small potholes.
Pothole getting bigger. 's been re for months whout a fix. Cy  San Diego is liable for any car damage
Potholes on  right lane turning into Miramar Rd from Pomerado Rd (right after your pass  bridge over 15 Freeway) .  was previously reported a month ago and yet to be fixed.
Potholes/uneven surface on section 25-50 yards  before Scripps Ranch Blvd when going west on Pomerado Rd.
Potholes/uneven surface on section 15-30 yards  before Willow Creek Rd when going west on Pomerado Rd.
Potholes in  westbound lane at  intersection  Universy avenue and Boundary St.
Potholes
Huge
In alley east  house between Orange and Polk...construction n continual water breaks and neighbor wh heavy 3 ton truck have caused  temporary patches to dissolve. Needs to be fixed right away as cars are getting stuck and damaged
POTHOLES NORTH BOUND AND SOUTH BOUND ON CONVOY ALL THE WAY TO CLAIREMONT MESA
Uneven surface/cracks/potholes on  center lane for an entire section spanning 100 yards when going east on Scripps Poway Parkway.
Part   road has sunk down creating a large "lip".  I almost lost control  my old pickup when I went over  bump... s very dangerous...
There is a large pothole in front   driveway that  owner   house continually runs over backing out.
Hot hole at intersection by Crosswalk on Avati EB at Huerfano
Rancho Carmel Drive between Carmel Mountain Rd and Evening Creek Dr N is full  pot holes and cracks and has been  way for years and is getting worse every day.  This stretch  road really needs to be resurfaced.  My HOA claims that  cy keeps saying that y are going to fix , but still haven't yet.  I'm just submting  request as a resident   area to say that 's a problem and hopefully  cy can fix  soon.
THREE POTHOLES
SEVERAL POTHOLES THROUGHOUT EASTBOUND ZION  ALL THE WAY BETWEEN WARING AND MISSION GORGE
This pothole is near anor one that was just repaired. When backing out  our gate or trying to turn around at  end   street  is impossible to avoid .  is a serious hazard to any vehicle not an SUV. We know  at least one vehicle that has been damaged already.
This area is near or potholes that have recently been filled. I don't know why  was overlooked.
Several potholes at  south end   intersection wh Voltaire St in  crosswalk  and needs filling please.  Multiple previous requests.   Thanks.
Major pothole SE bound still a major hazard please fill asap. Multiple previous requests. Don't you think 's time now ???
Please fill pothole in  approximately area in  south bound lane. Multiple previous requests. Thanks.
Anor pothole in  approximately viciny in  south bound lane and needs filling. Multiple previous requests.
Sabre Springs Parkway was resurfaced in 2016 from Poway Road to Evening Creek Drive North. The cy has not come back to finish  job from Evening Creek Dr. N to Carmel Mountain Road (name changes to Rancho Carmel Dr.). The section  road from  Hwy 56 overpass north is getting worse by  day.
Large pothole at intersection  Northbound El Camino Real and Eastbound Carmel Valley Rd.
Growing pothole at intersection  Carmel Valley Road and El Camino Real upon exing 5 North.
Potholes
Potholes
Multiple small potholes have been getting larger wh each rain, needs repair
Multiple small potholes on balboa arms dr needs repair getting larger ever rainy day
1 foot pothole was only 6 inches last rainy day
POTHOLE IN THE ROAD FROM PRIOR REPAIRS
There are some utily cuts that haven't been filled in completely and y're pretty deep causing some serious car damages.
There is a pothole/street damage right in front  our parking lot.  seems to get a b worse every day.
Numerous potholes exist along Clairemont Mesa Blvd in both directions from 163 to Antigua Blvd.
Numerous potholes exist along Antigua Blvd from Clairemont Mesa Blvd to Apple Tree Drive
Numerous potholes exist along  entire stretch  Repecho Drive.
large pothole on street
POTHOLE N/B
Pothole in  intersection  fourth Avenue and E Street downtown
Many large potholes in center lane heading west bound from  15 interstate freeway.

Ex hwy 8 going east onto college going north
Pothole
There are two large potholes in  area. One is in  intersection  La Jolla Shores Drive and El Paseo Grande.  The second is 20 yards west   intersection  La Jolla Shores Drive and El Paseo Grande on El Paseo Grande.Addionally  appears a sink hole is starting on La Jolla Shores Drive at Monte Carlo about 40 yards north   intersection  La Jolla Shores Drive and El Paseo Grande.  Alot  work is needed in  area.
Improper repair to street after water leak. Our streets were replaced last summer and  is a mess .
POTHOLE, W/B ON MT ALIFAN JUST WEST OF GENESEE!
I nearly killed myself  morning on  road due to  unsafe number  cracks, potholes, dches, and groves on  stretch   road. The number  potholes are countless
On Stalmet near Linda Vista Rd closest cross street. Multiple gaping holes, cars have to swerve around.
Pothole
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE ON BILLOW & SKYLINE INTERSECTION.
Pothole
Pothole
The Correa Middle School retaining wall project  2016 cuased  lower half  Valeta street to suffer severe damage furr complicated by rain reafter, and was not immediately repaired as was  area just in front   school and along  whole length  Famosa St to  overpass. This road damage is leading to multiple hazards along wh unavoidable vehicular damage and needs to be addressed and or covered by  school district who funded  wall project leading to  damage.  is disgraceful  school/district staff would leave  neighborhood streets in  manner for  residents following cosmetic improvements to  school which limed streetside parking for over a year.
On  I-15 south on  left lane at  very end at  light re is a HUGE pothole on  left side.   is very dangerous for motorcycles and bad for alignment on cars. Wh  number  motorcycles that drive  I-15 into  Naval Base  is a very dangerous issue to have.
Multiple large potholes and deep cracks you have to swerve to avoid. Getting worse since so many use  road
There's holes on  road.   stop sign from airway road and Otay Mesa Road. In front  High School by  Tennis courts.
 hole is about 2 feet deep - cars have to avoid at last minute and swerve into  next lane -  morning a motorcycle had to avoid  and if he had h  he would have been launched
Pothole
Large new pothole in intersection  El Paseo Grande and LJ Shores Blvd.  Anor new pothole in Northbound LJ Shores just north   intersection.
The right turn lane at south bound Ruffin Rd to West bound Aero Dr is torn up in  last 20-30 feet   turn lane. This affects  safety  bicyclist and cars everyday trying to avoid falling in  bad asphalt and popping a tire or breaking a rim. 's been like  for a loonngg time.
Multiple in intersection
Large, very deep pothole in #1 lane Eastbound Balboa Ave

Many potholes on Genesee Ave and Linda Vista Rd.
several pothole on genesee ans richland
 is an area in  street near  corner which has a deep ridge (hole) which is about 10 inches wide and 10 feet long left by street repair.  s a danger to bicyclists and car tires.  is near  corner   7-11.
Pothole on souast side  street on Linda Vista Rd (going north)

In ped crossing by intersection on eastbound side.
To potholes on eastbound Pomerado Road at  Avenue  nations intersection. One pothole on west side and one pothole on east side  intersection both eastbound.
West side corner  Collier Ave and 54th St
Pothole on Ruffin Rd between clairemont blvd and Sky park
Potholes on Aldine framp
Damaged road wh water leak.
POTHOLES GETTING WORSE ON COLLEGE AV. BTWN ALVARADO & DEL CERRO IN BOTH DIRECTIONS.
2 large, deep potholes, approx 20" in diameter.
The area is a long construction related trench for utilies that started f as flush wh  road surface but over  months  construction has sunk lower and lower until now drivers have to go around  instead  driving across .
Pothole west/southbound lane
Large pothole west bound Mira Mesa Blvd. @ south bound Black Mtn. Rd.
Numerous potholes on North bound Ingraham St between Missouri and Chalcendony St.
ONE LARGE, DEEP POTHOLE AND THREE SMALLER ONES ON MORENA BL. RAMP GOING TO BALBOA AV.
Turning left to stalmer st. On Linda Vista st. 92111
Middle street big hole
Second request:30 by 18 inch pothole on West side  Mt. Albertine Ave. just North  4055 Mt. Albertine Ave.  South  Mt. Albertine Court. is on  bulge side   curve going down  street to Mt. Aguilar Dr.Cars and trucks cut short on  bulge and h  pothole enlarging  and sounds like y are coming into my house at6548 Mt. Adelbert Dr., which is on  corner  Mt Albertine Ave. and Mt. Adelbert Dr.  Filling  would be Appreciated. Thank You.
Pothole east bound
Multiple deep and sharp potholes on both sides  free in all 4 lanes in all directions. 's just crazy sharp hole too many too count.
Potholes forming daily on balboa arms drive, needs repair before  gets worse
Foot long pothole
Potholes
Tons  potholes on balboa arms for years!!!

Multiple Pot holes in one place
 is more than a pothole.  is a 10 ft section that is rutted, lifted, broken pavement .  See photos. s dangerous.
Just one  probably hundreds  potholes created by  same contractor. This needs immediate attention. There are many ors all over  neighborhood where  contractor worked a few weeks ago. Don't just repair  contractor's negligence, fix  contractor and system. The cy should not pay for . The entire road should be repaired.
Rapidly degrading pothole created by utily contractor. One  many such holes made and negligently "repaired."
re is a stretch  road going south from Windcrest Lane to  Ted Williams Parkway on both lanes that are full  potholes
This entire intersection is terrible, but re is a large pothole forming
Large pothole covering  entire area at  end   f ramp
Pothole on  right lane going west next to  chain link fence bordering Montgomery Field.
A number  deep potholes on northbound Morena Blvd, south  Avati Dr.
When you go south to turn from Smy Ave to Ay Ave, re are about 2-3 potholes on  crosswalk area.
Pothole
Pothole
There's about a dozen potholes on  westbound lane  Marlesta Dr. between Auburndale St and Genesee Ave. They slowly keep getting bigger.
8" deep pothole 3' wide
There is a large, deep pothole on Jackson and Cowles Mtn Blvd in  left lane heading south on Jackson.
Large pothole in left turning lane
There are several big and deep potholes, approximately 4 - 6 inches deep on  15th freeway ex at 32nd Street. Poses a very dangerous suation for vehicles coming out   freeway since vehicles don't stop at  intersection traffic light if  light is green. Vehicles have to swerve to  right  lane to avoid hting  potholes. Potholes are not easily visible at night due to poor street lighting.
Both north and southbound between  freeway and Del Cerro Boulevard
When you come f  freeway 15 south exing Harbor Drive to go to 32 street Naval Base, right before you get to  first light,  I believe  cross street is Norman Scott road, re are three HUGE pot holes about 5"- 6" deep and about 1' -  2' in diameter.  These pot holes have been re for about 3 months now  and a motorcyclist h  wh his motorcycle  morning and almost crashed into  cars that are waing at  light.  This is very much a safety issue!  These three pot holes are located right before you get to  stop light. There is no way to take pictures as  is unsafe to get out  your car.
Miscellaneous street potholes whin  800 block  Tarento Drive.
CUSTOMER says re is a bike path maintained by  cy on Riverwalk that has been erroded by  rain needs to be asphalted.
 could cave in.
Eb balboa and shopping center driveway. 24" + pothole / pavement failure in #1 lane. Vehs swerve to miss  creating hazard .
Potholes at intersection  Genesee Ave. and Linda Vista.
Pothole at intersection  Marlesta Dr and Chasewood
2 POTHOLES
Several potholes in intersection  Clairemont Dr & Denver St
Pot hole in  crosswalk at 10th and F is a mean one !
2 feet in diameter
After a pipe repair y patched  hole wh asphalt instead  replacing  concrete, & now  asphalt is caving in making a sharp concrete edge that could puncture a tire. I drive  daily... is a major hazard. Please fix  wh concrete.
Large and deep pothole in  westbound lane  Upas
Please fix .
Please fix .
Please fix .

Large pothole eastbound Twain Avenue just before Mission Gorge Rd.  Just before you can turn into  Jack in  Box.
Small pothole eastbound Friars Rd, #2 lane, just befor Mission Gorge Rd.  is right at  traffic triangle.
POTHOLE
Huge pothole right on  f-ramp on  leftmost lane. I've heard  many people complaining about  amount  stress  one puts on  car. Also, 's on an elevated on-ramo, so if re were an accident here  would be catastrophic!!!
Pot  3x4 ft long starting from fairemont.
Large pot hole
There has been a lot  wonderful repaving  roads in  area.  I am unsure why Highwood Drive was not repaved at that time.  The full length   is in horrible shape and  is  road that runs right next to Gage Elementary.   is very sad and unacceptable that  road is driven and used by so many in  communy, and  remains in such poor condion.  There are many potholes along s length.
Pot holes Vallecos and W El paseo Grande
There is a pot hole at  intersection  Amaro and El Comal (on El Comal)
There is a large pothole going south on Linda Vista Road, just past  intersection  Linda Vista Rd and Genesee Ave.
Pothole
Potholes
POTHOLES
There are numerous potholes in  southbound lane  Harbor Drive at  intersection  Sampson Street.  The potholes are getting worse daily and affect vehicles travelling southbound on Harbor Drive and those turning left from northbound Harbor Drive onto Sampson Street.
BROKEN TRIANGULAR MONUMENT NEEDS TO BE FILLED IN
There are 2 decent potholes on southbound Linda Vista, one right before  Ulric intersection and one right after.  They have been re for a while.
From ex f 15-N to Camino Del Norte. Pothole traveling towards Bernardo Center Drive.
Deep pothole, whole wheel can f in pothole. Makes corner  car dip-in
SUNKEN TRENCH 4X4
Giant potholes due to construction
POTHOLE
Pothole on  northbound lane crossing from Universy to Wabash from  805N / Universy f ramp. I have to dodge  ever time I get f  freeway. Looks like re are many ors who take  route to Lincoln.
Huge pothole hazardous to pedestrians and bicyclists
Multiple potholes
E/B, #1 LANE, POTHOLE
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Pothole
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT MT ACKERLY AT MT ACLAIRE & MT ALVAREZ & MT ACOMITA
Pothole
Pothole
POTHOLE
There's a sizable hole in  street on 9th Avenue just before Beech Street in front   Discovery at Cortez Hill Garage Entrance. A cone currently covers  hole but  still poses a danger.
Numerous potholes f  8E college ave ex headed North (Del Cerro).  Potholes are immediately upon turning left onto college.
There are multiple potholes in  alley between Idaho St. and Oregon St. from Universy Ave. to Lincoln Ave.
Potholes in  eastbound lanes in  601-699 block  West Washington St.
several potholes westbound friars rd west  napa
Huge Pot Hole NB Texas Street right north interstate 8 Freeway
s right around  corner  Grim Ave and Upas St
The asphalt in  road is completely torn up wh debris constantly on  road.  The best way to describe  is  looks as if  was a dirt road; wh loose gravel.  (Children cannot play in  streets/ride bikes because  ground is loose.)
Deep pothole about 1 ft wide
Potholes
Multiple potholes whin feet  each or, ranging 2 to 3 foot wide
Potholes
Old pothole patchwork coming undone. Uncovered old pothole
POTHOLE
Old road repair patchwork sinking into street 2 to 3 inch deep and 4 to 5 foot across
W/B 4-5 POTHOLES
Greg's test.  Do not process.
Three potholes in intersection  62nd St and Estelle St. One is brutal because  sneaks up on you.
s getting pretty hard to dodge all  se potholes, 's basically f-road Ing at  point on both sides   street.
Pothole after pothole
Nasty potholes ride by and in front   bus stop
These potholes are getting bigger up and down  street
Potholes are getting deeper and wider
Multiple pot holes in  eastbound (or northbound?) lane  Crown Point Drive.Multiple pot holes in  middle   road.  East (north?)  intersection  Ingraham Street and Crown Point Drive.
Huge pot hole.  5 inches deep and half  lane wide
Just after  crosswalk is a pothole on  right and a pothole on  left. If you stay in  right lane re's no way you don't h one   potholes
Number 1 lane westbound
Pot hole near  top   ridge. In right lane.
Pot hole that is in east bound, right lane.
Pot hole in center  lane, right lane, not freeway traffic lanes.  East bound. About 50 yards roughly (west   15) from  actual freeway (I-15).
20 POTHOLES
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
POTHOLES
SOUTH BOUND VISTA SORRENTO ...A DOZEN POTHOLES BTWN LUSK & MIRA SORRENTO PL
Pothole in southbound lane.
Big crater near  curve on  road
Plenty  deep craters here
Huge new pothole on Woodbine Way. Anor pothole repaired on same street yesterday and  one pops up. Many or potholes whin a hundred feet  each or. Please advise. Thanks
BEFORE OVERPASS  BAD POTHOLE  ON FAST LANE
Pothole in left lane
Pothole at Aldine ex
Pothole at  intersection  Mission Center Rd and Murray Ridge Rd was not filled appropriately. Patch is sinking and becoming a pothole again. This needs to be fixed correctly
Near north west corner
 street  Rancho Carmel Drive between Ted Williams Parkway and where  road ends on Carmel Mountain Rd (not where  crosses Carmel Mountain Rd) is so full  potholes  whole road is lined wh m in both directions. Both lanes are terrible south  where  crosses carmel mountain rd but  right lanes in both directions north  carmel mountain are less damaged than  left lanes.
Pothole
Road condion on Birch creek is horrible and needs to be fixed.
In far right north bound lane very large pothole about 4ft x 5ft. Just north  8 freeway.
Eastbound Washington left lane, just west  Dove st
Large depression 2' diameter, 4-6 inches deep. Looks like previous patch, something has failed underneath.
several small but very deep potholes
This entire road from Ted Williams Parkway to Carmel Mountain Road is in terrible shape.

Pothole near 2426 loans rd, del Mar ca 92014
Potholes
Multiple potholes
Potholes in road
Seriously?
Right lane in front  McDonalds
Pothole
This street is becoming dangerous.  You almost have to swerve out   way to avoid some   larger potholes.  This looks like  was attempted to be fixed but  didn't even put a dent in  problem.  This whole street from 56 to Carmel Mtn. Road needs to be fixed as soon as possible.
There are several deep potholes on  section  College Avenue.
Pothole at L and 28th street
BIG pothole in  left lane!
Confirming submted pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes at west bound Balboa left lane.
The intersection  Plum St and Lowell coming from ocean beach is a mess.Multiple temporary repairs have been unsuccessful and we need a more permanent repair.I'm sure 's expensive but let's get on 
Large pot hole after  concrete section
s in  right hand lane as you head north on Mission Gorge almost at  intersection. 's probably two feet across.
Large pothole, westbound Navajo, right lane
Pothole 22nd &Market st
Large Pothole in  middle   road.  appeared to have been a previous repair, but  didn't hold up.
The whole street needs to be fixed potholes both sides running up and down Coronado Avenue
Large pothole on  south side  Zion right before Clara Lee Ave
Massive potholes on Garnet at Cass on  N W corner just before  ramp up to  sidewalk. Impossible for wheelchair to navigate
Pot holes on Garnet at Everts N W corner just before ramp up to sidewalk. Very difficult for wheelchairs.
Massive potholes on N E corner  Garnet at Everts just before  ramp up to sidewalk. Impossible for wheelchairs.
Terrible drop in street on Garnet at  Strandway. See people falling & badly tripping.
large pothole in alley behind address. vehicle stuck
Very large potholes going north on college right after  college avenue east ex f  I-8
There's about 100 feet  damaged road on Sunset Ridge just south  Spring Canyon Rd. This is not just a pothole!
Huge and deep pothole on northbound lane between  two stoplights.
Bad potholes on Rancho Bernardo Rd at Bernardo Oaks eastbound to Poway cy line.
Menlo Ave between Monroe Ave and El Cajon Blvd is ltered wh potholes. 's a driving hazard.
Both sides  Rancho Carmel Dr between Provenal Pl and Shoal Creek Dr. are filled wh potholes, faded road striping, gravel in  bike lanes from  deteriorating roadway and is one   worst major roadways in Carmel Mountain Ranch. According to  Cy  San Diego webse for road repairs,  was supposed to be repaved last October and still nothing has been done except for putting  useless asphalt in  holes that just washes away every time  rains. Please move forward wh a total repair   main artery.
Large pothole in  approximately location needs immediate filling on west bound right lane. Multiple previous requests. Thanks.


Sorry  picture is bad and 's dark out, but  potholes run all  way up and down  street

This is a second report that I am submting about  issue. Part   road from 9404 to 9494 Otay Mesa Road is covered in Potholes.  seems that some repairs were attempted but re is a lot more holes still needed to be fixed. Please fix  all. Thank you.
All over clairemont Mesa Blvd. Dangerous for bikes.
Going east on  right lane just after  bridge. Pothole re getting bigger
Going north on  right lane pothole on College Ave (just pass Adams Ave)
Pot hole eastbound clairemont mesa blvd. East  Overland rd
Long deep rid  a pothole maybe 100 feet long. Stretches from before Jade coast through  intersection. Right where a bicycle would be inclined to ride. Has been re for a long time.
Potholes
Huge pot hole right in front   freeway entrance
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Rancho Carmel is deplorable!!! 's dangerous to drive on! I'm sick in tired  hearing excuses on why  road has not been repaved! Even KUSI News did a report on how BAD & DANGEROUS Rancho Carmel Drive is!
Rancho Carmel is deplorable!!! 's dangerous to drive on! I'm sick in tired  hearing excuses on why  road has not been repaved! Even KUSI News did a report on how BAD & DANGEROUS Rancho Carmel Drive is!
Rancho Carmel is deplorable!!! 's dangerous to drive on! I'm sick in tired  hearing excuses on why  road has not been repaved! Even KUSI News did a report on how BAD & DANGEROUS Rancho Carmel Drive is!
Pothole is located at  San Diego Ave and Old Town Ave cross light on  turn left lane onto San Diego Ave.
Rancho Carmel Drive (between Ted Williams Parkway & Carmel Mountain Road) ending at  Olive Garden is one   most badly damaged roads I have driven on in San Diego (re are numerous potholes & excessive road damage posing a big risk to drivers & pedestrians) Your urgent attention to resurfacing  road will be greatly appreciatedSincerely Daniel Weiss (858) 602-6056
Potholes on  right lane on west bound Balboa Ave.
Rectangular shaped pothole in  4th lane from  right
14x14" pothole, about 6" deep. This is in  right turn lane on southbound Black Mountain Road onto westbound Mira Mesa Boulevard.
Rectangular pothole in far right lane
Corner  j street and 17th street re are a bunch  deep potholes by  crosswalk
Pothole
There is a pothole at Bluffside Drive and Mission Bay Drive
Multiple large potholes on navajo between cowells mountain down to college avenue.


Pothole at Lamont Street and Beryl Street
Really big pothole
Potholes going uphill. Main one just before turn lane to Burgener Blvd
Intrestction  C and 33rd
Rancho Carmel Drive (from Evening Creek Dr N.) to Carmel Mountain Road really needs resurfacing. The road is in terrible shape re and getting worse by  day.
There is a large pothole in  AC pavement at  cross gutter crossing Melborurne Drive on  east part   street (north bound lane).
Multiple potholes
There is a huge pothole in  north bound lane  Qualcomm way just south  Camino Del Rio North (in  right lane).
The is a very large pot hole on east bound Camino De La Reina west  Camino De La Siesta and east  Avenida Del Rio.  The pothole is near  right edge   pavement in what would be  bike lane if re was one.   is at  eastern edge  163 overpass.
There are two GINORMOUS potholes on  street. One  m is at least a foot and a half deep! This is extremely dangerous!!
There is a massive pothole on south bound Park Blvd just south  El Cajon Blvd (also just south  Normal Street).  This pot hole was fixed a few weeks ago, but after  last rains all   repair work unraveled and  LARGE pot hole is back.
There is a HUGE pothole (at least 4ft x 4ft and 6" deep) on Qualcomm Way heading North right before  intersection  Camino Del Rio N in  right hand lane.
SDG & E covered pipe in hole
There is a very large pot hole in  middle   road, almost took my wheel f  morning. 's on Friars road, west  Pacific Highway/east  Sea World Drive on  west bound lane in  middle   road just before/under  bridges.
Big pothole on left lane on south Fairmont under Hwy 8 overpass
Read 3 foot sections   road completely missing
Pothole
Pothole
Large pothole three feet long
Pot hole
Pot hole
LARGE POTHOLE (TIRE DAMAGE)
Pothole
Clairemont Mesa Blvd east bound just west   Murphy Canyon Rd in left lane
Many hazard pot holes.  Cars weaving to avoid.  I was nearly h.
The I8 overpass to Del Cerro Blvd is in need  pothole repair
Pothole as you turn right from northbound Jutland onto Luna.
Clairemont Mesa Blvd west bound on entering left turn lane to turn south bound on Ruffin Road
Pothole
Pothlole
This section needs to be repaved from  rec center to Olive Garden
4 potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Just on  side  a patch, westbound Flanders, right lane, a few feet before crosswalk.
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
The alley between Montezuma Rdd and Mary Ln.  has many potholes that need to be filled. Specifically behind 5667 Montezuma Rd headed east towards Campanile Dr. There is heavy flooding when  rains. Problem Location:5691 Montezuma Road, San Diego, CA, Uned States
Pothole in front  library driveway
POTHOLE
Large chucks  asphalt have disappeared around a metal plate, leaving big holes in just  wrong place where you have to h .
Hi, just wanted to report a bad pot hole on  Mt. Abernathy on  Northwest corner   intersection wh Genesee Ave.
We live on Cardinal Drive San Diego and our Street is terrible. Would like  if someone can come and check  out. Thank you.
Pothole
Rancho Carmel DR. from Ted Williams to Carmel Mtn. Rd is in very poor condion wh wide crack and potholes.Please resurface.  The Cy resurfaced neighborhood streets which did not need repair, but has neglected to repair  heavily used thoroughfare which is now is s worse condion in >20 years.
Pothole
Sink hole has been paved over wh a still huge dip.

I would like to report a large pothole on  intersection  Krenning and 51st Streets in  Oak Park neighborhood.This is directly in front  my house and has to be negotiated every time we pull into, or out  our parking space at our house.Please let me know when you might be able to fix .
Pothole
STREET SUNKEN, PER SEWER DEPT


Pothole in east bound lane




POTHOLE
SEVERAL POTHOLES
SEVERAL POTHOLES
several, various sized potholes and large cracks are in Princess View Dr, near Mission Gorge Dr, both North- and South- bound
Multiple potholes, require weaving over yellow lines to avoid when traveling westwards towards trolley depot.


Multiple pot holes, dirt and asphalt are making s way to nearby stormwater drain
There is a huge pothole in  road at  map marker going West on Miramar Rd.  is really bad, road is torn up. I drive by here every Saturday and try to avoid  but, if you are driving in  right-hand lane that is not possible. Sorry I don't have a photo.
Potholes on  section spanning 50-75 yards in  second most lane from  right.
Large pothole
This has been reported many, many, MANY times, but when is  street going to be fixed???   is full  potholes, cracks, and driving along  stretch between Carmel Mountain Road and 56 is only getting bumpier every day!  PLEASE get  repaved!
POTHOLE CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE
Large pothole on WB Washington near where  bridge meets  roadway.  Numerous or potholes on WB near  area.  Numerous previously filled potholes in  same area area sagging and failing.
Severe pothole directly under  94 freeway. Very bad and has been re a long time.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
There are two potholes created since  last rains. Both are in Tierrasanta on El Comal Drive: Picture 1 is at  SE corner; picture 2 is whin 25 to 30 feet east  picture 1; picture 3 is an overview and relationship  both bad potholes. All are on  south side. (See  attached photos.)These potholes are in front  my neighbor's house. I'm next door in 10417.
Between Park Ridge and Margerum, North side before Waring Rd.
Multiple potholes
Road sting apart...Several potholes
Multiple pholes
Multiple potholes on N/B Morena (Balboa to Avati). Primarily in right lane. Please Fix ASAP.   Hard to avoid hting se at night. Thanks
Trench in road qualcomm way and friars rd ex
Large pot hole at entrance to alley. Between Abbott and Lotus. Been re for many years.
2 POTHOLES
Going south on Catalina  right lane was dug up for street work and  has never been finished properly. The work was likely due to  wireless communications infrastructure but  line is where a bicyclist would ride. This is dangerous as  eir forces a cyclist to ride next to  plants and less visible or to take  full lane.  appears some work was done closer to PLNU and Catalina but was never fully repaved. I was almost h by cars 2x and finally had to take  full lane.
Pothole in  first lane westbound on Mira Mesa at Black Mountain Rd
There are several potholes in area.
Large hole, cracks
Huge pothole! There are multiple potholes on  hill (clairmont drive) that desperately need to be fixed! The whole street needs to be replaced!
Pothole in EB lane
Pothole in EB lane
Very large pothole right side  lane 4 feet long 3 feet wide
There are few potholes on Ted Williams east bound before Shoal Creek Dr.   Also re were debris left by previous pothole.  Why can't construction crews who fixed  potholes collect all  debris?    is a safety hazard  if cars drive on those debris and cause m to fly into or cars or pedestrians.   Would you please arrange for someone to clean m up?  Pictures were taken at two different places on Ted William Parkway and combined into one picture.   You can see  amount   debris re.  Thanks, Khoi
There are multiply pot holes and cracks in  road. The whole road needs to be fixed.
There are multiply cracks and potholes on Village Glen Drive. The whole road needs to be fixed.
Deep rectangular is worsening



Street has been cracked for years pothole developing as cars drive over  every dayThe correct address is 4978 35th Street. I couldn't change .

There are a bunch  potholes in  left lane  eastbound Washington between Falcon and Dove. 's like running a gauntlet while driving in that lane.
1 1/2' pothole in right lane
There is a large pothole where Carmel Valley Rd heading east crosses El Camino Real just before  Hwy 56 onramp.
There is a pothole on westbound Scripps Poway Parkway in  right turn lane just before  turns right onto  I-15 North onramp.  is located at  beginning   right turn lane.
There is a pothole in  leftmost lane on eastbound Scripps Poway Parkway just past Trail Crest Dr.
Deep potholes. 5  m. All drivers need to veer into oncoming traffic to avoid  potholes.
3 very deep potholes in  alley way next to Express Tire;  alley runs parallel to balboa ave.  between convoy st. &  west  re.      I hope s not private prop.    looks like a public alley.
Potholes in souast corner  Palm Ave. and Saturn Blvd.
Several potholes going downhill
There is a pothole at  intersection  9th st and ash st as you are turning right onto ash from 9th street.  popped my tire, hopefully my rim and suspension is okay.
The entire alley between Meade and Monroe is ltered wh potholes.  This is  alley between 30th st and Kansas.
Numerous potholes on Washington between Dove and Eagle eastbound.
Left turn lane
Number 1 westbound lane
Large pothole heading east on Friars road before Santo
Going southbound on Fairmount Ave after Camino Del Rio N. Pothole on both lanes when going below  I -8 freeway
Road is full  potholes
Pothole,  request was closed whout  being completed please repair
Several large potholes on college avenue going north right after  I-8 east on -ramp
Here is anor spot (3rd one) on  street that is sinking.
Pothole
Potholes on bridge
Pothole
Right lane going west before fifth Ave crosswalk
MULTIPLE POTHOLES ALONG MANGO DR
Pot holes in traffic lanes
Deep pothole on 32nd st beneath Highway 94 overpass
Near  Terman Ct ex Stop sign, re is a dip in  pavement approximately 12-15 ft long and 2 ft wide, apparently from a previous saw cut.Please note: The adjacent property owner has requested a street vacation for Terman Ct. If that happens quickly,  repair should be rejected as not a good use  taxpayer money.
Large 2' x 3' pothole in eastbound lane  Camino del Rio N, just before 8 west onramp.
Metal plate has become loose, exposing extremely dangerous, deep pothole.I was able to avoid , but i saw that  smaller, Toyota Corolla behind me was not able to avoid  and  bumper on  front right side was severely damaged. All  Universy Ave in Hillcrest is atrocious and absolutely unacceptable. I know y are replacing  water lines, but cyclists, pedestrians and drivers are suffering because  interim fixes are failing dramatically. Please please please do something.Thank you.
Pothole, in traffic lanes along right side  street.
My car just sank sideways on  left (driver's side) sinking into a pothole or crack in  second lane from left immediately after  Mercury Street intersection, on alight uphill climb towards  pass over 163 on Balboa Avenue;  problem is that my whole body shook and now  car seems to be running wh a limp, uneven tire or bent axle or something like  ( is a relatively new car, 2015 model). Adding to  problem is that  pothole is not very clearly visible so one could try to avoid , due to some uneven, different asphalt colors, on  patched stretch   road. Please take care  our roads, since we pay so many taxes!...
Numerous potholes in  intersection.   5th request on  past 2 month.
Zion Avenue between Waring Road and Mission Gorge Road. Due to  heavy rain, several potholes have formed.
Large sunken pot hole. Causes my school bus to rock side to side.
several potholes on  street
There is a pothole in  middle   street just north   intersection  Oliver and Gresham St. on Gresham St. in PB.
As you are traveling south on La Jolla Blvd and turn right onto Mission Blvd. As you are turning right onto Mission Blvd., re are a small series  potholes that are getting bigger.

There are two medium sized potholes in  westbound side  Schilling Avenue, just east  Penridge Street.
POTHOLES. OW.
POTHOLE
Camino Del Norte heading West   15 all  way to 4S commons is ltered wh huge potholes. The roads are un-drivable. Cars are going at high speed and on an obstacle course  entire way. This is dangerous and horrible for  cars.  Please fix  fast! There's no way to stop and take pictures but you won't miss  mile  potholes...
Pothole in  northbound #3 lane in  2050-2059 block  Qualcomm Way.
Pothole on  south side   intersection  Old Town Ave and San Diego Ave.
Please repave Gold Coast Drive as  has not been re-paved since 1988. There are numerous pot holes, cracks, etc.
Numerous potholed on Venus. Entire street needs paving.
There are several potholes from recent rains/construction on Friars Road (turning lane & hwy) to Santo Rd.  A car bottomed out yesterday, and almost went into on coming traffic on  or side  Friars Rd while trying to make a left turn.
REFERRED FROM WTR DEPT TO CHECK  , SUNKEN TRENCH AREA
There are several potholes down  entire stretch  Pacifci Highway from Kurtz Street to G Street. PLEASE FIX THEM, 's been on going, and has gotten worse since recent rain/construction (f Broadway).
BAD POTHOLES UNDER THE 8 OVERPASS
Pothole
Pothole in intersection  3rd Ave and Ash St.On 3rd  would be, I believe,  middle lane.On Ash St  would be  right lane.
POTHOLES, JUST ABOUT 200 YARDS NORTH OF MISSION GORGE!
Pothole area has been paved before---at least 2 times.  Size  affected area is about 6 by 9 feet.  Previous remediation efforts compromised by rains.  The street, Mario Place should be sealed/repaved while your contract crew currently working on Thornwood Street is doing work re.    would be more cost efficient to do surface repairs on both streets at same time.
MULTIPLE POTHOLES
Multiple, large, deep potholes. Dangerous coming f  freeway.

Deep pothole
The entire street from  intersection at Carmel Mountain Road south to Ted Williams Pkwy. All lanes North and South bound need to be repaired. Unsafe for vehicles.
Pothole in street
Large pothole in  middle  southbound lane
Several deep potholes between here and Tierrasanta Blvd
2 potholes 2400 block on westbound side. On may be 2500 block
Large pothole in  middle  Dorcas St just past  Gertrude St Intersection.
Multiple potholes all over both sides  Tecolote Road on  West side  Morena Blvd.
Pothole going south on 30th at Lincoln.
W/B POTHOLE
Potholes. So many potholes
Huge pothole 3X3 foot dangerous




Hole in left lane
Pot hole in center  intersection  Guizot St and Del Mar Ave. Pls fill. Thanks.
Pothole
Pothole in center   lane on Poway Rd just before Springhurst Dr.
Many potholes on Baxter Street
There are numerous large, growing potholes on  southbound lane  Mango Drive, just north  Del Mar Heights.  There is also a big one directly in front  14090 Mango Drive.  Every morning, numerous cars try to dodge  holes, nearly grazing or vehicles and parked cars.  This has been in bad shape for over a month.
Multiple pot holes in turn lane
I previously reported  pothole under Report Number: 00135997 to which  following resolution was noted - Action Taken: The information provided did not allow  Cy to locate  problem.  The status   report has been updated to "closed" in  Cy's system.  Apparently  Cy did not go to  location as  information provided specifically stated, "When turning southbound onto Green Bay St. from  eastbound lane  Coronado Ave.,  is almost impossible to avoid."  The description couldn't be much clearer.  There is a very large difference in height between  drainage gutter and  asphalt.  This intersection is extremely dangerous for motorcyclists especially.  Please re-evaluate  section  road and actually drive eastbound from Coronado Ave. to Southbound Green Bay St. and feel  pothole for yourself.
Deep potholes and devastated and dangerous asphalt.

POTHOLE, DAMAGED VEHICLE
Less than a year ago, Marauder Way was slurried.  Now, sections   slurry are falling f.  This is happening in at least 9 places so far.  I believe that  slurry was done improperly.  What can be done to get  company out to redo  work correctly, after removing  surface y put on?
There are numerous potholes on Mt Henry Ave in Clairemont.  The worst area is near  intersection wh Mt King.
This entire road is covered in large potholes.
POTHOLE
The street is all torn up numerous potholes and attempts at repairing m
Middle  intersection, sharp edge when westbound, right hand lane
A large pothole has been reported on  corner  Oro Vista Rd. and Grove Ave. Multiple potholes have been reported on Oro Vista Rd. and part  Grove Ave.,  between Hollister St. and Iris Ave.
Large pothole in right lane on India before Sassafras, going north.
Huge pothole that caused two flat tires on my car. This was a tench dug by recent cable  install on Ash and 9th
Super dangerous huge pothole.

Multiple potholes
Pothole
Pothole in east Bound lane
There are two potholes that keep getting bigger in  middle   road.

dfsdfdf
Large depression where a street patch is sinking.   needs immediate attention before  takes someone's wheel f. Located in  #1 lane just prior to Santo Rd heading east on Friars Road
2 potholes in center lane
Few potholes on top  hill toward 1-5/52
Pothole
Pot hole across from uned methidist church
Potholes on College Ave from Eastbound 8, College Ave ex. Left lane towards Del Cerro.
Pothole
Deep hole in alley right in front  my garage which I park in every day.  See attached images.
Cars bottom out at  "dip" all day and night. Please remove dip
Potholes in  eastbound left turn lane  Washington St at  onramp to SR-163.
Pothole in  southbound #2 lane  Morena Blvd directly under  westbound lanes  Interstate 8.
Major potholes and uneven pavement on norast quadrant  garnet avenue and cass street.
northbound morena blvd large pothole in far right lane. just north  balboa
Eastbound just as you ex  163 underpass. Pothole very dangerous for cyclists because road is narrow re and cyclists are forced into  car lane to avoid .
There is a pot hole rar large, cars h  ten and my bedroom is located about 100 yards from  and when cars and trucks go over   sounds like cars getting into an accident.
Eastbound number 1 lane
Potholes both sides
A hole in  way
Pothole from road construction. Lerally at northwestern corner  9th & Ash. We got a flat tire from .
BIG pothole
Pothole
There is a *giant* pothole at  corner  9th Ave and Ash. Please priorize a fix.  is unusually large and is likely to cause injury or property damage (and if left unchecked to severely compromise  road in a way that will be much more costly to fix).
Numerous deep potholes at  Stop Sign at  corner  Corte Sabio and Paseo Lucido.
Potholes
Several potholes on Carmel Mtn Road!
Come on! Several submissions wh no ETA on project getting started in CMR! Waing for a Bill Harris to call me, waing all week....
A sewage line was replaced several months ago. Since n  alley has continued to sink and create road hazards. My tenants are having problems getting into assigned parking.
SOUTH OF 9TH RIGHT OF ASH. POTHOLE CAUSED  3 FLAT TIRES YESTERDAY.
Pothole
Potholes!!! Yokes!@@
right lane kettner st. f ramp
intersection black mountain rd. and mira mesa bivd
The road is in bad shape and in need  repair. There is no specific area, but most   road between Carmel Country Road and Carmel Canyon Road has issues.
Large pothole La Jolla Parkway eastwards
 roundabout on Sea Ridge Dr and Chelsea Avenue in Birdrock
  curb entrance to 4885 Ronson Court, re is a large pothole in  street.

Two potholes in a row several yards apart on  way coming into La Jolla, left lane.
VERY LARGE POTHOLE ON QUALCOMM SOUTH OF CAMINO DEL RIO N.
Accident waing to happen at College Ave ex just f  8E.  If you ex  8E on College and make a left turn, that far left hand turn lane goes right into several deep potholes. Cars swerve onto oncoming traffic or next lane to avoid  deep potholes.  Only a matter  time before a head on collision or a side swipe.
Pot hole on 1100 Dennery Road at  entrance to Casoleli Apartments,  North bound lane.
There is about 5 or 6 deep pot holes on morena Blvd near  end (north) which have been causing cars to swerve around.
POTHOLE
Our street as well as Sunset Ridge (cross street) are horrible.  Many ruts and cracks.
There are still a few potholes on Golfcrest dr. Between Tuxedo rd and Mission Gorge Road could y come back out and fill  remaining ones? Thank you!
Pot hole on 1100 Dennery Road at  entrance to Casoleli Apartments,  North bound lane.
2 POTHOLES
in right turn lane, in front   "Stonewood Apartment" sign. a gaping pothole needs to be patched please.


New hole near middle  Dorcas St.
Pothole getting larger and deeper every day. Lerally at  southwest corner  universy ave and goldfinch. We have to make wider turns in order to avoid 
There is a very deep pothole developing a few feet away from  church on  corner, right in front  a home.  Some road work was done re a few months ago.  Now,  hole is so deep that most cars drive around  to avoid damage to ir vehicles.   will become a sinkhole whout repair.
In far left turn lane pothole
Maybe someday someone will actually fix  intersection, and re-pave Mesa Madera.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Street repair work collapsing, very bad on shocks/tires, swerving to avoid, center  street/west side  Camino Ruiz

Pothole almost got a flat tire
Pot hole
Very large and deep pothole, urgent.
Multiple potholes West bound lane  traffic
Terrible pot hole that has not been filled in months, and is slowing down traffic and is causing property damage to vehicles.
Multiple, deep potholes on W Washington street in  eastbound direction under  I-5 in  left turn lanes that go onto San Diego Avenue Northbound.
Pot hole

PER PD: 6-7 INCH POTHOLE CREATING HAZARD. ON RAMP S/B ON MORENA TO GO E/B ON BALBOA.
pothole in front  14550 Penasquos Dr
we have a pothole that needs repair can you please help
Pothole on street
POTHOLE IN ALLEY. HARD TO PARK IN PARKING SPOT.
Navajo Road (before  intersects wh College/Waring) is pted wh potholes, making driving hazardous and damage to my vehicle likely. Please pave!!
2915 - 3099 Village Pine Dr. street has many potholes,  is in need  new asphalt.
Eval for resurface would like pot hole address but all  greyling needs to be fixed.
Pot hole 3 inches deep
POTHOLES N/B & S/B
Looks like  beginning  a sinkhole.  The hole is new.
Large pothole about a 1.5 ft in diameter. Not very visible since 's in a drain area and very easy to h wh  car.
Sinkhole
Giant pothole
Intersection  Adams Ave and 59th St. Street just got a slurry seal 1 week ago and re's already a pothole in  middle
Broken down road/potholes on northbound framp lanes at light.
Two large pothole. Right lane going north on CMR
This is my second report on  particular pothole. The whole street is covered and 's really bad at Aero Drive. This pothole is on Ruffin between sky Park and Ridge Haven. 's 2' x 3' and in  lane right where a vehicle tire would be rolling down that street. I've already had one tire destroyed by a pothole at  cost  $250. This is very dangerous and I hope you can fix  as soon as possible. Thank you.
Per consumer: Large pothole in left lane, north bound on College Av
pothole at ulric street and ta street intersection.  pothole located on ta street east bound before going across ulric street intersection light.
Potholes
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE ON MISSION BLVD IN BETWEEN ALABAMA & MISSISSIPPI. NEAR THE ALLEY WAY, LEFT SIDE OF THE STREET.
Pot hole, left lane
Pothole
In  middle  street heading westbound. 's getting deeper.  When are y repaving  whole street?
Pot holes in front  bus stop
Eastbound Old Town Avenue at San Diego Avenue. Electrical wiring visible whin pothole in Old Town Avenue. Westbound turning traffic from San Diego Avenue rides into pothole.
Fairly large pothole through  center   road near clay park.
Big hole under overpass
Large pothole in right lane driver side. Inteferes wh driving . Need to swerve to avoid.
Pot hole at  stop, Conrad AVE.
This street is in terrible disrepair. There are multiple potholes & broken pavement. 's only one block long, but is a very important street in  area. I've lived here 16 years, and  hasn't been repaired and resurfaced in a long, long time. Fix !
Pothole
Pothole on  east bound mira mesa blvd, slow lane

Deep pot hole.
Huge pothole in  inside southbound lane
Pothole, flooding and street lights out at  intersection
Badly damaged asphalt.  More than 50 requests in  area in  past 5 years.
Potholes, cracking The road is terrible ... need to be resurface, from a block 5300 limerick ave to 5500 block .
LOTS OF POTHOLES IN INTERSECTION. WORST PART IS AT THE NORTH EAST CORNER BY CHASE.
Anor pothole at  location
This street and Stanley Ave.
Giant rectangular pothole! Popped my tire. :(
Several potholes 1-2 feet across and 3-4 inches deep are on  section  Marlesta Drive between Genessee and Chasewood.
Pothole
Horrible, jarring, steering wheel pulling potholes in front  MEDICAL facily. Vulnerable population. Please fill ASAP. Thank you.
POTHOLE at 6790 Jackson Drive SD 92119 next to center street island, cross street Cowles Mountain Blvd.
P/H IFO CABRILLO ELEMENTARY SCHOOL
Large pothole on upas at corner  Grim ave
Pothole
Pothole in left turn lanes to Santo Road.  Appears to have been recently repaired, but a large dip remains.
Huge pothole at corner  Grim and Landis.
Water leak and now 's turning into a sinkhole. Please fix asap!
Terrible potholes!!
Large pothole in left turn lane
BigPothole
POTHOLE W/B PARADISE VALLEY WEST OF BRIARWOOD CAUSED FLAT TIRE.
Bad, bad bad ones!!!
LARGE POTHOLE
Friars eastbound past 15 near left turn lanes for Santo Rd
Small surface hole but big pothole under  asfalt.
Pot hole again. Fix didn't last
Pothole near  crosswalk at  southwest corner  Park and Zoo, circled wh orange paint.  Please fill or potholes furr north on Park that are also circled wh orange spray paint.
Corner dowdy and Miramar rd
Pothole in westbound lane
Large pothole in southbound lane
Square, deep hole at northwest corner  Idylwild
Pothole in SB lane
Large pot hole at Carmel Valley Road and El Camino Real intersection
very hazardous to heavy  non-vehicle traffic:    pedestrians, bicycles, skateboards, etc. 50,000  residents packed in by  beach tourist season approaches I have observed numerous accidents - prevent lawsusthanks
Asphalt potholes 2800  to 2900 block East Bound Clairemont Drive   South lane
Stretch  road from  52 freeway to Carmel Mountain Road in terrible condion. Pot holes galore. Cracked pavement. Damaging front end  cars.
North bound lanes on South side  Balboa
POTHOLE BY ALLEY GOING NORTH BOUND.
Pothole at intersection  Recuerdo and Los Amigos
LARGE SUNKEN AREA
Broken pipe, always wet, worsening potholes.
Lots  potholes from  94 (east)freeway ex to  15 (north) exchange
large pothole on busy street  access to rec center and ltle league fields
Pothole 15 yards before  intersection, right at  intersection and right after  intersection.
Going SW down Clairemont Drive toward I-5, at  intersection  Galveston which is on  oppose lane going north, re are two large potholes next to each or.  There is no street address visible.
We have  BEST potholes. Or cies are jealous  our potholes. SAD!
two major potholes east bound lane
Pothole on  inside lane southbound on Fairmont near  I-8 overpass.This pothole has been here since  last two rains.
Potholes in alleyway between Hartford Street and Galveston Street
Big Pothole for a long time, How can we upload image when we are driving!
There is a BIG pothole in  McDonald entrance, 's been put pave but 's just very bad repair, and 's still a BIG pothole!The Map in  webse is VERY HARD to use, I can't pin point in  map what  hell  map purpose is?
I am a commuter cyclist  streets in  area have huge geometric trenches, how come not smooth.
There is a big pothole from Carmel Valley Rd to CA56 Entrance
Pothole, road crack!
Pot hole on tracks
There are several potholes!
There are several potholes in El Camino Real, please check  whole road on both side,  road condion is very bad!
There are several potholes on El Camino Real, re is a big pothole in front  Police Department
There was a BIG pothole before and after fill out  pothole,  road is not flat, 's bump and not even, 's not safe at all!
There is bump on  road,  road is not even, 's dangerous
There are a lot  potholes on Sorrento Valley Rd!
There are a lot  potholes on Camino Del Norte from south to north, Please check  whole road,  road condion is sooooooo bad!
Going south on Beyer blv.
There are alot  big cracks and potholes on Pomerado road between Scripps Ranch Blvd & Avenue  Nations heading East on Pomerao Road. Those are most noticeable but are many more on Pomerado Road. Especially heading East on Pamerado.
There are pot holes all along  short stretch  road from Mesa College Drive to  Dog Park area. Some are 2 feet in size. One or comment please - Genesee Rd from  163 to Linda Vista Rd needs to be repaved completely.  is horrible and people are losing alignments, tires and pedestrians could fall y are so messed up. Please add  section to  list to be repaved - Thank you!
There is a  large pothole in  intersection  Carmel Valley Rd./Highway 56 entrance and El Camino Real east bound 56 or  northbound El Camino Real.  Cars are swerving around  and  is very difficult to avoid  entire hole.  The hole is deepening and widening.
Several small potholes in both NB and SB lanet
Several potholes in parking lot
Why are all my pothole submissions "closed" but NONE have been fixed??!!!
Pothole in intersection
Several potholes at  location
Why are my submissions listed as "closed" but none have been repaired??!!! I'm not letting  go until  cy gets pavement trucks out here for CMR! I was under  impression  Mayor was going to take care  our cy streets! I have yet to see where  has been done in CMR despe  many assurances we are on  so called "list" for action! I'm still waing for Bill Harris to give me an ETA so I hope to hear from him tomorrow! This is totally unpressional to be told he will call me and no call from him. My next call will be to  Mayors fice. I have lots  time to deal wh  issue!
Numerous small potholes




Several potholes

Large pothole in bicycle lane in westbound direction


Pothole in westbound direction
Potholes

Numerous potholes and damaged asphalt at  intersection
Deep potholes here
Pothole on EB Universy
Still hasn't been dealt wh.  throws asphalt up everyday and can do serious damage to every tire that drives  road!
Very big pot hole at least 2ft wide
many potholes both westbound and eastbound on La Jolla Parkway between I-5 and Torrey Pines Road
Pothole located on north side  Texas St./El Cajon Blvd intersection (eastbound lane).  Hole is, approximately, 3'x3' and about 3-4" deep (approximately)...Hasn't been measured, just guessing by driving over  multiple times
Large pothole in  middle   5012 Tierra Baja Way  street;  2 feet across and 3 inches deep. Many students ride ir bicycles at night... This sized hole could easily topple a rider and seriously injury him or her. Have h  wh my car several times and may have caused suspension damage, definely alignment damage.
Two at same location
Pothole, see photo, n fix
Pothole
Right lane
Potholes
Various potholes along  same section  Morena
Drove northbound on Morena Blvd Wednesday March 22nd 7:30 PM at 30 mph.H a pothole that completely blew out my tire. Enclosing a picture  that I took 2 days later in day light at  location, I believe  is  pothole that caused  damage.
Large pothole in right hand turn lane in front  Starbuck's
Large pothole in right lane heading north in front  Marston Middle School
Large pothole on Morena in right lane headed north.
Pothole and large quanty  loose gravel, right hand lane headed south.
Potholes everywhere!
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Washington St northbound @ San Diego Ave in  #2 left turn lane to turn onto San Diego Ave: originally a pothole, now  road is completely crumbled.
Four feet long, up to four inches deep. Big enough to swallow your soul.
Potholes
Hole
There is a very large pothole, more like  start  a sinkhole on  street. I just h  front  my car in .  is at Westmore and Mira Mesa Blvd. Just past  Luran Church on Westmore Rd.
BIG OVAL POTHOLE NEXT TO SEWER COVER. NEAR HANDRICH DR.
Deep potholes lining  eastern edge   intersection  Sassafras and Kettner
Potholes on a busy intersection.
A 4' x 4' section   roadway that had been repaired/worked on twice lately has settled 2-4" creating deep sharp edges on  roadway that are very abrupt for vehicles and a dangerous condion for motorcycles that could cause harm.
Potholes
Marlesta roadway in both directions between Genesee and Beagle has major potholes that need to be repaired.
East bound #1 lane large pothole
potholes in eastbound lanes on Mira Mesa west  I-15
Pothole north bound lane
Potholes and very uneven ground
Centre Street and robinson in Hillcrest.west to east on Robi son. There is a longated pothole that is pretty huge. Probably from patchwork that had been compounded. Thank you.
College Avenue northbound just north   Hwy 8 east f ramp. There are apx. 4-5 potholes in  #1 lane. This area is located on/near  bridge spanning across Hwy 8. Continuing north along College Avenue from that point towards Del Cerro Blvd. re are more.
Holes
Large pot holes like  down  whole alley.
Condion   street is embarrassing. When will you fix?
Condion   street is embarrassing when will you fix and resurface?
Pothole going uphill
Pothole middle   street. This street has never been resurfaced in thr last 10 years
Pothole
There are 2-3 potholes in  alley and an area along one   sides that's lacking pavement. General erosion is probably  cause. There's also discarded debris that blocks cars passing through  alley. Please evaluate to see if any surface improvements can be made here. -Christian Diaz, former TSW O&M Engineering Intern at Chollas.
2 potholes measuring 2-3 feet in diameter.
Deep cuts in  road from work on utilies not properly filled.  Causes major tire damage.  Map doesn't allow input   correct location (Pershing and Redwood near  stop sign)
Deep pothole at  souast corner  Boundary and Universy near  curb.
Pothole
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE SOUTH BOUND LANE OF BALBOA AV.
Pothole on Morena blvd southbound,  number 1  lane, just where  asphalt meets  concrete  Tecolote Creek bridge.  ALSO on  northbound number 2 lane, at  same location.
Numerous potholes along Seminole Drive by Clay Park, constantly a problem, please repave  entire street
Pavement is caving in.  has been progressively getting worse since last rainstorm.  is causing a hazard in  bike lane and part   Westbound lane  Pomerado Rd. is in  WB lane  Pomerado; Just East Of Scripps Ranch Blvd.
Deep pothole at light 1 foot long

POTHOLE, E/B RIGHT LANE, VERY LARGE!
Under bridge. Difficult to see (I h  every time ). Thank you.
Very large pot hole at  intersection  Sunset Cliffs and West Point Loma. 's on  South side   intersection.
Deep pothole
Pothole has been re for a while
Parkdale, south  Mira Mesa Blvd. have many pot holes.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES IN THE NORTH BOUND LANE.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS POTHOLE AT THE ADDRESS
Multiple pot holes on  street . Please assess and complete work order. Thank you
Pothole
Pot hole up against  sidewalk. Fills up wh water and we are consented about misquotes.
Disgraceful street condion. The whole section  35th Street between Monroe and Madison has to be one   worst in San Diego. One picture cannot show  well enough. 's been like  for months maybe years and is only getting worse. No action by cy even when or roads in neighboring areas that are in good condion get resurfaced.
BAD POTHOLE
Pothole
Pothole






POTHOLES UP AND DOWN THIS BLOCK,CALLER UPSET HE HAS MADE SEVERAL REQUESTS
Hole in concrete cross gutter needs patching.  69th St. and Saranac St., south side  intersection. Hazard for children crossing street to/from adjacent elementary school.
Pothole in southbound left lane
Pothole
bad patch is sinking and needs to be repatched as soon as possible
Intersection  loring and fohill pothole


Pothole







Washing Street, west bound at  intersection  Washington and 8th Ave.  There is a LARGE hunk  asphalt in  road.  Someone in a hurry tried to fix a pothole and just dumped a huge amount  asphalt in  street.  VERY messy.  Also very dangerous for someone in  rain.  We're talking about a 4" ledge/bump.  How could someone be so sloppy???  Sorry, can't help myself...  Please fix.
Pothole



Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
behind  1050- 1064 Missouri  -  potholes in  alley really bad
Multi small potholes & bump
Pothole in  intersection
The entire section from 163 to Linda vista road is full  potholes
STREET AREA VERY BUMPY
Multiple potholes on Camino Del Norte, specifically  stretch between Bernardo Center Dr. and Camino San Bernardo. There are three lanes. The middle lane and far right lane have multiple potholes and washouts.
Pothole forming near recent repaired sinkhole
Middle  intersection westbound lane to put pothole emergency repair needed
The actual pothole(S) are before you reach 3022 45th.  They are at  intersection  45th Street and Redwood St.  The intersection  se two streets has several potholes.  There are several potholes along 45th which is  only way into  Arroyo Vista Nursing Home.   makes  difficult to maneuver  street and cars must face on-coming vehicles in attempts to miss  large potholes. Not only must residents try to drive  VERY DANGEROUS AREA,  vehicles who transport OLDER, SICK, patients to Arroyo must try to get around  potholes, which is nearly IMPOSSIBLE.  We allow our elderly to be transported through  AWFUL, AWFUL, area.   is destroying  vehicles, who have no option for entry and ex.  PLEASE HELP!!! REDWOOD STREET going onto 45th Street is ALSO A DANGEROUS MESS!!
NB near center lin
My street, Boqua Drive at 13794 Dr.,  seriously needs pot hole repair and street resurfacing. Several cable and telephone companies etc.,  and recently sewer pipe replacements have left  road in terrible shape especially in front  13794 Boqua Dr.  I have had my house for over 20 years and not once  area has been resurfaced after all  damage done by crews from various service companies.  is dangerous as  surface is very uneven and anyone can trip over  especially in  dark. I would very much appreciate your immediate attention to  urgent matter.  Thank you very much. Dale Dhanoa13794 Boqua Dr., San Diego, CA 92014
LARGE POTHOLE INFRONT OF ADDRESS
Deep pothole at entrance to driveway
Pothole in far right westbound lane near Denny's before I-15
Very large potholes at  intersection  Landis & Gtim Ave. There are mainly 2 large holes, wh one being exceptionally bigger. They continue to get worse wh time.
Growing pot hole
Growing pot hole
This is a sink hole starting in  alley behind my home.I feel  needs attention soon.Thank you
LOTS OF POTHOLES ON GENESEE
Large pothole
Pothole
Huge pothole that was filled wh sand but  is bigger than a tire.
Large pothole on entering Cy Front Terrace entrance. Street was paved a couple  years ago but a section was not repaired and crack keeps growing.
POTHOLES BETWEN  1050 TO 1064 MISSOURI  BETWEEN INGRAHAM & CHALCEDONY
POTHOLE AT END OF DRIVEWAY ON STREET
4 TO 5 CLUSTERS OF POTHOLES HEADING EAST BOUND
Only one half   street was done resurfacing?A short cultesac st ,  inconvenience  bringing all your equip. backout.Anor day  a totally blocked street wh no ex.You could have saved time money and inconvenience if you had finished.
East bound Friars Road, right before Santo Road. Lane closest to center median, #1 lane. Previous road repair failing (sinking below road grade). Several inch deflection.
Several Potholes On Glen Vista St San Diego 92114. The whole street is complete mess!
Pothole!

We have  BEST potholes. Or cies are jealous  our potholes. SAD!
Several deep potholes getting larger in  intersection  Handrich Court & Handrich Drive
Potholes
Pothole
Numerouspotholes on eastbound side   street in slow lane from Doliva going as far as  entrance to 805. Clairemont Mesa Blvd is very chewed up.
Prior trench work has sunk, created large dips
On  on ramp from east bound Balboa to south bound Morena Blvd re are about 5 or 6 very large potholes.
  south east corner   intersection right in front   7/11 re is a large pothole in  right lane
In  4700 block  Ingraham St re are about10 potholes that are on  right tire side   road
Over  past 6 months (approximately)  SD Cy has completed an upgrade   intersection  Genesee and Linda Vista. Unfortunately a stretch  Genesee from that intersection has been left in terrible condion. These are  few blocks  Genesee between Linda Vista and  entrance to Hwy 163. This area is in desperate need  resurfacing
Pothole
Large pothole in left lane 100 ft before  transion to  e.b. 52.

Rancho Carmel Dr between 56 and Shoal Creek has strands  potholes north and south. There is no way to avoid m, as y run down  entire road. In  last three years I have seen no attempt to repair and y are taking a toll onvehicles' alignments, tires, etc.
A large pothole on el camino real as you get on  56 freeway east.  is as wide as a car, and Im guessing a few inches deep. Cars go around , and  is becoming in my opinion dangerous. You must slow down to a crawl to go over so your car does not get damaged. Please take a look at , I think  is a significant problem. Thank you for your time.
So many potholes on Sorrento Vista Parkway between Sorrento Valley Blvd and Directors Place on southbound side I lost count. Horrible.
Right before  house listed Is a pothole and 's also surrounded by cracks.
Pothole on corner
Multiple potholes on both sides   road
s almost more  a sinkhole that a pothole. But 's  size  a pothole that makes sense.
Pothole in east(?)bound lane
Road sinking
The San Diego Cy Water Dept. had to repair an emergency water leak in  street in front  13425 Appalachian Way ( happens regularly on our block).  This repair was severely deficient, in that  hole dug was twice  normal size, extends across  entire middle   road and immediately ( next day) collapsed to where  is now one giant pothole, that you can't possibly avoid if cars are parked at  curb.  Please repair ASAP!
Deep Pothole
The huge pothole at 9th Ave and Ash Street was patched wh a sub-par repair. The day  was patched,  repair started to fail. Now  is worse than before, because  is a huge pothole surrounded by large chunks  asphalt (which now lter  roadway around  repair). Please complete a proper repair. Thank you.
Massive pothole @ Upas & Grim. Narrow 2 lane road, so no one can avoid pothole. Plus  is a bike "sharow" lane, so super dangerous for bikers too. Thanks!
Potholes between mission gorge road in Carlton Oaks Drive on W. Hills Parkway northbound and southbound one is 5 foot long
The last stretch  Genesee Ave, east end---between Linda Vista and  entrance to HWY 163. Very very badly in need  resurfacing; a menace to autos using that street in eir direction.
There are two potholes in  westbound lane  Clairemont Drive, one at  intersection wh Galveston St and  or a short distance east  that.
Pothole in  north bound right lane  Clairemont Drive in front  Marston Middle school.
Pothole in  south bound lane  Cowley Way
Pothole in  north bound lane  Cowley Way
There is a big hole at  north west corner  Mt. Alifan Dr. and Genesee Ave which affect cars going south on Genesee and turning right (west bound) on Mt. Alifan Dr.
A pothole is in  west bound lane  Quince Drive just east  Sixth Avenu
Sabre Springs Parkway was resurfaced about six months ago from Poway Road to Evening Creek Drive North. The cy has not come back to finish  job from Evening Creek Dr. N to Carmel Mt. Road (name changes to Rancho Carmel Dr.). The section  road from  Hwy 56 overpass north is getting worse by  day.  There are large potholes and cracks on  street.   is very dangerous and causes damage to vehicles.  PLEASE FIX THIS DAMAGE.   OUR TAX DOLLARS PAY FOR THIS SERVICE AND IT HAS NOT BEEN RENDERED.  Thank you.
Traveling on LJ Village Dr W, turning L onto Villa LJ Dr, pothole in  right left-turning lane. Middle  intersection.
Poway Road eastbound from North INT 15 freeway to  Poway cy border; re are several large potholes and cracks in  street.  This is dangerous as cars must swerve out  a lane to avoid  potholes, not to mention  damage se potholes cause vehicles.  Bicycles are also in danger  hting potholes and large cracks.  OUR TAX DOLLARS SHOULD COVER ROAD REPAIR.  PLEASE REPAIR THE ROADS BEFORE INJURIES OCCUR.  Thank you.
Potholes
Large pothole on Ethan Allen Ave at  stop sign next to Brandywine street.
From  Balboa Ave. connection to Morena Blvd. South on-ramp re are multiple deep potholes going up  ramp.
Underneath  upcoming bridges/freeways, re is a pot hole on left lane when turning left from Alvarado Canyon Rd into Fairmount Ave. This makes  a very bumpy road for drivers. Please have  fixed. Thank you for reading.
From  north bound Morena Blvd ramp to Balboa Ave/Garnet re is a deep pothole at  end   on ramp to Balboa
Pothole #1 lane
Pothole #1 lane by traffic signal
Huge pothole that fs a complete tire causing flats and or rim damage.

Pothole was patched and  patch deteriorated whin 2 weeks. Resubmting wh original report.
Significant holes. Many cars and cyclists avoiding and swerving.
Parkdale Ave. & Gold Coast DriveIntersection has potholes, and un-even pavementParkdale Ave. & Flanders DrivePavement is deteriorated due to very heavy traffic flow (School Zone), on Parkdale Ave.
Hillery drive is a mess. pothols and cracks everywhere
Mercy road is full  cracks and potholes.
Lots  potholes on  corner  Corte Sabio and Paseo Lucido.
Lots  pots still  Herage rd north  pogo rd  reference  15-793339.
Numerous potholes
Deep pothole N/B Morena right lane. Location approx across from main entrance  Cy Rose Canyon Maintenance Faculty. Thank you
There is a series  potholes on southbound from Sorrento Valley Blvd and a particularly bad one at  corner wh Lusk Blvd.  They are eating our cars alive...Thanks!
Sorrento Valley Road is in dire need  repaving, especially at  corner wh Carmel Mt. Road
Two or three potholes on Balboa West Bound by  traffic light
There are multiple pot holes on Village Pine Drive between Monterey Pine Drive and Howard Drive in San Ysidro 92173.
A string  potholes are located in front  7761 Golfcrest drive.
Where Corte Sabio and Paseo Lucido meets:Heavy traffic crossed road for Middle school and High school across  street especially in  morning and  afternoon. Pothole has been re for a while and getting worse! Thank you for your attention to  matter.
large pothole west  santo rd on friars rd
Pothole in middle  street
five speed bumps need to be redone between 7367 and  7500 westbrook
Pothole
Large/deep pothole in Northbound lane on Euclid Ave.
large uneven hole about an inch deep needs to be repaired.


Large pot hole at  intersection



2 large pothole, danger to cars on  15 framp to 32nd st.
Big pothole on west side  Moraga heading south..
Large pothole on on east  Navajo Rd & Margerum intersection
Many potholes on  College Ave. bridge. Thanks!! :)
Pothole on Mission Blvd south just south a b  El Carmel Place intersection.
Pothole in right? or middle lane lane west bound just about at  entrance to Seaworld.
Large pothole west bound Friars Rd right lane still today(3/28/2017) needs filling-between overhead railroad tracks and MTS trolley overpass. Multiple previous requests.
Potholes and uneven road surfaces in front  Nestor Elementary and Southwest High School
Going SW on Balboa before you reach light at intersection  Balboa and Clairemont Drive in far left turn lane-huge pothole.  Thank you.
They put a sign on , n took  sign away and still  potholes live on. Can someone please look into .  Emerson-Bandini
Valve cover has sunk.  Cars driving over  have caused a pothole.  Both need to be repaired or  problem will continue.


Potholes in both directions in  3800 block  Sorrento Valley Blvd.
Potholes in both directions in  10600 and 10700 blocks  Vista Sorrento Parkway.
Potholes on  east side   intersection  Lusk Blvd and Vista Sorrento Pkwy.
Potholes in  northbound #2 lane in  1100 block  Park Blvd.
ASPHALT SINKING CREATING HAZARD
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Lots  potholes please pave  section   163 to Linda vista
pothole eastbound Tecolote Road between I-5 and Morena Blvd
pothole southbound on Morena Blvd, south  Tecolote Road
Twenty plus holes from Costco to hwy 15
This massive deep pothole has ruined my alignment and has been here for months. Please fix so I don't take  to court to fix my car.
Potholes On El Camino Real, between Del Mar Heights and Via de la Valle, in Carmel Valley to Del Mar
P/H IN INTERSECTION
Pothole right in middle  intersection as noted on map. Kids cross street here for Sage Canyon Elementary.
2 potholes here created by rain, garbage trucks and time. This area is going to cause serious damage to someone's vehicle.
Huge pot holes on Crown point.
Pot holes everywhere on Lamont toward Grand. There are weeds growing on  cracks. Intersections are  worst.
Whole intersection is potholes
Deep pothole in  southbound lane  Moraga Ave, north  Ecochee
Large pothole outside lane before  f-ramp SB Pacific Hwy heading towards Washington St (Port Building).  Thank you, David
There is a large pothole on Friars Rd. when going westbound to Sea World Dr. when you are almost re, past  trolley tracks intersection and side parking that runs parallel to  road. If memory serves me right, 's around  area underneath  train bridge I tried to show wh  red marker on  map. But I am not sure, and couldn't immediately pull over to take a picture, due to  road being one-lane wh no safe area to pull f (currently  driving zone is shrunk and walled f wh concrete barriers due to construction in  area?)'s on  left section   lane, so that your front left wheel would h . Thank you
There's a series  potholes running down  length   street
Med  pothole SB Kettner Blvd right turn lane at Sassafras St.  Thank you, David
Potholes and rough pavement in  location in both directions.  Thank you, David
Large pothole WB W Point Loma Blvd inside lane before Adrian St.  Thank you, David
Pothole in southbound lane
Very dangerous and large pothole right in  middle   street. Appears to be more like a sinkhole now.
Huge pothole  on  middle   street before going on  56 eastbound on ramp thats damaging tires
Just f Carmel Mtn Rd. on Gerana Street zip 92129. The street is torn up pretty bad.  feels like you're going f-roading. The potholes and street are in very bad condion and need repair asap. The long term use   road is causing damage to vehicles. The cracking and potholes start immediately upon turning onto Gerana St. and go up from re about 30 yards or more. Please address  crumbling street as soon as possible. Thank you.
driving west on Navajo past Patrick Henry oppose  newly fixed pothole is anor one deeper than that one in  no 1 lane.
Potholes
Potholes in  middle   sidewalk that caused a Public Safety tripping hazard please fill se  is  second request
Potholes around that stretch.
There are almost 50 small pot holes going down Morningside st on towards Sedgewick
Large pothole approximately 6 to 8 inches deep
Numerous potholes between Sherman and Hicock Streets.
Big pothole in  right side driving lane, just above where street repair work had been completed.
Entire court needs repaving. pot holes, cracks ,weeds hole in street wh raised asphalt
Bad pothole
street filled wh several potholes. 46th st 1100-1200 block
I watched  trash truck create  HUGE pothole in front  my driveway  morning. I am EXTREMELY concerned as  looks like  makings  a sinkhole. I can't send  photo because each time I load  to  page,  page freezes.
Severe potholes that drivers in  north-bound left lane are forced to drive over.
3 potholes in far-right turning lane
Various large potholes at  intersections when exing  8 west and driving north on college avenue towards del cerro blvd. thank you for your help.
Multiple large potholes in  alley behind apartment complex 4636 Utah Street, San Diego, CA 92116.  This is  alley south  Adams Avenue that runs between Idaho Street and Utah Street.  The biggest hole has loose chunks  concrete and is about 8 inches deep-- could really tear up a car if someone drove through at night when 's not very visible.
LARGE POTHOLE!
Pot hole at crosswalk
Multiple potholes on Morena north before Avati
The entire street is filled wh potholes. If  pleases  crown I would like my Street re-paved immediately wh  tax dollars that I pay every year. So I don't have to make repairs on  vehicle that I pay taxes on every year. All wh  my money that had already been taxed.
The entire street is filled wh potholes. If  pleases  crown I would like my Street re-paved immediately wh  tax dollars that I pay every year. So I don't have to make repairs on  vehicle that I pay taxes on every year. All wh  my money that had already been taxed.
Crater on previous repaired portion street. Please repave our streets to include Kelowna. Thank you!
The entire street is filled wh potholes. If  pleases  crown I would like my Street re-paved immediately wh  tax dollars that I pay every year. So I don't have to make repairs on  vehicle that I pay taxes on every year. All wh  my money that had already been taxed.
The entire street is filled wh potholes. If  pleases  crown I would like my Street re-paved immediately wh  tax dollars that I pay every year. So I don't have to make repairs on  vehicle that I pay taxes on every year. All wh  my money that had already been taxed.
Pot holes on Ingraham Bridge
POTHOLES ON THE WHOLE BLOCK.
BAD POTHOLES NEEDING REPAIR ON THIS BLOCK.
Huge potholes in  right turn lane to grand. Also many potholes from Pacific Beach Dr. Toward Grand.
About 8 potholes right after  I-8 East framp on Colleg Ave heading northbound.
Huge pothole in left southbound lane!! 's been here for two months!!!
There is a stretch  awfully chunked up road on Midway Dr headin toward Rosecrans
Multiple potholes on Parkdale Ave between Flanders Dr & Port Royale Dr.
On College Avenue, at  traffic light where  eastbound ramp intersects wh College Avenue.  Traffic taking  College Ave ramp f 8 East, and turning left at  light and driving up College Ave away from SDSU, re are a series  large potholes - maybe 6 to 8 - deep and hard to avoid.  These are deep enough to push wheels out  alignment, I believe.  Please fill m wh something that lasts!
Several potholes on street
2 potholes on Eastbound Clairemont Dr. One is around 18" x 12" x 6" deep. Second pothole is also near , cars are swerving to avoid m.  can do very significant damage or cause accidents.
We have lived here for about 32 years and I don't believe that Bessemer Street between Rosecrans Street and Armada Terrace has been ever been resurfaced during that time. This section  Bessemer Street is very steep and is now full  large and deep pot holes.  a minimum  pot holes should be filled, but frankly  section  Bessemer Street needs to be resurfaced. Please have your inspectors look at  section  Bessemer Street and determine what you think is  best solution.
While driving west over  overpass over I-5 from Tecolote Rd , re is an ever increasing asphalt gap across both west bound lanes where  concrete overpass meets  asphalt just after  stop light. Both west bound lanes need asphalt filling in to avoid current huge and sudden, severe jolt to vehicles and make concrete to asphalt a smoor surface. Please do qualy smooth finish and not a new speed bump transion which is ten  case. Thanks !!
POTHOLES N/B FROM THIS POINT TO THE FREEWAY
POTHOLE
The pavement on  east leg   intersection  College Ave at Del Cerro Blvd is really bad and needs to be repaved.
There are massive potholes up and down Mount Alifan Drive in Clairemont Mesa. part   road/street has eroded away.
Recurring UGLY BAD BAD potholes from  Cy  San Diego property line to  east towards  I-15. This area has been neglected for so many years.  is main thorough fare  Del Sur (cy  San Diego) road being used to get to  I-15. The Cy property line location is from I-15 towards West to Camino San Bernardo past Bernardo Center Drive intersection.
There are 2 areas wh potholes very near each or at  corner  Ulric St & Linda Vista Rd at  ARCO station (6936 Linda Vista Rd).There is also a manhole cover much lower than street level on Linda Vista Rd just  south   potholes (about 100ft). The lower cover is much like a pothole at driving speed.
Ramp from southbound Hwy 15 to Hwy 5 north, re is a long deep pothole in  middle   curve.
Huge pothole has been here for a month! My car is damaged due to .
Several potholes at  intersection  Lincoln Ave & 30th Street. Mostly located going West and East on Lincoln.
Pothole NB turn lane convoy approaching balboa ave
The pothole is in  middle   Del Sol Blvd. and Beyer Blvd. intersection.
LARGE POTHOLE
Still here after 2 months. So my last report was referred to Caltrans  is not on  freeway  is on La Jolla Parkway
The pothole is on  right lane going east to west. In front  Fresenius Medical Care.
Twin potholes.  Sunset cliffs @ Santa monica

Heading west on La Jolla Parkway dangerous pothole toward bottom  hill. Could cause a flat tire.
Pothole in  intersection  Beech & 1st Avenue.
In right lane in front  school before you reach ir outside neon sign
Massive pothole


The first 400 or so feet  El Paso Real, as  begins at Muirlands Drive needs to be patched. The potholes and cracked pavement are terrible!
Off ramp from 94 to 15 north in serious disrepair and needs potholes fixed
This is perhaps  worst street in San Diego.   has numerous potholes and in a very urgent need  re-surfacing.
Terrible child endangering potholes.  has claimed  skin  many a child. Just waing for  broken arm. The absolute worst "patch" and I quote patch job to fix m. Needs to actually be repaved not patched.



Terrible patch job on  potholes in my cul-de-sac. Just waing for my child to break his arm and possible ankle.



Large pot hole on east bound Navajo road just east  margerum rd.This has been reported for over a month
Potholes near  f ramp   I-8 west. Two big potholes on College Avenue
Water is leaking out  pothole and asphalt is rising. The cy water department came out 2 weeks ago and put cones around  but didn't try to fix . This is  last time I will report  before I email  mayor!
large pothole,HAZARD
2 huge potholes next to each or, spaced right where your tires go, intersection  Sunset Cliffs & Santa Monica in Ocean Beach.
Large pothole in middle  intersection
Huge pothole
6 inch dip/pothole on Southbound Camino Ruiz in  fast lane/median. Getting deeper.
Two large pot holes in  middle   intersection  Mira Mesa Blvd. and Camino Ruiz.
Pot holes on  entire street
Deep potholes at  intersection  La Jolla Scenic S. and Rutgers Rd.Also very near in front  1540 La Jolla Rancho Rd. re are many potholes on  wh   road.thank you
Parking area f  west point loma has large pothole that needs to be filled
Heading 8 East, ex College Ave and turn left onto College Avenue north. Manyh deep potholes.
Pothole in right WB lane
South on Morena Blvd, deep pothole in right lane under hwy 8 overpass just before veer right onto hwy onramp.
Several potholes on Golfcrest Dr in right lane north  Ruane St.
Several potholes in  north lane between Monte Verde Dr and Ruane St.
Immediately after you turn left f  8 East onto College Ave, re are 4 potholes in quick succession.   Eir side  your car is in jeopardy.  If instincts cause you to jar left or right, you're most likely going to end up swiping eir a car next to you, or coming at you head on.
Potholes throughout  street on Rancho Carmel from 56 to Carmel Mountain Rd.
Very Huge pothole. Getting f  Garnet Avenue going on southbound to Morena Blvd.
Following all  rain  winter,  street in front  our home is significantly damaged and crumbling wh potholes directly in front  our driveway.
Following all  rain  winter,  street in front  our home is significantly damaged and crumbling wh potholes directly in front  our driveway.
Pot hole
HUGE tire-eating pothole in south bound lane in  middle  intersection  sunset cliffs Blvd and Santa Monica.
in right turn lane, a gaping pothole needs patching
 stretch  road is full  potholes,  entire stretch needs to be repaved.
2 holes at stop sign going towards 94 frwy
Large pothole
Pothold, middle  3 lanes, on right side  lane, a couple hundred feet west  Nobel on Miramar going east.  Several filled potholes before  one.
SOUTHBOUND ON CONVOY BETWEEN BALBOA & ARMOUR MIDDLE LANE
s/b on convoy, right hand lane
Potholes on both sides   street here. When are you going to repair?
Potholes and a large BUMP going south on Afton Rd. Next to elementary school. Please repair
Please make   necessary repairs on two huge pothole on 38th & Logan Ave location in front  stop sign , potholes has been re for several months  is an accident waing to happened.. Thank you
Camino De La Reina eastbound just coming out   163 underpass. The road is narrow re and re is a large pothole that forces cyclists into  eastbound traffic lane to avoid  pothole. Someone is going to get killed here.  I've reported  before.
Largest  many small potholes,   Area over where underground work has been done in  past is crumbling.
Very deep potholes and ruts.   looks bad enough to cause a motorcycle to crash.  Also, re is water leaking from somewhere possibly causing  problem.
Big pothole in alley behind 4352 Altadena Ave
Possible  sinkhole forming
Damage to road due to bus stop approach has caused asphalt to swell upwards. Has 6 inch uplift
Trench settlement
Just past tons  potholes on Catalina. Please review last mile   location.
Please inspect  two blocks   Paseo de Las Americas between Airway Rd and Sizemore Viva Rd....lots and lots  potholes. This is a boarder town wh heavy trucks utilizing streets.  POTHOLES everywhere....
Pothole in street on Upas. West bound
This morning,  trash truck created a very large pothole right in front  my driveway.  looks more like a sinkhole.
Pothole on Eastbound Navajo in left lane.  Pothole is at about 4 feet long along direction  travel, and several inches deep.    There are many potholes on  section  Navajo road but  one is  worst by far.
POTHOLES, WHOLE STREET!
Tracking Number: 00166981 We rode our bikes past  location today and saw  was patched. So...never mind, and thank you.
On DMH going west, left lane before Torrey ridge, several potholes

A deep pothole associated wh a water leak is on  northbound lane.The pothole and leak should be considered a safety hazard in my opinion as people are trying to avoid  wh quick driving maneuvers. This is a busy street heading to Costco.
Deep pot hole on west side  street headed south
There is a pothole on West bound Friars Road (directly under  train tracks).   was close to 16 inches wide and 4 inches deep.
West bound middle lane approximate location. One  2 potholes,  or is just before  stop light also middle ? lane. Both potholes been re for months. please fill soon.
Eastbound Camino de la Reina, at  eastern end   CA 163 underpass, has a large pothole on  right side   road. This is a danger to eastbound cyclists because  pothole is difficult to see in  darkness beneath  underpass, and because cyclists must veer left (into traffic) to avoid .

Developing sink hole in #1 lane south bound. Getting worse--over  past week.
South side ramp to Garnet
Pothole in front  church entrance
Deep pot hole
12-18 inches in circumference in  middle   street
Potholes all along Clairemont Mesa Blvd heading eastbound between Doliva & 805 southbound on ramp.
Major error in road work filler. This was a job that was filled wh st blacktop and is causing cars to sway and h ors
Horrible potholes and eroding patch jobs all along Triana between Derrick and Limerick. Some   potholes are as much as 6inches wide and 3 or 4 inches deep.
LARGE POTHOLE INFRONT OF ADDRESS
SEVERAL LARGE POTHOLES
Cy paved  whole neighborhood, but left  100 yard stretch torn up by prep machine and unpaved wh 2 large potholes
Pothole near cross walk in left lane southbound.
As you turn from heading southwest on Sorrento Valley Boulevard to Northwest on Roselle Street (heading for  I5 south onramp), in  left lane, right at  apex   curve re is a very nasty teeth rattling pothole.
Large Pothole in front  Library
Pothole
Pothole
Several potholes west side  Park Blvd at Universy from Lincoln Ave to Robinson.Severe one's at intersection  Park/Univ.
Although  majory  holes were filled in (THANK You) re remains one more just a few feet south. I think 's adjacent to  manhole cover but 's hard to tell.
Pot holes on both sides   street
Severa large potholes in 19th/C intersection
Going east and west on La Jolla Pkwy pot holes in lane pathways. You have to swerve eir into or lane or shoulder. Their is one especially eastbound just before you go over   "5" that is getting bigger by  day. Too dangerous to take pictures
Two big potholes on Collage Ave. North bound where  bridge over  8 freeway is.
Potholes.
Potholes in that section.
Pothole 25 yards before and right after  intersection on Pomerado going east/north.
Potholes ..................
Potholes on  road
There are 2 HUGE Potholes in  alley way behind 4642 Utah Street Condo Complex.  The huge potholes are extremely dangerous for cars, pedestrians, and  stabily   structure   street that could turn into a sink hole.  s that bad!!!! This requires immediate attention before someone or something needs medical attention.
SINKHOLE FORMING PER ES WATER UNIT 1926
POTHOLES
3 POTHOLES
POTHOLES ON FAIREMONT UNDER I 8 FWY
Pot hole on Acena Dr just north  Hierba.
deep pothole in  intersection  ash street and 3rd street.  is in  middle lane.
A series  large potholes and gouges in  street (Sencillo) over a distance  about 10-15 yards near  address.
Pothole 15' long loose gravel at  entrance  my driveway, corner   GlenRoy and Dundee. Dangerous lip and loose gravel creating a very dangerous suation when I ex and enter my driveway especially wh my motorcycle. I have almost wiped out on many occasions. Any help would be appreciated.
Dangerous pothole in  right lane   intersection
severe pothole where Chamoune Ave meets Landis Street
EXTREMELY severe potholes at  corner  Chamoune Avenue and Polk Avenue
This pothole keeps coming back corner  Santa Monica and Sunset Cliffs ocean beach
Pothole
There is a big pothole right next to  manhole cover in front  5058 February Street. My son almost crashed on his bike when he h   or day. Please fix ASAP, very dangerous!
Pothole on Ingulf, just south  Denver
Huge pothole. Needs to be fixed asap. Popped my tire. Who do I talk to regarding vehicle damage?
From outer cross all  way up to eastward to palm all  way to 805 freeway needs to be fixed. Thanks!
right side  road going east
Huge pothole on Mira Mesa blvd approximately 100 yards East  Reagan Rd in  right lane.
Pothole, damaging cars. On framp to get onto Morena Blvd. heading southbound.  Several potholes here wh no light to see m when driving on  road.  Very hazardous and dangerous.
West bound balboa around & past Clairemont drive
West bound Balboa at Mt. Everest
Several Potholes wh one HUGE pothole causing damage to my car (Separate claim to cy pending file).  Hazardous especially at nights since  area is not l wh lights.  LOCATION: Garnet Ave going (east) onto  Southbound ex to get onto Morena Blvd.  *** attached photos  during day and evening***
HUGE pothole going West down Clairemont drive towards cross street is Galveston st.
Large pothole Carmel valley road to 56 on ramp right at el Camino real
Pot hole in entrance / ex to parking lot. 's deep and almost every car scratches bumper on  ways out.
There are 3 large potholes at  intersection on Lane #2
There is a large pothole on  Eastbound lane  Carmel Mtn Road. 100 yards before Stoney Peak Dr. on Lane # 1.
Lane 2  Westbound road on Ted Williams has uneven paved road that stretches from about Carmel Ridge Road to  Shoal Creek Dr. The road has existing erosion but 's getting worse.  Can possibly cause accidents due to cars avoiding  area will be swerving to eir side   lane.
Southbound Moraga Av in front  4120 Moraga
Multiple potholes up and down  alley becoming a problem for not just me or residents that have to use  alley to pull in ir parking lot re are potholes at  beginning  middle and  end   alley

2 potholes

West bound ecb at Texas #3 lane in intersection
Our whole street is filled wh many potholes. The area directly in front  my house and driveway is one whole pothole and very dangerous, I have twisted my ankle and fallen when putting out  trash cans.  I have an L4,L5 back injury and  was re-aggravated for about a month. If  were to happen again I will file a su against  Cy as  pain is unmanageable. Your attention to  matter immediately would be greatly appreciated.
Two very large potholes just outside  main entrance   FBI building. Thank you.
Since  Pipe construction that happened last year, Burtech construction completed  job, and repaired Robinson Ave after cutting large dches top replace  pipes. Everywhere that y fixed  street,  road has sunk into  dch by a couple  inches up to 6 inches in some spots.
Potholes cracked asphalt
Pot holes
Potholes
Pot hole at on ramp from Garnet Ave to Morena Blvd south.
LARGE POTHOLE IN INTERSECTION
Pot hole on Friars Rd west just east  highway 5
Large Pot Hole in front  entrance to container yard
Several potholes on Greenford Drive heading north to Hillary Drive, one pothole in  intersection. Thank you.
large pothole. people swerve around  to or side  road disrupting traffic flow.
Potholes on Parkdale Ave south lane approaching Gold Coast Drive Intersection.
Ongoing water leak. Never gets fixed correctly. Pot hole is getting bigger. This is a law su waing to happen.
Just north  where a water main valve failed a couple  months ago, we now have a depression deepening in  street. I am worried re is an underground water leak.
POTHOLE 100 YARDS FROM INTERSECTION GOING WEST ON FRIARS IN LEFT LANE.
Pothole 3 feet in diameter 12 inches deep
Bad pothole in  intersection
potholes between Art and Stanley on Seminolethanks
When merging onto 52E from La Jolla Parkway, re is a large area  destroyed roadway that will inevably destroy someone's tires.
Pothole getting larger. Pretty soon cars will have to start driving on wrong side to avoid .
Norast corner Qualcomm and Rio san diego Dr
DEEP POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION. CARS ARE DRIVING ON OPPOSITE SIDE RD. TO AVOID IT.
This repair request was previously submted.  The pothole has not been repairedDear CHARLES WEBER,Thank you for submting  report. The status   report has been updated to closed in  Cys system. If you have any questions or need addional information on  work performed, please reply to  e-mail.Tracking Number: 00157069Problem Type: PotholeProblem Description: Damaged and rough, bumpy areas where roadway is damaged. Southbound lane and middle  street across from 5217 Cardeno Drive, San Diego, 92109Problem Location:5217 Cardeno Drive, San Diego, CA, Uned StatesThank you for contacting  Cy  San Diego.Sincerely,
 Collier and 32nd Street, 92116; also at Collier and West Mountain View Drive, 92116 and all along Collier between W Mt View Dr and 32nd Street.
pothole
POTHOLE SIZE OF A CAR-ONE FT DEEP
Southbound, right lane. Under  I8 overpass.
Some trenches we dug and back filled wh decompose grane which has wash away leaving  a hazard.
Two large pot holes at he intersection
In  alley above  water meter,  concrete is falling apart and is a trip hazard



Pothole
2 potholes
3 LARGE POTHOLES IFO ADDRESS
Poor cover job. Needs repair.  SB on  CM at cuco
MAJOR POTHOLES IN ALLEY CREATING TRIPPING HARZARD.
Please repair potholes on  RIGHT lane going east on Aero Dr. Oppose  "Aero Drive Office Complex" or Continuing Education Complex.
Going west on Aero Dr, please repair a pothole on  "Right Lane" before  hotel.
Sever pothole discontinuy, #1 Lane EB Friars approx 370' west  Santo Road.  This appears to be a failed repair.
Large pothole in right turn lane
Due to trench dug across College Ave,  company building a new "Apartment Complex" here did NOT patch and repave  street correctly. Temporary patch  asphalt has sunk in and  will soon become anor deep pothole. THEY NEED TO PATCH THE STREET CORRECTLY. IT'S THEIR CONSTRUCTION, HAVE THEM FIX IT ACCORDING TO STANDARDS
Left Lane going west on Montezuma Rd (were  Crosswalk is). Pothole on  LEFT lane please repair .
Deeper Potholes
Large pothole on eb  Garnet transion ramp to sb Morena
Southbound Linda Vista road, just at stop line before Ulrich.  Patched strip across both lanes (not sure about turn lane) has sunken like a pothole.
Several small holes
Whole series  potholes on Marlesta between Chasewood and Beagle/Auburndale.Several large potholes, and a series  smaller ones all linked whin a patched section   roadway.One, I believe just east  Chasewood as well.
Large hole in left lane
Large pothole in front  school
Medium sized hole in 2nd lane
This isn't actually a pothole, but  manhole cover in front   Arco on southbound Linda Visat, just past/south  Ulric is about 3" below  surface   street.  Can't be just filled, I realize, but hope someone can get  in  system to have  manhole adjusted so 's  same level as  street.VERY jarring going over  and almost impossible to miss hting  from right lane, near ARCO.
Pothole on sidewalk where att cable boc.is located
Huge pothole going east on  La Jolla Parkway before before  fork  52E and 5S
There is a deep pothole/sinkhole on Cardinal Dr. just south  Redbird. Deep enough that someone put a traffic cone into  to save car damage.
HUGE POTHOLE IN ALLEY BLEW OUT TIRE. HOLE WAS MADE BIGGER BY TRASH TRUCK.
Multiple potholes on Canon cross  Scott St.
Multiple potholes on Canon Dr. between Anchorage and Scott.
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
POTHOLE CAUSED FLAT TIRE.
Potholes
Six  potholes from hwy fifteen to Carmel MTN road
Potholes on eastbound Pomerado Road at Avenue  Nations intersection. Potholes are on  west side and east side   intersection.
Pothole on westbound Pomerado Road just west   Chabad intersection
Several potholes on ramp from 94east to 15north
Fifteen     Potholes Camino del Norte to highway fifteen
POTHOLE CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE.
Clairemont drive south  balboa, northbound right lane
Pot hole making left onto Santo road into  village apartments, on friars road!
pothole in road. damaging to cars
Fifteen potholes between west Bernardo road and matinal
Potholes between Tortuga and Guincho
Pothole

Huge pothole in right turn lame from northbound Linda Vista to eastbound Genessee
Pothole in crosswalk

Trench across road getting deeper and deeper
From my address along Genesee Ave up to Balboa, tons  potholes.
Pothole near south side curb in crosswalk between eastbound Universy Ave and on-ramp to northbound 805. Norast corner   'new' Chevron station.
Trench dug, refilled wh sand that has all washed away in rain. Deep, very dangerous to cyclists. Runs from 28th St to Pershing, on westbound Redwood. Unless you want anor multi-million  $$$ settlement,  please get  fixed.

Medium size pothole on last entrance to  Home Depot in Southland Plaza shopping Center (right lane).Between Southland Place Drive and Saturn Blvd.
Road height gap
HUGE pothole.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE ON UNIVERSITY, WEST BOUND PRIOR TO THE 32ND INTERSECTION.
There are several large potholes at  very end  Kearny Villa Road one is very deep and could cause major car damage!!  The road at  end   street is terrible and if  potholes could be filled in  would be a tremendous help especially since re are hundreds  residents who drive on  street daily
Too many potholes when turning left into College Ave when getting f  I-8 East.
There is a big pothole on interaction  West Carmel Mtn Road and Stoney Peak Drive. Please help to fix  as soon as possible. Thank you.
The surface   street is terrible. The road is damaging my tires. Is is upsetting that a year ago Sabre Springs was replaced from Poway Rd to Ted Williams and y stopped. This road wasn't even bad. Our road is and has been terrible. I'm thinking those 2 parts   road are run by different people. If so  Saber Springs person is more caring than ours. We needed  resurfacing not m.  is too late to fix pot holes. The street needs to be resurfaced.
The pothole is on Farnham and Ruffin Road
Huge pothole just before you turn right onto Montezuma headed North.
Potted asphalt.  Loose chucks  asphalt in roadway.
Sinkhole starting in  slow lane closest to  fwy. You notice  when you frive over .
There is temp road patch that is sinking and is now like a pothole.
Multiple potholes in left lane westbound DelMar heights between Lansdale and Torrey ridge RD
Three different rows  potholes. Cy came out once already to repair m, whin two weeks y formed again.
PER PD: 1X1FT, 1.5FT DP POTHOLE UNDER 1-5 BRIDGE. HAZARD FOR CYCLISTS.
Broken asphalt
Pothole wh small whe utily cover at bottom.  Very deep and jarring.
5 large potholes on College Ave at  point that  8E ex to College meets College.
Really deep
Pothole at intersection
In second lane from left
Bad potholes on 1st at Laurel.
Access cover is missing. Hazard to crossing pedestrians and cars wh small wheels and bikes.
Potholes at  location

The construction and temp bus stop had DESTROYED  section  road. SB

In EB lanes
Several potholes in intersection
On Camino Del Norte re are countless amount  potholes that are extremely huge and dangerous!
4x6 sinkhole
Multiple potholes along northbound Convoy Street between Armour St. and Ollo Ave.
Pothole near  northwest corner  Sixth Avenue and Upas Street.
Multiple potholes near  souast corner  Linda Vista Rd. and Genesee Ave.
Multiple potholes along southbound Sixth Avenue from  163 Freeway to Washington Street.
Near center divide
very deep,   eastbound
Large pothole on eastbound lane  Friars road, just before Santo road intersection in left lane. Very large pothole. Hard to see until you are on top   pothole.
Multiple Tank Traps just north  intersection  EB-I8 OR to NB College Ave, #1 lane  College Ave.
Pothole
Big pothole in intersection Margerum and Navajo Road, aligns wh #1 lane  EB Navajo.
POTHOLE ON EAST BOUND SIDE.
Big pothole
There is a Large Pothole before  'street dip' on Kelton Road and Bollenbacher.  Please fix  Pothole as soon as possible, since Kelton Road is a heavily used road. Thank you.
Affects sidewalk and lane
Potholes. Everywhere. Ouch.
The whole street  Flanders is in terrible condion. These multiple potholes are scattered in front  Jonas Salk Elementary School.   potholes are getting bigger and bigger because people are driving over  and  is makingt he pothole larger and larger. This road does not need a quick fix patching up by adding more asphalt,  THE WHOLE STREET NEEDS TO BE REPAVED!!!!!!
Deep pothole in EB lane
Fix all potholes on clairmont drive between fairfield street and  i-5 ramps in both directions.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Huge sunk area on road patch wh a sharp edge.  Car nearly bottomed out.
Pothole in left lane at  intersection.  has been re a while but keeps getting bigger.
Several potholes in southbound lane  Vista Sorrento Pkwy between Lusk Blvd and Directors Pl.
There are a lot  que large potholes from  intersection for  next couple  blocks going west on  street.
Turning right onto C street when you are heading south on 30th Street toward  94 re are dozens  potholes that I see constantly causing damage to cars in  neighborhood. I also see people needing to dramatically swerve around m and nearly h oncoming cars or those parked on  street. I drive an SUV and do not have issues on any or streets in  Cy that I regularly use that are as bad as . C Street between 30th and 29th and  alleyway between B St and C St are in dire need  repair before something more serious happens if  hasn't already.
There is a very deep pothole on  right side   outside lane when heading eastbound on Camino Del Norte just east  Interstate 15.
Large pothole
2 deep potholes North bound on College ave where  east bound framp from 8 east turning left
There are lots  potholes and cracks between Missouri and Beryl, especially on  easy side  road
POTHOLES AT INTERSECTION PER PD
on  bridge exing sorrento valley f  805 north  left lane--
Pothole on Rio San Diego Drive heading west before turning left onto Qualcomm Way heading south.
Pothole located eastbound on Camino de la Reina on  right lane before  Camino de la Siesta intersection.
On  west side   road.  Location approximate.  Two potholes.
Between Comstock and Genesee. And Southbound at Ulric and in front  AMPM.Also Genesee East Between Linda Vista Rd and 163. Very heavily traveled thoroughfares.Also Friars Rd West under  5 Freeway near  construction se where  big crane is. Thanks
Substantial potholes all along  road.
A huge rectangular Pothole and or smaller potholes on Southbound Bernardo Center Dr. right after leaving  intersection  Rancho Bernardo Rd.  There were potholes in  area that have already been repaired  is new
Multiple potholes north bound on college ave (bridge portion over freeway)
Deep potholes at entrance to parking lot/alley
Multiple large 2"+ deep potholes on NB lanes.
Multiple smaller linear potholes in EB outside lane.
Medium size, 2" deep, pothole at edge  pavement-lip  gutter in NB turn lane.
Big hole in concrete paving  alley between CVS and La Jolla Brewing Co. Dangerous and getting bigger.Thank you.
Small, 3"+ deep, pothole in right lane in left wheel path.
Repair surface and eliminate potholes on Torrey Pines Road from Girard Ave. To La Jolla Village Drive. A mess and getting worse.
Northbound Ingraham St. has multiple potholes from Diamond to Chalcedony Streets.  Previous patches have already failed.
Pothole in turn lane
large pothole in intersection  La Jolla Scenic Dr South and Rutgers Rd.  Near  cement portion   intersection.
Two potholes on Parkdale Ave heading north from Gold Coast Drive. Thank you.
Pothole on Flanders Drive heading west at Dancy Road. Thank you.
Pothole heading west on Flanders Drive before Camino Santa Fe. Thank you.
Large pothole norast corner  Law & Fanuel intersection.  After stopping at stop sign, cars heading west on Law St. have to veer eir to  right or left to avoid .  Hard to see at night.
Deep pothole on Balboa Ave heading west just after  intersection wh Clairemont Drive.
Pothole on sb Fairmount Ave, under 8 freeway
Pothole
3 potholes in  northbound lane  Princess View Road,  2nd report, nothing has been done.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole in  crosswalk, near NE corner  Jutland and Luna.
Intersection before  on-ramp   East 56 at El Camino Real
Pothole, on westbound Jutland Dr. There was a previous pothole repaired right in front   new one
Pothole
The left west bound lane on Palm Ave and Cochran 92154. Is sinking. I drive daily,   rate  noticeable sinking  approx.  6" X 3' section is accelerating. This was "repaired" whin  last year after stop lighting was installed.
About 2 weeks ago   sidewalks were redone wh yellow mats for disabled.   The mess that was left at  intersection  colima and bellevue place is terrible.   A gap was left between  new asphalt on Colima and  existing surface on Bellevue place.   That is full  potholes and a bad surface which did not exist before.   I spoke to  road workers and y assured me that  new surface would run up to  existing surface.    does not and is awful to drive over.    street has not yet been re-striped.  i am requesting that  intersection be cleaned up and finished properly.   thank you.
I'm not sure what  is. The cover says water.  is obviously sunken. 's on a steep hill.
Traveling east on Carmel Valley Rd onto 56 on ramp. Middle  intersection.
There are three more in  or side   street in front  7427 Margerum Ave as well. The largest is about 1 ft across.
EB Camino de la plaza at Virginia Ave Intersection. In  area   crosswalk that crosses Camino de la plaza - I-5 side oppose las americas.
From Carmel Mountain to Ted Williams,  portion  Rancho Carmel is a nightmare for both cars and bicycles.    I wouldn't be surprised if  cy has paid claims because   stretch  road..  's a hazard.
Multiple potholes. Please re-pave Trebol St
Needs re-pavement!
Needs re-pavement!
Crumbling Road
Patchwork on road not completed for a very long time
Paul and road for a very long time, not completed.

Many potholes on Clairemont Dr. as you drive down  hill (going west).
Large pothole that has been here for a few days
Deep potholes, both lanes.  North direction between Narragansett and Niagara.Zip code 92107.
Pothole middle  street and by  wheelchair curb.
What about wheelchairs. This is one block away form senior cizen garing communy center.
Large pothole needs attention
More disintegration  street.'s almost like cobblestone wh a couple  pieces gone
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION.
Potholes
Pothole


Sabre Springs Parkway was resurfaced about six months ago from Poway Road to Evening Creek Drive North. The cy has not come back to finish  job from Evening Creek Dr. N to Carmel Mt. Road (name changes to Rancho Carmel Dr.). The section  road from  Hwy 56 overpass north is getting worse by  day. Please help  communy, we pay a lot  money annually in taxes and  should not be an issue forcing our hand to ligation if not resolved.
Huge pothole
Potholes
Please add both sides   previous street north & south rancho Carmel road
Potholes in both directions in  10000-10179 block  Friars Rd.
Pothole at  end   transion ramp from Mission Village Dr to eastbound Friars Rd.
Potholes on  transion ramp from southbound Fairmount Ave to Aldine Dr.
Pothole in  southbound #1 lane at 5699 Fairmount Ave.
Potholes on  east side   intersection  Riverdale St and Glacier Ave.
Potholes on  south side   intersection  Vista Sorrento Parkway and Sorrento Valley Blvd.
Good-sized pothole at  ped crossing on  north side  Bluffside where  intersects Mission Bay Drive.   requires drivers turning from Mission Bay Drive to swerve a b to avoid - or getting a big surprise.
A size   12"W x 18" x 8" deep pot holes on  left lane at or above  mark. My car's tire was damaged due to that.
Location is eastbound Friars Rd in  left turn lane just prior to Santo Rd. This is a very bad pothole and must be fixed immediately.  could easily cause a blown tire and loss  control   vehicle.
Entire cul de sac and street coming into cul de sac needs to be completely repaved. I have twisted ankle multiple times. 85 yr old neighbor fell and broke nose/had 60+ stches and multiple children that live here have fallen in street/gotten hurt. The cy had been out several times but only patched. And those just made things worse. All  streets around ours were repaved. PLEASE FIX THIS BEFORE MORE PEOPLE GET HURT. We have all lived here 20+ yrs and have been more than patient. Please fix ASAP
S/B LANE OF MORENA BL
Massive pothole that is damaging rims. Please fix
2 large potholed located at  intersection  vista Sorrento valley parkway and Sorrento valley road
Navajo road from College to Parkridge, both sides   road are getting worse.
Potholes
POTHOLE.
Several potholes at  intersection
Large pothole at  intersection  Carroll Way and Trade St.  Travelling north on Carroll way turning left onto trade street re is an approximately 8 inch deep pothole between  blacktop and  cement drainage ..  is also several feet wide.  Pothole is large enough to cause significant damage to some vehicles.
BAD POTHOLES THAT CAUSE DAMAGE.
Pothole

POTHOLES ON BOULDER LAKE FOR 5 BLOCKS!
4 major potholes .  night I almost crashed my car into one. They are huge . And causes a lot  damage to my car.
Can  we seriously do something about  potholes in San Diego. I lerally just spilled cfee all over my pants
Medium pothole, 2" deep, in  right wheel path   right lane.
2275 Pentuckett anor sink hole depression starting. Now makes 2 potential sinkholes near recent repair  large sinkhole.
Many potholes on Rancho Carmel Drive and near  bus station at Sabre Springs parkway
Pothole in eastbound turning lane
Medium pothole, 3"+ deep, middle  intersection at man hole cover.
Multiple longudinal potholes, 1-2"+ deep, in left wheel path  center lane. 200-300'
Medium pothole, 2-3" deep, middle  intersection in #1 WB lane.
Multiple potholes on westbound lane. Hazard for cyclists as cracks can cause severe injury
Small pothole, 3"+ deep, in right wheel path  SW bound lane.
BAD POTHOLES AND CAUSING MAJOR VEHICLE DAMAGE.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE NORTH BOUND LANE OF SAN ANDRES DR.
There are many potholes on Camino Del Norte from I-15 on  east to Bernardo Center Drive on  west.  Please have a crew repair se potholes before an incident happens that  Cy is liable for.Thank youGalen Peterson16064 Sun Summ Pt.San Diego, CA 92127(858) 487-7000
Potholes in intersection Rosecrans and Midway
Pothole in NB lanes
Pot hole at on ramp to Nimz Bl northbound on Famosa Bl.  left lane.
Pothole
Virtual pot hole across width  Catalina Bl pink aggregate severely sinking and needs new asphalt covering underground utily lines installed in 2015/2016 causing severe tire damage. Pls have cy and or contractor to fix please.
Underground utily lines back filled wh pink asphalt? from 900 block Catalina Bl all  way south to  Naval Station gate and beyond Navy Federal Cred Union fice south bound needs new asphalt over  one mile approx stretch to smooth current asphalt and prevent tire damage. Some portions in 900 block smood over but entire length needs asphalt. The same is needed on north bound Catalins Bl from  900 block area. The current pink fill is sinking and is easy to spot so please do  right and fill in over all  pink wh smmooth asphalt like is done in some south bound parts. Thanks !!
Pothole at  left turn lane where  curve in begins southbound
Giant pot holes heading down  hill on Valeta street just past Corriea Middle towards Famosa Blvd.
Large pot hole heading west on Clairemont Dr. My car went over  pothole popping 2 tires and damaging two wheels.  is a significant road hazard.
Exposed rebar and pot hole exposed that is pretty deep and dangerous that needs to be patched asap
Hole repaired recently, now worse, think pipe must be leaking beneath.
The block between Genesee and The corner  Beagle and Auburndale is a total mess.  Residential streets in area are being repaired but  has been a very bad street for years.  is full  potholes and cracks in  pavement
Large pothole at  driveway entrance  Leisureland Mobile Villa
Potholes making road undrivable
POTHOLES!
Pothole
WB La Jolla Village & Villa La Jolla in left turn lane is a large pothole.
Starting at 5600 Clairemont Mesa Blvd., traveling east bound, re is a long series  shallow pot holes in  right hand lane.  For a length  about a block re is 12 to 15 pot holes.
West bound Balboa, right hand lane, just past  Clairemont Dr. is a pot hole to be filled
North bound Morena Blvd., right hand lane, a series  pot holes starts just past  Balboa overpass, and continues for a full block or more.  Counted more than 10 holes that need filling.
potholes in  eastbound lane
Please fill in  pothole just before The crosswalk
There are multiple potholes from Linda Vista Road to  163 entrance. As well as on  or side   street from  163 to Linda Vista Road. About half a dozen at least on each side   road

This is just one  about 10 bottles on  street from stop sign to stoplight
several potholes southbound morena bl
Crews have fixed  one a few times, but  keeps coming back!
South-bound Moraga between Wicopee & Ecochee.
This soon to be crater, which is a POORLY, PATCHED POTHOLE has been rapidly deteriorating at a fast rate and can cause major damage to every vehicle that drives over . IT IS UNAVOIDABLE! Especially during  evening due to  lack  sufficient street lighting, AS WELL AS, during rush hour when a driver is unable to avoid  whout veering into oncoming traffic and/or cannot change lanes in a timely matter because  or cars not giving way! is on a highly used road - entering into  left-had turn lane onto Santo Road from Friars Road east.  feels like you have jumped onto anor level   road and jarring to one's vehicle!
POTHOLE
LARGE POTHOLE SOUTH ENTRANCE OF BALBOA AND  MORENA BL
  corner  Fairmount ave and Poplar street (southwest corner?), in front  Fairmount Mercado
They skipped  part and y resurfaced all   rest , mistery !!
 Nobel ( going west)and  entrance to La Jolla Village Drwy (entrance to  shopping center - B  A and Whole Foods - re are a series  potholes - some were filled - several very deep ones - were not.  Why? Why? Why? Why not fill m all at once?!!!!!!  A driver must drive over  unfilled ones before getting to  filled ones!  Good lord!  I can figure  out and I don't even work for  highway dept.
Huge pot hole takes most  lane.
In front  east bound Zoo bus stop
Please fix as soon as possible. 's causes wear on my tire every I back out  my driveway.
Large/deep pothole under trolley bridge and just north   I-8 overpass on Fairmount. Pothole is in southbound lanes.
Pothole on ramp from southbound Fairmount to Aldine.
Large pothole and several smaller ones in right lane going West.
2 large potholes, 5-6 smaller potholes on Morena Dr, right lane headed North
Potholes along Adams Ave between Esr St and 60th St
Dangerous pothole, disrupting traffic, and causing vehicular damage.
Dangerous pothole, disrupting traffic and causing vehicular damage
Dangerous pothole, disrupting traffic, and causing vehicular damage.
There is a very large pothole on  on-ramp to Morena Boulevard as you are exing Garnet Street. I was unable to avoid driving over  and  ripped my front right tire open today at 5pm on April 3, 2017.
Huge pothole as wide as entire lane.

Two pot holes in  crosswalk/ intersection  El Cajon Blvd. and Texas St. One at  Souast corner and  or at Northwest corner. Both pot holes are deep. Thank you.
Worst patch job ever.  Missed two big holes 5 ft away.   Someone should be wrten up for gross incompetence.  Come on guys we can do better.
Huge pot hole getting worse by  day
Both last Friday and today about 1/2 mile before getting on 163 South, on Genesee Avenue, my right front tire has h  same pothole and now my alignment is out  whack on my vehicle.  Please repair  hole wh cold or hot asphalt ASAP.  This is very dangerous. I had an eye wness on Friday, 3/31/17.
  stop light on Old Town Ave. and San Diego Ave., headed north and turning left from Old Town Ave onto SD Ave re is a huge pothole and  is hard to avoid and could be very damaging to cars!
Very deep and treacherous pothole--every or car is hting  hard. A lot  damage being done.
As you are going South Morena Blvd to enter I-8 East, re is a huge pothole that is hard to avoid and most cars are traveling at a high speed which makes  even more dangerous!
Very large pothole on right when driving south on Sunset Cliffs Blvd
Many many potholes
Extremely deep pothole on Sunset Cliffs and Santa Monica in front   library. Cars are swerving into opposing traffic to avoid , and those that aren't lucky have had ir front bumper ripped f, and ir suspensions wrecked.
numerous potholes on Genesee Ave westbound from Hwy 163 to Linda Vista Road
Saftey hazard on west side 3400 6th Ave at 600 Upas. In  lane closest to corner curb. Because   speed, rims bending. Please fix ASAP. Thanks
There are two pretty deep potholes on NB Morena Blvd., almost across from  entrance to  cy maintenance yard. These are on  right lane and sometimes hidden by  share created by  trees next to  lane.
Located in fast lane on east bound Friars between  entrance to 15N and Santo Rd.   Appears that  might have been previously patched and  asphalt has settled...but at 45 to 50 mph re 's hard to get a good look so not certain if my assessment is correct!.   But re is a big jarring hole.
Pothole in left lane  N. Torrey Pines heading south, just after Salk Instute Rd.
5 cy dug, perfect square holes, poorly back filled in by  cy workers after cy work done re resulting in quickly decaying erosion and pavement. This is not by natural causes. This is not a natural phenomena.
The road between poway rd and sabre springs parkway to/from I15 has a stretch  potholes and overall damaged road.  needs to be fixed.  starts from where Poway cy line starts before Springhurst rd to  I15. Please fix as soon as possible.
intersection  linda vista & comstock,  NE corner,  deep hole
 street has potholes,
Street is in terrible condion and had not been resurfaced in years. Potholes all over including a big bump next to  Social Secury Office
Asphalt potholes  4250 & 4280  East Bound  Clairmont Mesa  lane
Asphalt potholes 4420, 4211, 4114 South Bound Gresham
Second report about  large pothole tracking #00163482.  Southbound #2 lane.  Middle  lane.
The East end is Stalmer and  West end  closer to Ashford St. is Beagle. The street on  North and South side closer to Ashford St. is really bad. Past Bevis St. is what needs to be looked at. The potholes are deep and getting bigger.   just tears up  cars!
Second report in three weeks about  pothole tracking #00163486.  Northbound #1 lane or Navajo Road in left wheel track in intersection.  Very large and hazardous one near beginning  concrete divider.   could easily direct a car that hs  into that wall.  A Cy liabily as I see .
Numerous potholes and wide cracks in pavement on Navajo Road between College and Margerum.  Northbound #2 lane.  Second time reporting  in two weeks.  Playing dodge  line  potholes at 50 mph speed lim not very safe.
Second time in 3 weeks reporting  #00163485 pothole in  northbound #1 lane.  Middle  lane, but deep and very dangerous on  55 mph stretch  road.
Very very  large pot hole in  middle  lane.  Please fix  week! Big bike ride wh 1500 cyclists go over  spot in front  railroad tracks  Sunday morning April 9

Lane closest to oncoming traffic  La Jolla Parkway traveling East towards Highway 52 has has a pothole for at least two months. Cars are constantly swerving to avoid  massive pothole.
Pothole right at turn lane, LV north to Genesee east.
Several potholes on Triana, just east  Derrick intersection.  Noticeable on right side  Triana.  That is, for traffic going east on Triana.
Pothole on Lansdale going south towards Del Mar Heights Rd
POTHOLE ON FRAIRS UNDER I-5 BRIDGE!
Left lane pothole
Large pothole in right lane.
BAD POTHOLE E/B (INSIDE LANE)
9200 block  Chesapeake Drive2-3 potholes
Pothole
Pothole at 10550 Camino Ruiz, in  southbound left lane next to  median
pothole on  west side in  10500 block in front  Vinh market
There are some huge potholes in  alley between Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Conrad Ave-between Dubois Dr. and Cole Ave. I have made  report before and I received a response that  was done, but I know for a fact  was not. I am  apartment manager for  property  alley shares and  work was not done. Plse help.
WEST BOUND ON CLAIREMONT DR 2 LARGE POTHOLES..
On right lane  Balboa going west about 7 feet after crossing Clairemont Drive, re is a nasty pothole that never seems to get fixed. Please fix , as I drive re daily!!
Two huge pot holes on clairemont dr at gaveleston. Please fix right away. 8t big and dangerous. You hwve to drive around  y are si big.  Thank you
Hi. Pothole in front  marston middle school.  North bound side. About half way in front   school. Please right away. Thank you

Road at Palm Avenue is sinking so deep, needs to be fixed before someone gets an accident.

deep pothole getting worse over last few weeks...Easily 6 inches deep now and causing tire damage  at least 2 neighbors I know...
Two huge holes at Santa Monica and Sunset Cliffs. Can you actually permanently fix m  time? Temp patches are not working.
Three big potholes, two at  crosswalk and one just to  south. These suckers could do some damage.
west bound mira mesa blvd. in far right hand lane on  approach to turn right deep pothole jarring pothole just before you turn right into  shell / in-n-out burger placethanks
Pothole
Potholes
Huge potholes.  More than 50 potholes on his street in both directions.
PLEASE PATCH POT HOLES IN THE EAST BOUND LANES OF W. MISSION BAY DR. INBETWEEN MARINERS WAY AND THE BRIDGE.
Huge hole caused by construction traffic.
Several potholes at bottom  hill.
I have several large potholes in front  my house and my neighbor has a  very large bump in front  ir driveway that could damage ir new handicapped excessable van.  Myself and several  neighbors are confused why our street has not been completely repaved like all  surrounding streets (I have lived here 16 years) since any  us can remember. Thank you
between Gesner st and Paul Jones Ave re are numerous potholes. Beginning north  Gesner on Morena Blvd most  se are in  middle   lanes by  while line.   around 3300 re is a large deep one in  left lane that shakes  car. There are approx two large ones in  right lane before  turns into one lane right in area that is always we 7/24.  There are one or two more large ones to  north on way to Paul Jones Ave.  Hard to count even when driving slow. Thank You
Pot hole n/e corner   intersection..
deep potholes (about 3-6" deep) and go across two lanes   road. Causing major damage to vehicles.
pothole in eastbound lane at corner
UNDERMINED  2 HOLES DEEP, S/E/C  ABOUT 50 FT FROM INTERSECTION
This is in front   driveway in front  my house and is causing several cars to scrape going up my driveway. There are five or large cracks but I am only allowed to send one photo at a time. Please repave our street. I happen to see  car that was measuring  street drive down our street pretty fast and I understand we are not in line to have  fixed. I think you should review  again. Please repair for  time being. Thank you.
POTHOLE W/B TO MAKE RIGHT TURN ONTO CASS. ON X WALK
There are several large cracks towards  bottom   hill between my house and Bernardo Oaks Drive. Bicyclers have fallen coming down  hill and  is very hard on our tires since every time I leave  house I have to pass through  way. Please fill in all  large cracks and also  one at  bottom  my driveway since cars are scraping to get up my driveway. Thank you . I hope you can add my street to repaving since  was not added  last time I called.  really needs repair. Thank you.
w/b middle  intersection
S/B FAIRMOUNT AS YOU EXIT TO ALDINE  4 POTHOLES
POTHOLES   FROM DIAMOND TO CHALCEDONY ST
In  left hand lane  east bound Friars road is a pothole that is  width   lane.   looks like  has been recently patched but  is once again a deep pothole.
Marzo Street (Del Sur Blvd and Piedra Street) Street is in very bad condion. Would like to report pot holes and street in very bad condion
This area has been filled numerous time.  requires more attention than just a pot hole fix. The entire street in Redwood from 45th to Menlo is filled wh potholes and is creating a huge safety risk.
50 pot holes on that block
pot hole
Pothole at Grand Ave and Mission Bay Dr in Pacific Beach
Pothole on westbound North Park Way between Boundary and Bancrt.
POTHOLE
Really bad deep pothole
Pothole   Souast corner  Jackson Drive and Cowles Mt. Blvd. East bound on Jackson Drive. By  center divider. Fairly big.
There is a pothole in  #2 lane  westbound Balboa Avenue about 15 feet west   crosswalk for  intersection wh Clairemont Dr.
Pothole in EB lane
Depression in road from previous repair, causing cars to bottom out
Several potholes in EB lane
Pothole in EB lane
 appears  cy tried tried to fix a pothole - only for  problem to become worse. Now 's a weird sunken asphalt hole. Lerally you fixed a pothole and created a hole. 's on friars heading east - just west  santo road - far left lane. You can't miss  - just look for  cars swerving to avoid .
Pothole
Two potholes in  southbound lane, one approx a foot deep and in  crosswalk presenting a danger to cars and pedestrians

The repair was not done correctly. The pothole was not filled or has sunken. East  bound Friars road before  left turn lanes at Santo Rd.
Pothole on  south crosswalk.  That is new pavement too and that area has been soaked wh water for several months.  That is  cause   pothole.
deep potholes northbound on Ingraham St between Chalcedony St and Missouri St.thank you
The road condion on  intersection  Mira Mesa Blvd and Westview parkway really need major repair.  Please consider repave  section because 's a major gateway for thousands  daily commuters in Mira Mesa and greater San Diego Cy.    connects major technology companies and businesses.  This fix will bring tremendous posive impact to  communy.
Several deep potholes in  center lane going West on Clairemont Drive just west  Erie St. They force drivers to swerve to avoid m and  inves accidents.
West bound lane potholes
West bound lane potholes
West bound lane pothole
Pothole at intersection  Margerum Avenue and Navajo Road
Potholes in south bound lane  Navajo approaching Waring Road
Potholes in west/south bound lanes  Navajo Road approaching Waring Road
Potholes on Margerum Avenue
Potholes
Potholes on Margerum Avenue
Pothole on Morena Boulevard under I-8 overpass
Pothole on Gala Avenue
Potholes. Please, consider resurfacing  whole street.  is covered in potholes, makes  dangerous and uncomfortable to drive and makes our neighborhood look bad. Close by streets have been or are being resurfaced. Please, don't forget about our street as well.
Huge potholes on a very busy intersection. Moving from Sorrento valley Blvd making left turn to Sorrento valley Rd. Cannot take pictures, always a lot  traffic. Potholes are on  Sorrento valley rd
In  left hand lane
HUGE pothole! There are potholes all down  street! No adequate lighting to miss m and I just h ! Wanted  on record so when I send  cy n I'll for a new rim y'll cover  cost!! Please fix or repave ALL  street! This is my 4 th report in as many months! The condion is ridiculous!!!
2 large and deep potholes and erosion in westbound lane at Santa Monica Ave. school bus tires are jarred, concerned rims may be damaged. Unavoidable due to  narrow street.
100 + feet  potholes.
Huge potholes at  corner  Santa Monica Av. and Sunset Cliffs in Ocean Beach; please fix m.  Thank you.
Pothole in #1 northbound lane in left wheel track.  Just inside Cy lims.  Shallow, but large.
Middle  intersection
There are several potholes where  asphalt runs along  concrete gutter.
Pothole
Pot hole in center  SB side  street
Several large holes in direct line  very busy traffic. Dangerous to avoid wh lanes  traffic and can cause damage to car/tires or accident.
Sink hole corner  armory and Huxley.
Alley behind Dessert Spa on Clairemont Mesa Blvd between Cole and Dubois needs desperate repair many pot holes!
The black top is sinking into  ground, creating a hazard for all  cars coming down  hill.  Please fix.
This small strip  road needs a repaving. s like going froading wh how terrible  is to drive in  short piece  road to just get to  i5 onramp
Pothole near curb on south side  street
There are many potholes at  intersection going east on Burgener Drive. Please have m filled ASAP.
There are potholes on South Bound Balboa Ave.  and at  on-ramps on Morena Blvd. Please have m filled as soon as possible.
There is a pothole that is 5 inches deep on Balboa South Bound at  cross section  Mt. Everest Blvd.
Potholes in  eastbound lanes.
There are potholes at  on-ramp on Morena Blvd.
Pothole in  westbound lane.
Lincolon avenue us very rough.  From wabash and west.
Pothole in  westbound lane.
Potholes in both directions in  4470-4499 block  Taylor St.
A pothole has developed on Southbound Barrymore Street (13800-13898 block)  halfway between Oviedo Ave. and Talca Avenue.   is getting larger as car wheels roll over .
Large pothole in westbound lane just east  Erie
Pot hole
Annoying pothole southbound Genesee just past Linda Vista Rd.Right lane
Pothole is b and 's getting bigger on Clairemont Dr.
POTHOLE, E/B
On Northbound Morena Blvd near Avati Dr.  in  right most lane (heading north), re exist numerous large potholes from 3/10ths  a mile South  Avati Dr. to Avati Dr.
E/B POTHOLE
Right lane NB. Blew out my tire.
Degrading streets and potholes.
Right laneNB
NB right lane. Blew out my tire
Pothole
POTHOLE CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE.
Pothole is in  middle   intersection  those cross streets.
3 BAD POTHOLES  GETTING WORSE AND CAUSING DANGER TO TRAFFIC.
2 potholes on Clairemont Dr. at  intersection wh Galveston.  H   wrong way and your car really thunks.   is very hard to dodge when a car is turning and you don't have as much space to avoid m.
Missing tile in crosswalk 5 th and B street trip hazard
SEVERAL POTHOLES IN STREET
POTHOLES IN THE ALLEY
Large pot hole in  right lane  going west.
THE ROAD IN GOODE STREET BETWEEN MANZANA WAY AND PARKWOOD DRIVE HAS UNEVEN PAVEMENT THAT NEEDS TO BE FIXED DUE TO CARS AVOIDING THE UNEVEN PAVEMENT THAT CAUSES NEAR MISSES.
Intersection  Robinson and Centre. Subsidence  water line installation resulting in depression in pavement. Has  same effect as a pothole. This one is particularly bad, but re are also or water line installation pavement cuts throughout Robinson that are subsiding.
Many potholes in both lanes  Stalmer and Beagle Streets from Linda Vista Road to Ashford St.Thank you
Since  construction on Robinson has been completed,  repairs are failing between 10th and Park.  There are numerous potholes that pose a danger to cyclists and also cause damage to vehicles.  As a result   faulty repairs,  entire street needs to be repaved.
several potholes have developed in  intersection  6600 bonnie view just before green school heading east
Potholes in  street on Alta View from Potomac St to Omega StVery bad, and in major through fair road!!!
There is a pothole we would like to request be repaired before  La Jolla Half Marathon on Sunday, April 23 for  safety   runners. Thank you!
Massive pothole severely degraded asphalt about 5 feet in diameter at intersection west part  Catalina Bl and Pt Loma Ave. severly damaging to tires, etc and pedestrians crossing street.
Please fill pothole in  crosswalk   east leg  El Cajon Bl at Texas St
Heading westbound on Friars Rd, less than 50 yards from Sea World Drive, a very large pothole.
W/B ON SLOW LN OF BALBOA AV. JUST WEST OF CLAIREMONT DR.
There is a 2 foot by 4 foot pothole by 3 inches deep that has black paint/adhesive in  hole, but  pothole was never filled. The pothole is at  intersection in  left lane  east bound Rancho Bernardo Road. Please fill  large hazard!
large/deep potholes and cracks in  road on west bound Clairemont Dr. between Burgener Blvd and Denver Street at Galveston Street.  These have been getting progressively worse since  last big rain storm that happened over a month ago.
Number 1 eastbound lane
Number 1 eastbound lane
LRG POTHOLE GOING E/B. CLOSE TO 10" DEEP
POTHOLE 50 YARDS FROM SEA WORLD DR, W/B
Huge pothole in left lane southbound. Smaller pothole 300ft furr south. These have been here for months!!! FIX THEM!!!
POTHOLE ON UPAS FROM 31ST ST TO BOUNDARY!
Pot hole - almost broke my rim
There are several potholes whin 50 yards  each or here. I h  largest one yesterday morning at 6 am and suffered a flat tire and bent wheel and almost lost control  my car and crashed into  barrier. How can i get reimbursed for  replacement  my tire and wheel?
Potholes in right turn lane from northbound clairmont drive to eastbound balboa avenue.
4 foot wide, 6 inch deep pothole in fron  school.
Potholes
Potholes
dch, hole!
Pothole and uneven road. Watched multiple cars (SUV and vans) bottoming out. A lot  leaked oil from car damaged.  Behind Holy Family school entrance for children dropf and pickup.
Potholes on north bound lane up to twain Avenue
Potholes in North bound lane.
Large pothole in intersection  La Jolla Shores and El Paseo Grande.
Potholes at intersection  Brunswick and Glenroy along gutter
Recent work by Alliance and Sun Country Bldg. Road reworked Between Howard and Elcajon Blvd has caused  section to be 4"+  lower and sewer to be higher than safe. Wh rains re will be a river and might cause bike, motorcycle to get injured. Vehicle damage.
Large pot hole on Mt Blackburn Ave (near corner stop sign) . Cross street Mt Ararat Dr.  Right in traffic path.  Someone  (a neighbor said that y saw a anor neighbor put  a SD Cy orange cone in  pot hole to warn drivers.   is very dangerous.
Very dangerous pothole on  corner  Mt. Blackburn Ave and Mt Ararat Dr.  Neighbor put a cone in  hole to warn drivers.
Pothole at Dorcas and savannah
Very deep pothole in right lane in intersection going west
Pothole has been in existence for nearly half a year. 's on Dennery Rd northbound, closer to Del Sol Blvd.
Large DEEP pothole in Lane 3 heading west in El Cajon Blvd, just outside   crosswalk.  has been re for several weeks.

Large pothole has been growing in size for two weeks
Several potholes in  bike lane on Grand Avenue in  area where  crosses Rose Creek. These are very dangerous and hazardous to cyclists.
Bike lane has several longudinal gaps that can be hazardous to bicycles.
P/H ON SB LAMONT
Huge pothole
Pot hole
Pothole as you make a left turn from Laurel to State Street
Huge deep pothole olney and garnet just south  intersection
The pothole is so bad  damages cars. 's on sunset cliffs in OB going towards  cliffs. I believe  is  street before Newport. You really can't miss .
large cracks in road caused large pothole
Huge pothole, going downhill on Valeta towards Famosa
I reported  pot hole 20 days ago on  San Diego cy smart phone app and  has not yet been filled.  is a series  two diamond shape deep pot holes on right side   road. The potholes popped two  my tires and I had to replace both.
The whole road is a pothole
Large pothole westbound Washington under bridge
There is a very large pothole at  intersection  El Cajon Bl & Texas St westbound (in  crosswalk). Please fill  pothole and view  attached photos for clarification on  location.
Pothole in norrnmost lane  Ash street at 3rd Avenue
In front  5217 Cardeno Drive, San Diego, CA, 92109.  Pot hole in Northbound lane need repair.  Addionally re are numerous deep and damaging pot holes in  Northbound lane as you proceed up  hill for  next 1000 yards.   is a dangerous suation as  street is narrow and attempting to avoid  pot holes can cause a collision
Pothole 3100 hundred block  Fairmont and Glenfield st.
Pothole
Heading EAST through  intersection, please repair  pothole on  inside lane once crossing  intersection.  Your help is appreciated in  matter.  Thank you.
Recurring pothole repaired a month ago in Southbound lane. Appears that compacting was not adequately done- asphalt still in place. Badly rattles all auto undercarriage parts. Can be heard 200 feet away.
POTHOLE
EB lane
The surface condion  Ridgehaven Ct. going west from Ruffin Rd is  worst I have seen in  cy. This road is in a well traveled business area  Kearny Mesa. I have customers that come to my business that complain constantly about 's condion.   needs to be resurfaced in 's entirety.
On Camino Ruiz South, in front   Ving Hung supermarket at  end   medium, in  left lane re is a sinkhole that has been re for a month or two, possibly longer.
Huge pothole in  southbound lane  Fairmount Avenue and under  bypass   I-8 freeway
Pic is too blurry to see, but  is one   top 3 potholes I've seen in OB in  last 5 years ('s actually a collection  several potholes). On a very main / busy street (Sunset Cliffs at Santa Monica; in front   library). Please help!!!
There are multiple potholes (one que large)  on  right northbound lane  Morna Blvd just south  Avati Dr.
Sink hole forming due to incomplete sewer work AM-1. Filled as a pothole but immediately reformed.

Pothole in front   address.The exact location   pothole is: Pothole located  in  center lane   street which is used for vehicles traveling in both directions to make left turns, and nearby  alleyway between 45th St. and Chamoune Ave.
BUMP IN STREET! BY CURB
POTHOLE TIRE DAMAGE NORTHERN LANE
West bound Clairemont Drive
Wesbound lane. Single lane due to construction.
Potholes and streets are being "FINISHED" . They appear finished, however some   bumps and humps remain. Example: Skyline Drive 7600 Blk to Meadowbrook Dr,  inside lanes are smooth. The curbside lanes are still bumpy.I suggest all projects be "Qualy checked" more closely before  sign f/pay.
We have  BEST potholes. Or cies are jealous  our potholes. SAD!
Manhole sized pothole about 3 inches deep at  Southwest edge   intersection. The pothole is also exposing  sensor lines which trigger  traffic signals.

Anor f* pothole

POTHOLE IN L/T LANE

Whole street in very bad shape. Difficult and even dangerous to drive.
Numerous pothole(s) in  north bound lanes. These condions can be found on or parts  Fairmount, as well.
  entrance   I15 south f ramp f  8 west freeway - re is a pothole on  far right   f ramp entrance which when I h  today, caused me to have a flat tire. Since  is a busy intersection and people enter  f ramp fast, I would recommend filling  pothole.
Potholes on  Aldine Dr. f-ramp from Fairmount Ave. south.
Pothole in  left, southbound lane  Fairmount Ave., under  I8 freeway bridge.
Pot hole
Pot. Hole
Pothole
 all & street
 all & street
Pot hole
There are several large potholes between Andanza Way and Gato Court on Almendro Lane.  The potholes are deep enough to see  dirt below  asphault and are getting hard to avoid.
Pot hole
large pothole in front  address
Pot hole
Pot hole damage
intersection  convoy & ollo,  southbound and southbound from ollo on convoy
Pot hole damage
Pot hole damage
Deep potholes on both left and right side   Right lane. Very difficult at night to see due to low lighting.
Pothole on northbound Morena before Baker.
Pothole on northbound Morena after Baker.
Pothole on northbound Morena after Ticonderoga.
Multiple potholes on Northbound Morena between Balboa Ave and Avati drive. Hard to get exact location when driving as re are no reference points.
Badly damaged asphalt wh more than 20 potholes near  intersection.  More than 5 prior requests in  last 5 months.
2 pot hole damage
Pot hole @ intersection
Pothole
Pot hole damage
Pot hole damage
Pot hole @ curb
Pot hole  eastbound Clairmont   to southbound ruffner
Pot hole damage
Pot holes @ intersection
Pot hole damage
Pot hole damage
Multiple potholes on  right lane going south.
  intersection  Cactus Road and Siempre Viva Road, re are many potholes. This is my second request.
Southbound Cactus Road beginning at  intersection  Airway Road,  are many potholes for about 300 feet. This is my second request.
Rancho Carmel Drive, from  56 freeway north toward Carmel Mountain Road has dozens  potholes in both directions.  If is very hard to stay in  lanes when your automobile is bouncing abound from such an uneven stretch  road.
Pothole at Sunset Cliffs Blvd and Santa Monica (library corner)was repaired several months ago, but has reappeared.
Pot hole left lane west bound Sea World Dr just east   stop light.
Large pot hole west bound Friars Rd just west  trolley line overpass. Multiple previous requests and still not filled. What is  problem why  deep pot hole is not filled ???
In  center  Saratoga Ave mid block  center concrete overlay is now sinking at a rapid rate and needs to be dug up about a 20 foot length and recompacted asap. Failure to fix  sinking concrete section will cause an an auto damage or accident or personal injury or both.
Eastbound CMB at stoplight cross street Murphy Canyon Road.
POTHOLE
LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF ADDRESS
Potholes in  westbound #1 lane.
Pothole on east-bound Comstock, in  crosswalk, just before one would turn right on Ulric.
Medium size pothole, 2-3" deep, in left wheel path  EB lane.
SEVERAL POTHOLES, BY TORREY PINES HIGH SCHOOL IN 2 & 3 LANE! DAMAGED CONSUMERS CAR A COUPLE DAYS AGO!
HUGE pothole
VERY BAD POTHOLE  MAY CAUSE CAR TO JOLT
Potholes in lot
Street wide crack that is getting bigger.
Pothole
Pothole
Patched spot sunk left lane East bound
N/B Olney @ Reed
The entire west end  Summerdale road is covered in potholes, cracks,  and rough pavement.  The center line also needs to be repainted.
Pothole
Grey cement pad protruding from  road surface on  east bound lane. Creates a hazard since  can potentially damage tires and wheels.
POTHOLES ON MORENA FROM BALBOA HEAD NORTH BOUND.....
POTHOLES
Deep pothole at intersection  old town ave and San Diego ave

Entire road needs filling all  way past Viento Valle where  goes back to  cy around  corner.
Extremely dangerous - Sharp hump in road from  bad repair job.  Popped tires and bent rims!
Pothole in southbound lane
Severe deep potholes north bound Morena Blvd between Clairemont Dr and Avati.    Tough during daylight but impossible to see at dark.  PLEASE make  top priory.  Also two very deep potholes on Cadden dr. 92117
Over  past week re appears to be a sinkhole developing around  manhole cover located in  center   intersection at Ohio and Howard streets.  started out as a large dip at  beginning   week and now appears to be a horseshoe depression around  manhole cover.
"Large pot hole, I h  twice - yikes  gentlmen below bent his rim.	Safety issue, I recommend getting f  15 going east to Mission Gorge stay in  middle or right lane. Whoever supposedly fixed  road did a very bad job. My rim was bent from  large hole coming down  hill over  bridge"
2 large potholes at entrance to 5 South freeway.
Deep pothole east  here on  westbound lane
As deep as 6 inches and as wide as 2 feet (approximate estimate only, I didn't get a chance to actually measure . But 's getting bigger as more vehicles pass over .
Center divide and left most lane on Friars Rd Eastbound just before Santo Rd, giant sinking in patch work wh huge metal rod sticking out   ground. Wouldn't be surprised if I have a dented rim now.
Pothole is directly in lane, almost can't miss  going south crossing Santa Monica on Sunset Cliffs.  About 3' diameter and at least a foot deep.  's been re for a very long time, and if you h , your car will bounce a couple  feet.  I can't believe nobody has complained about  yet.
Large pothole in left lane
Several large potholes on 54th st between biloxi and laurel
Very large pothole heading west on Jutland, a ways before getting to Jutland Ct.
LARGE SINK HOLE next to center divide. Someone already marked  area wh a whe line in a square around  depression. has been re for several weeks.  is  a serious hazard and could cause damage to cars running into .
Two potholes westbound Friars Rd detour: 1) just west  trolley track bridge, 2) about 50 yds furr west  #1.
Deep pothole in right turn lane near intersection
Pothole
Roadway sinking
Multiple deep potholes in  southbound lane.
Big pothole
Over a dozen pot holes on that block
Heading north on Linda Vista Road, at  Genesee intersection, re is a large pothole in  right hand turn lane before  light. There is also anor pothole after you start into  intersection while turning right onto  Genesee going east. Immediately after you turn right, re is a large pothole on Genesee when traveling east through  Linda Vista intersection.
When using  inner left hand turn lane at  Genesee and Linda Vista intersection when traveling west on Genessee, turning onto Linda Vista Road south, re is a deep depression/pothole in  road immediately after entering  intersection.
TWO LARGE POTHOLES IN FRONT OF ADDRESS
I have complained several times about  street deteriorating, whin in  last two weeks I have pop two tires, I can't get an alignment because  street is so bad

several potholes in  joint between crossroads.  on  south edge   intersection re are 2-3 holes in  north bound lane.
Holes
BAD POTHOLE CLOSER TO OTHELLO.
There are several potholes between Dairy Mart Road and Hollister that have gotten considerably worse since  rains  winter.  Some are deep enough to cause a car to loose control and cause an accident.
Large potholes/pavement failure in all NB lanes. Traffic swerving to avoid.  THANKS!
Refer to concrete division
Pavement failure throughout intersection . Heavy airport/tourist traffic and poor impression for visors?.  Thanks.
Several potholes in street and general poor condion   parking spots
Pothole in front  4615 glacier avenue, please address when you can. thank you.
Numerous large potholes and utily covers at  intersection.  Also damaged concrete wh deep holes on WB Mira Mesa at  intersection.
BAD POTHOLES THROUGHOUT ENTIRE BLOCK.
have you driven on Seminole Dr. lately, well 's still difficult to dodge pot holes and rough street surface.  Thanks for listening, although nothing is done about .
LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF ADDRESS
Can you get  wrecked Gey Hyundae Sonota 4 door removed too?  is in front  4340 Van Dyke.  The front was smashed by a Uhaul and is undriveable.  has been stolen or abandoned for months. Please run tag 4XFU112 to see where  belongs. Thanks
8840 thru 8806 Complex Drive re are potholes and a sinking man hole. I've made a map showing locations. I have a tracking number 00162033. when I sent  I don't think  map went thru so I'm sending  again.
The pothole in front   home was recently repaired. However,  has come back and is growing larger. Please have filled  again as soon as possible.
Half  my street has been re paved and  or half has not. We are experiencing car damage, inabily to walk or ride bikes as  sourn half   street (between Port Royale Dr and Jade Coast) has POTHOLES, Poor Repair executed due to new gas cables being laid. The street is down to gravel in most spots.  THIS NEEDS TO BE RE PAVED ASAP! Why was half   street repaired and  or half not?? This makes no sense. They are now repaving Jade Coast but workman on se said y have no work request to complete  re paving  Royal Ann Ave.
Large pothole in WB lane
Part  my neighborhood streets got new asphalt but not on Merced Lake Ave or major portion   neighborhood which are full  potholes and broken roads.  I pay a lot on my property taxes, I wish  roads would be better.
We are working wh  SD Bike Club for  May 6, Barrio Logan Grand Prix. We drove  race route and noticed  pothole. We have concerns about  safety   racers. Can  be filled prior to race time?
We are working wh  SD Bike Club for  May 6, Barrio Logan Grand Prix. We drove  race route and noticed  pothole. We have concerns about  safety   racers. Can  be filled prior to race time?
We are working wh  SD Bike Club for  May 6, Barrio Logan Grand Prix. We drove  race route and noticed  pothole. We have concerns about  safety   racers. Can  be filled prior to race time?
See attached photos...
Potholes
Pothole(s) developing near pedestrian crosswalks. See attached photo...
Behind a building wh  address 4374 Clairemont Mesa Bl. in  Alley is a large hole.   Please repair as soon as possible before someone gets hurt.  Also, numerous potholes down  alley to  end that need attention while you are re
The entire street is crumbling from Adams Avenue south to Meade Avenue i
Big pothole west bound Balboa Ave in  left turn lane to south kearny Mesa rd.
Correction to Report 00170168.   is NOT Madison but 35th Street from Adams Avenue all  way to Meade Avenue in front   elementary school.  So that's 35th St. fom Adams to Meade Ave./



Middle  intersection Camino Ruiz & Zapata
potholes on ruffin rd between aero dr and ridgehaven ct
POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
3' x 3' --- 3 to 4" deep pothole right lane
Big ass pothole
POTHOLE (IT WAS REPAIRED AND COMING APART AGAIN)
The far left lane (North Lane) on Eastbound Friars Road just before  turn lane onto Santo Road recently had repairs done to . However,  fix has sunk into  road and now 's a deep indentation followed by a very hard bump in  road, especially for motorists entering  Santo Road left turn lane. A fix to  would be much appreciated. Thank you!
pot hole east side   on euclid between wightman and and lantana.
POTHOLE SOUTH BOUND ON  CAMINO RUIZ IN LEFT LANE 3' X 1' X 6" DEEP.
Marlesta Drive west  Chasewood Drive is badly rutted wh 3 big potholes.  Cars are swerving around  potholes.  There are many pedestrians at risk because   many potholes near Mesa College.  Please fill and repair se potholes ASAP.  Thanks!
Huge square filled and sunk in and now big chunks are broke up.
There are so many! I don't understand why you only fill 2 or 3 and leave  rest. Try driving down  street from  top. Please fill all  holes and maybe people will stop wanting  whole street paved.
potholes and cracks
2 or 3 larger deep potholes Northbound curb lane just before  3775 address across street.
Subject: Re: Growing Pothole on  Jutland Drive freeway to Costoco RE: Pothole at Jutland Drive & Aber StDear Adrian: I regret to inform you that  pothole fronting our home, recently repaired has reappeared! Regrettably because   rains and  heavy (overweight) trucks that trans Jutland Drive to/from Moreno Blvd. to Clairemont Mesa Drive/Regents Road have provoked  deterioration   carpet. This one is slightly larger than  previous one, and will continue to grow as  moves from  Aber St. direction to  Moreno direction (i.e. from East to West). The earlier repair is still in place but  carpet is disintegrating as  moves in a Westerly direction. I would suggest to  carpeting repair department that  repair requires attention along  entire area  disintegration. I will have my wife send you a foto so that s repair is done sooner rar than later. I will also call  hot line to inform m . Your attention to  matter is appreciated. Sincerely,Richard J. Castro, 4534 Jutland Drive, San Diego, CA 92117 (Tel: 858-273-4794)This Email was directed to Councilwoman's Zapf AA, Adrian Sevilla, regarding a new, growing pothole - now larger than  one which your repairman filled earlier. He will have to expand  scope   repair to avoid  continuance   potholegrowth, i.e.  crumbling carpet in front  .
pothole southbound torrey pines
The streets  concern is  whole street driving down Morningside, Calle Casas Bona all  way to Sedwick Street.   Not only are re potholes but  whole road needs to be repaved and possibly new pavement.  The road is giving us so many problems wh our  tires.
Big and has been here a long time
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Big pothole  (sorry I had wrong address last time)
The middle   intersection has a series  bumps/cuts and uneven surfaces after recent work  that has taken place to support  nearby housing neighborhood under construction.
Your map for  address is very unwieldy.  Unless  pothole occurs infront  a house, you can't GET an address.  This is at 28th and Redwood, just before you get to Redwood and Pershing Drive.  This isn't really a pothole.  This is an intentional cut in  pavement extending fully across two lanes  travel that is unavoidable.  The cut starts at  Street Light box suggesting that eir  Cy or a contractor hired by  Cy was responsible for  man-made driving hazard.  This has been like  for AT LEAST A MONTH and I've already got a flat tire from .  I CANNOT AVOID CROSSING THIS CUT IN THE PAVEMENT unless I go several blocks out  my way.  People who aren't from  neighborhood and encounter  have no advance warning - re are no cones or signs alerting drivers to  hazard.  There is loose gravel THAT WAS ADDED that makes  worse.
POTHOLE
too many potholes to count on  street Vista Hill between  health center drive and Meadowlark drive. Please fix.
This area on Pacifica Drive near San anselmo had a sewer leak. The patchwork on  street is terrible-uneven, damages low level prile cars and very bumpy. Please fix. The work was so porntaxpayer dollars shouldn't have been used for  repair.
Two big pot holes
Many large potholes on Morena
Pothole at  dip
The whole street if full  potholes from Mission Gorge Rd. to Waring Road.  Que a hazard to all our cars.
POTHOLE NORTH OF INTERSECTION
Pothole at intersection
35 percent  street is pot holes.
There's potholes approximately 12 inches deep
Big pothole on El Cajon east  Texas both sides El Cajon
Wide and deep pothole at  stoplight before entering I-56 east at  intersection  Carmel Valley Road and El Camino Real. To dangerous to take picture
The entire strret
The entire street
Sunset Cliffs just south  Santa Monica
In EB lane
In WB lanes
SB Lane, directly under 8 E over pass, 5"deep sharp hole in left lane
Pothole spanning  entire left lane in intersection, getting into 56 westbound. No way around ...dangerous
Dangerous, Very deep, pothole at corner  Santa Monica and Sunset Cliffs Blvd.  Boulevard,
Huge sunken area in roadway.
Ridiculous amount  potholes, heavily travelled. Needs complete repave
Big pothole
This road is pretty bad wh multiple potholes, but pothole coming down  hill on Clairemont drive is a serious hazard -- enough to bend a car rim at 40mph. My rim is bent(second time on his road, second pothole) and  banged up  alignment on my car as well as putting a bubble in my tire. This is a $500 repair altoger and I could imagine that dozens  cars everyday day could also be falling victim to  road hazard. Please repair  as well as  assorted or potholes on  1/4 mile strip  Clairemont drive.


Large pothole. Previosly repaired but worse now.
The concrete apron at  location is cracked in several spots (photos show two spots) allowing runf water to seep into  ground below. There have been two sinkholes in  area in  past few years and re is concern that one may appear at  location. The third photo is a satelle images showing  exact location (purple pin) and a dark streak which is water flowing into  cracks.
Multiple potholes. Here & 1/4 block eastward
Pothole westbound Balboa, just after intersection wh Clairemont Dr. right-hand lane
Potholes on westbound Camino Del Norte on center lane
There is a depression in  street where y were working on installing new pipes on Robinson Avenue, several months ago. The depression is at least a good one inch to one inch and a half inches deep and 's causing problems when driving on Robinson Avenue at Center Street in Hillcrest.
Huge and deep pothole. If anyone is driving over 10mph, y might pop a tire.
Huge pot hole! Looks like repairs where done and material shrunk creating dip in roadway.
The entrance and ex to Canyonside Park must be fixed! The street level and  driveway are not necessarily caused by a pothole, but y are separated by a large gap that make  impossible to NOT "bottom out"  vehicle when pulling out   driveway.   is damaging to  vehicles driving over , and  is unsafe for anyone who tries to drive over  gap at more than 1 or 2 mph.  I ask anyone to drive out   ex and to turn left onto Black Mountain Road to see exactly how ridiculous  part   intersection is. I truly hope  can be repaired!!! (Sooner than later)
1 lg & 1 sm
Potholes & cracks
2 more
Going to need a big patch, lot  potholes
Pot hole
Pothole
Pothole
Needs to be filed wh asphalt!
Needs asphalt
Two potholes on Ronson before Cardin, heading west.
Need to fix asphalt
Need to fix asphalt
Fix asphalt
Pothole in road coming around corner as Ronson turns into Shawline.
Pothole about 2 ft wide 3 in deep

Pothole in  middle   intersection on 10th St. at F St. going south bound on 10th St.
 least two giant and deep potholes on  road that are dangerous for trying to maneuver around m while driving. The largest two are located in front  Mesa Villa apartments and Lincolnshire Apartments. This is made worse by  general terrible condion   road between Linda Vista Rd. down to Ashford St.
Huge pothole in  left-most east-bound line know Friars Road. Already destroyed a number  people's cars
Broken asphalt
Huge pothole south bound on  north side. Please repair s big.
Deep rectangular potholes
8inch deep pothole, could break an axel.
Recent repair gone bad!
Pothole West bound side
This is actually 2 potholes that are about 3' x 6' across, and about 12" deep at  intersection  Sunset Cliffs and Santa Monica -- a very busy intersection. Cars are swerving into on-coming traffic to avoid m, or going dangerously close to  curb.
Giant pothole on Morena under  Hwy 8 overpass, right lane, cut and flattened my front tire and damaged  rim.
Multiple huge potholes at intersection, more also on via casa alt and via capri,  Appears y were partly filled, but big holes remain, Blew my tire!!!
Pothole in right turn lane from La Jolla Blvd onto Mission Blvd SB
Potholes
There is a sink hole forming in  intersection  Howard and ohio around  manhole cover.
Large large pothole at intersection  El Camino Real and  56 East bound lane
Pothole at intersection Sunset Cliffs and Santa Monica
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE ON THE SOUTH BOUND LANE FROM GARNET TO MORENA BLVD
Street is very badly paved. Especially left turn lane going from Nimz into west point loma Blvd.

Ex 10 f I 8 make left turn head NB, potholes (several) in immediate left lane on College Ave, before going over  bridge.
Big hole on  street in front   address ,need to fix or fill  hole. Tks
Heading west on friars right before  left turn lane to head towards " village" huge pot hole destroying cars.
Pothole on I5-s La Jolla Village Drive ex. Hard to avoid due to construction fences.
Major pot hole and surrounding pavement has again opened up huge pothole in south bound lane damaging vehicles.  is at  south edge  intersection  Santa Monica Ave and Sunset Cliffs Bl. near to elementary school. This huge pothole has been repaired several times incompetently in recent months. Please do competent job once and for all. Needs major repair from concrete by sidewalk for about 15 feet south  sidewalk. Persons and school children crossing sidewalk could suffer injury also if not seen huge hole especially at night. Please do  right and permanent repair  time.
Large pot hole
Pot hole on left lane traveling southbound on Fairmont. Near  8 freeway entrance.
Pothole near  5 South freeway entrance
Huge deep pothole on  northbound side  Qualcomm Way, just south  Camino Del Rio S
Very large pothole at  intersection and many many more in  area.
Huge pothole in leftmost eastbound lane  Friars at Santo. Dangerous and caused tire damage
Pot hole in front  7464 Golfcrest Dr.
3009 Union Street/900 W Quince StreetThe street is very dangerous on Quince. The stretch from Union To Quince
Huge pothole in middle  road making people swerve
Deep pothole on Washington at Front






deep pothole on Northbound Nile St in front 3611 Nile St



The right turn lane, bad sinking area
NB lane just south  Soledad Way. 4 potholes whin 25 feet  each or
Large pothole in number 3 lane



Badly damaged asphalt and potholes

Left left turn lane from Garnet EB to Mission Bay NB
Badly damaged asphalt and mismatched turn lane markings.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes
Badly damaged asphalt

Badly damaged asphalt at  intersection.  More than 15 reports at  location over  past 5 year and not potholes filled






Deep pothole
Potholes in number 2 lane
Very large and deep pothole






Pothole just past intersection  Santo Rd eastbound lanes

There is an old pothole that needs to be filled (4 feet x 2 feet) in  middle   road at  intersection  Rancho Bernardo Road and Bernardo Oaks Drive.
Man made from construction at  ex ramp and morena blvd f balboa going south Morena blvd
Several deep potholes. This has been here for months... only getting worse
NE corner  Garnet at Cass. Outrageous series  potholes making  impossible for a wheelchair to get up  curb, so dangerous !Reported NW corner by mistake previously.
The patch did not fill in  three-foot long by two-foot wide pothole.  The hard edge jolts cars beginning  left turn lane for Santo Road.
There are several potholes along  north crosswalk area on 10th Avenue and F Street.   is impossible to avoid  one in  center lane when driving down 10th.
There is a massive pothole at  intersection  Newport Avenue and Santa Monica Avenue here in Ocean Beach.
Pothole is in southbound lane  Moraga Avenue in front  4119 Moraga Avenue. Pothole is approximately 5 inches deep, 2 feet long, and 1-foot wide.
Large running potholes/pavement failure WB lanes . Major hazard to motorcycles. This stretch  road is dangerous !
About 3355 Morena, North bound where  meets down to one lane
Horrible pothole.
Potholes
Pothole



LOTS OF BAD POTHOLES AT EAST END OF INTERSECTION. CAUSED VEHICLE DAMAGE.
Super bumpy road here
In  center   intersection (Coronado Ave & Thermal Ave) re was construction to  street for  new housing area.  The crews have since finished  construction to  street but left  intersection wh holes/rough edges that people are driving around and driving in  or lane(s) to avoid.
Largest pothole I've h so far. I think my right wheel is permanently damaged. I will be filing a claim wh  cy.
Large potholes in left turn lane
LARGE SINKHOLE , HAZ PER CUST
Two big pot holes
Pothole under  overpass.
Pothole
Several pot holes between Ashley Falls and Carmel country road. Both directions  Del Mar heights road need to be repaved. Becoming unsafe to drive on
West bound Balboa at Mercury,  left turn lane at crosswalk.
Rough asphalt and potholes
Very deep pothole in eastbound lane
Multiple potholes on south side  Florida and El Cajon blvd intersection

Large pot hole
Right hand lane heading towards Mission Bay Drive.
There is a very deep pothole on clairmont drive north side north  Hartford. Someone has tried to place some gravel in  to no avail. Cars trying to go around however pothole is getting larger and deeper,
There is a large pot hole on  left turning lane at cross street San Diego Ave and Old Town Ave.  gets larger every day. There is wire and  steel pole is showing in  pot hole now.  is a busy street wh lots  tourist and residents turning left onto San Diego Ave.
Pothole
Huge pot hole along sidewalk
Poorly repaired trench.  Safety hazard for bicyclists
Bad potholes. Multiple throughout entire street section.
Possible sink hole threat? This spot has been getting larger over  last few months and  corresponding cracks getting bigger
The entire section from 163 to Linda vista is full  potholes. Too many to just fill. You need to re service.
Pothole developing - a lot  asphalt chunks in  middle   intersection.  Or smaller potholes in  area.   really needs to be replaced.
Pothole
VERY significant dip in EB, #1 lane, between Rancho Mission Rd and Santo Rd, on Friar's Road.  Appears to be sunken asphalt patch job (very poor compaction), creating a steep ridge, and causing shocks on cars to bottom out against fender, and significant chance  loss  control.  EXTREMELY DANGEROUS TO MOTOCYCLES!!  Please repair immediately!!
Huge cracks in  road that will cause a motorcyle to lose control
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Several manhole covers in Friar's Rd, WB #1 lane, between Santo Rd and I-15, can be inches below grade (likely due to past repaving and not raising access flange), creating dangerous depressions in road which could cause loss  control.  This is especially dangerous to motorcycles!!  Please coordinate wh appropriate authories for immediate resolution; e.g., water authory, Cy, etc.  Thank you.
Officer reports smaller sewer drain cover missing on northbound lanes  Mission Bl near Venice Ct. Officer concerned hazard for pedestrians and cyclists in  area. Not a hazard for vehicles. Cover needs to be replaced
Several Deep potholes
Pot hole patch destroyed
POTHOLE
Pothole that has been re for about two months southbound on Ruffin
Pothole located in left-most left turn lane when going east on Garnet Ave (to turn left onto Mission Bay Drive), in front  Sonic Drive-In.
POTHOLE E/B AT INTERSECTION
2' x 1' pot hole. Hazard.
Camino del Rio N. and Fairmont Ave. Going South on Fairmont Ave. right under  bridge   ramp to  I15-Freeway on  left lane. There is a huge pothole that is hard to avoid since   located under  shade   ramp. A lot  vehicles h  pothole and hard to avoid.
Potholes under freeway underpass
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE INTERSECTION AT THE SW CORNER IN THE S BOUND LANE.
There are 3 potholes in  same location at  intersection  Sunset Cliffs Blvd. and Santa Monica Ave in Ocean Beach. This intersection is directly in front   Ocean Beach Branch Library.Pothole #1 could be described as a crater is is so large and deep.  is 4 feet by 5 feet and 10 inches deep.Pothole #2 is 3 feet by 1 foot and 6 inches deep.Pothole #3 is 3 feet by 1 foot and 3 inches deep.
The cement around  drain metal plate on Universy Ave. going West is not elevated correctly wh  street.   now becoming more like a pot hole. A lot  cars have to merge to  oppose lane to avoid  huge hole.  is located before 41st Street and after  Alley behind Burger King.
POTHOLES (ABOUT A FOOT DEEP)
Street Services,     Please come out to Ocean Beach and repair pothole on Sunset Cliffs at Santa Monica Avenue.   is dangerous and is going to cause a car accident or pedestrian accident.
Numerous potholes along all  cy road on San Pasqual Rd.
Seriously big freaking whole/pothole between Mira Mesa and Miramar Road! I can't believe you guys can't fix se damn holes. I h  pothole wh my car pretty damn bad and I'm about fed up wh  sh!!! Use my godman tax money and fix  roads!!!
PTHOLE
Potholes



Underneath I-8 Over-crossing, deep pothole exists next to a manhole and a large patch  top AC layer is missing on outside lane  SB Morena Blvd.
Numerous potholes in 4400 block  Home Ave.
Numerous potholes all up and down  street. The road should actually be repaved entirely.
POTHOLES  FROM SANTO TO ANTIGUA  W/B & E/B
Large depression, going to take a wheel f
POTHOLES  FROM THE I-15 TO COPLAND BOTH DIRECTIONS FULL OF POTHOLES
POTHOLES
Two Potholes SW section  intersection--mid-traffic.
Potholes in  intersection  El Cajon Blvd. and Texas St. Potholes exist on El Cajon Blvd. at Texas Street in both East and West directions.
The three-foot long by two-foot wide pothole still has hard edges that jolt vehicles entering  left turn lanes onto Santo Road.
Several large potholes in Cy lot adjacent to Point Lona Nazarene Universy
Several large potholes in Cy lot located adjacent to Point Loma campus
Larger pot hole in back alley.
Pothole damaged my tire and wheel.  bent  rim and needs to be replaced. How do I get reimbursed. I have more photos   pothole and my damaged wheel.
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Large potholes
Huge sinkhole in left eastbound lane. Please stop ignoring se requests. This is a dangerous issue
Wide deep pothole hole
Layer   1" asphalt has been uncovered for over 100 feet.
There are a couple  potholed on W. Mission Bay Drive heading East in  left lane right after you pass through  light at  Bahia Hotel.

The 4700, 4800, 4900 blocks  Gardena Ave, have  some  potholes and also what looks like long spl/separations in middle  Gardena Ave.  Residents drive to dodge se areas; trying to avoid vehicle damage.
POTHOLES IN THE AREA OF WHERE HOME DEPOT IS
pothole at  intersection  jackson drive and cowles mountain road.  pothole is in  number on lane.
ON CLAIRMONT DR-LARGE POTHOLE, HAZARD TO MOTORCYCLES!
Deep pothole in  right-hand lane  westbound Mira Mesa Blvd at  intersection  Mira Mesa Blvd and Reagan Rd.
potholes and rough roadway on Palm Ave. in South San Diego - near  starbucks, and Bank  America mini mall.   traveling both eastbound and westbound.
Large depression in  roadway. About a 2 ft  drop that lasts for about 15 ft. Lots  cars are hting  going at about 25 MPH
Pothole at corner  Santa Monica and Sunset Cliffs. Has to be causing vehicle damage.
Several large potholes between Linda Vista Rd and Ashford St on Stalmer St.
Potholes
Pot hole
This is becoming a sink hole. Pavement is sinking.  we all have to slow down to go over  . Someone marked  f but never fixed. http://savepq.org/aboutus.html

There are two large potholes in both   crosswalks all  students use.  The potholes are a tripping hazard.  I lost count  how many students I've seen trip because   potholes.  Today a female fell to  ground right in  middle   street.
New, deep divot near  curb, next to  steel plates, on east-bound lane.When will  stretch  Upas along Morley Field be totally paved? Why pave perfectly good Granada street while Upas has been torn up for months? Sorry to whine, but 's getting really old. And no doubt  new hole I describe torqued my suspension.
2 large and deep potholes on Clairemont drive on  North side   street between Denver and Galveston.  They have been re for many weeks. Please repair.
Large pothole #1 lane on mission gorge right before  turns into Fairmont Ave
Two potholes
Several large potholes in northbound right lane
There are numerous large pot holes on Clairemont Dr. between Denver St and Clairemont Mesa Blvd in both directions!!!!!  We drive  road daily and have to try to dodge m.
pothole at entrance to appleton and genesee...
Pothole in front  7/215 bus stop on Park Blvd S/O Zoo Pl
Pothole almost center on  road about 1ft in diameter
The whole  Boulder Lake Ave. north  Navajo is a pothole mess. Please pave .
Street torn up in front  school
Yuge pothole. Make  intersection great again.
As you turn onto Bodega f Pomerado Rd. There is what appears to be a previous street repair that is sinking.   is in an area that we have to drive on, hard to avoid. Problem.: As you enter Bodega from Pomerado you ten are avoiding or traffic on Pomerado at high speeds.   is difficult to miss  sinking area and at night you don't see  as  is immediately after  turn.
This entire street is riddled wh potholes for a good mile. Yesterday we popped a tire on se potholes. The road South  Ted Williams is regularly repaved. Why not  one?
Numerous potholes starting at intersection  Beagle St and Marlesta Dr, n westbound on Marlesta Dr past Mira Mesa college entrance furr down Marlesta until  new pavement is reached. 5 or 6 potholes on  stretch.
Deep and wide pothole causing injury to humans and damage to vehicles.
Pothole middle  intersection
Big pothole eastbound on Stalmer St before Linda Vista Rd

Poyholes
Two large potholes in  right lane  southbound Santo rd.
The street in front  my residence is riddled wh potholes and cracks.  is in bad need  repaving.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
There is a hole in  alley behind  address.  's a crack in  concrete pavement a ltle larger than a size 11 men's shoe.  There is more open space  below  surface waing for  top layer  concrete to fall in furr. You'll find  near  yellow garage behind 3036 Ivy st.  You'll also notice a vintage car parked nearby that looks like 's possibly abandoned.  Thanks
Series  neglected (some repairs botched/incompetent)
Pot holes eastbound and throughout  Intersection.
Dear Sir or Madame:I am not sure if  is where I should ask for help, but  part   alley adjacent to my house where I enter my garage is dilapidated. I fear  is causing damage to my tires. My address is 4745 33rd Street San Diego, 92116. The area in question is  alley half a block north  Adams Avenue between 33rd Street and Felton Street. I am on  corner   alley and 33rd Street.Can you help me?
Pot holes at  intersection.
Developing pothole in Southbound lane (Headed to Cabrillo) in center  lane on Catalina.
fry 5 south,ex on kettner,turn right on sassafras- hugh pothole
THE POTHOLE IS REALLY BAD.. IT LOOKS LIKE IT WAS REPAIRED AND THE ASPHALT SUNK IN. THE POTHOLE IS LOCATED ON FRIARS RD EAST BOUND AT THE DEDICATED LEFT TURN OFF OF SANTO RD. PLEASE REPAIR ASAP, AS THIS HAS CAUSED DAMAGE TO A RUN FLAT TIRE I HAVE, AND MY RIM GOT CRACKED. LUCKILY I HAVE INSURANCE THAT COVERS THAT. BUT IM SURE OTHERS HAVE BOTTOMED OUT THERE.
BIG HOLES on Claireminr Drive heading west between Galveston and Hartford north side  Claireminr drive
Potholes at  location had caused damage to my wheel , all  way to rim.
2 potholes in SB La Jolla Shores Blvd. - one at  intersection wh Biological Grade, anor a short distance (few hundred feet) south   location
In NB La Jolla Shores Blvd, pothole near  location (intersection wh Discovery Way)
Usually h  on my way home after dark enough to feel like s gonna tear f my front tire. Southbound side  street.
In NB La Jolla Shores, pothole near  location (intersection wh Ruette Monte Carlo)
When going eastbound on Washington str, right under  Interstate 5,  pavement is REALLY worn out. Multiple potholes are in both LEFT turning lanes that are turning from Washington onto San Deigo ave. There is no way  driving around, so one is forced eir to keep damaging  vehicle or merge unsafely in  or lane to avoid  potholes.  In general, part   Washington str (from Hancock str to San Diego Ave) is in very poor condion. The amount  traffic and  usage  that road leads to faster wear and tear, thus  needs more ten repairs. I didn't even mention  biking experience through that part   Washington. 's mind-blowing!Hope you can help make  a smoor experience for hundreds  people who take that rout:)
These pot holes are making me sick . They havent  been fixed  resently. need monoring for qualy control!
Not just one or two, but many potholes:Heading North on North Torrey Pines Rd. North Torrey Pines Road is covered wh potholes from where  meets La Jolla Village Drive/La Jolla Scenic Drive and n all  way to UCSD Northpoint Driveway.  Drivers are swerving to miss one only to land in anor.  This is not only causing safety concerns for or drivers, but for bicyclists too.  The largest I?ve landed in is between Torrey Pines Road and Revelle Drive on North Torrey Pines.  The majory are from La Jolla Scenic Dr. to Muir College Drive on N. Torrey Pines.   There was an effort made a few months ago to cover North Torrey Pines Rd at La Jolla Shores Drive only, but many  those have reopened leaving debris on  road and even larger potholes. Heading South on North Torrey Pines Rd.  from Torrey Pines Scenic Drive to Expedion Way re are too many to count.  Not as bad as  or side  N. Torrey Pines.
Multiple holes
Lots  pothole on Valencia Parkway, between Skyline Dr and Division St,
Two large potholes at beginning  Aldine ex from Fairmont south.  Major traffic on  ex from 3-5 pm.
BIG POTHOLE!
Street is in disrepair. Many potholes and bumps.
Huge potholes in South lane by  library
There are multiples potholes on Morena Blvd. between Avati Dr. and Balboa Ave.  They are really deep and need to be filled as soon as possible. Thank you.
The alley that runs parallel to 32nd Street and West Mountain View has major issues now.  has never been a smooth ride, but now  feels like an obstacle course.
re is a huge pothole on  street.  The pothole is located on   sie   apartment complex behind  commerical parking space. I had park re in  night not knowing and busted my tire. Needs fixing ASAP
There are many potholes on Aldine Drive between Talmadge and Kensington and on Fairmount between Cy Heights and Grantville in both directions.
POTHOLES
Water repair patch is failing
POTHOLES EAST  OF WOODMAN
Giant pothole in  intersection
Alley between Nile St. and Boundary St. enter side side on Thorn Street.  The Cy repaired  alley approximately 2 months ago. After  rains  alley is now washed out and extremely dangerous.. This alley is used by Cy Wastewater Dept, Utily companies and  cable people. Addionally, people use  road to access  canyon. Plus I no longer have access to my parking garage.
Several large potholes in one area. Very hard to avoid when driving and deep. There is an ongoing water issue here when  floods/rains and  quickly deteriorates  road.
Couple  large potholes on Stalmer St., between las St and Linda Vista Rd.  Seems like  potholes are getting bigger.  No image available, as  is dangerous to take pictures while driving.
POTHOLES FROM FLORIDA TO 03RD
potholes
Pothole
Alleyway road is deteriorating and is cause my car to scrape on  underside.
large pothole at intersection  saratoga av and sunset cliffs blvd
Pothole on Greyling Dr between Larkdale Av & Sandrock
Pot hole at ex  driveway
Multiple potholes between Balboa ex northbound and Avati Drive
Big hole in center  west bound lane
Potholes and damaged street  on a body from Marina Boulevard to stop sign/intersection  Huerfano
Huge pothole on sunset cliffs and Santa Monica for weeks now - and growing. Definely going to cause flat tires - everyone swerving during  daylight.
Pot hole as you turn into Park Terrace
Pothole east bound lanes on Clairemont Mesa Blvd near Madison Square Shopping center just before 805 freeway.  Has caused damage to vehicle wheel and tire. Would also like to know how to subm a claim for repairs to car totaling over $200 (Can provide receipts.)
potholes,  east bound in that 7800 block
HUGE pothole in a super busy intersection. Very dangerous!'n
HUGE pothole in a super busy intersection. Very dangerous!'n
HUGE pothole in a super busy intersection. Very dangerous!'n
HUGE pothole in a super busy intersection. Very dangerous!'n
HUGE pothole in a super busy intersection. Very dangerous!'n
HUGE pothole in a super busy intersection. Very dangerous!'n
HUGE pothole in a super busy intersection. Very dangerous!'n
Big pothole. Super dangerous!!
POTHOLE IN ALLEY (FROM PREVIOUS WORK)
Potholes
Pothole very near elementary school could cause an accident involving kids.
SINKING AREA  ON EL CAMINO REAL NORTH OF SEA COUNTRY (LEFT LANE)
There is a large pothole at  intersection  Santa Monica and Sunset Cliffs.
DOZENS OF POTHOLES ON MORNINGSIDE FOR SEVERAL BLOCKS!
POTHOLES
POTHOLE, NEAR DRIVEWAY
SEVERAL POTHOLES ON COLLWOOD!
Extremely large/deep - busy intersection near elementary school
Massive pothole in  south bound lane.

Huge pothole by library and elementary school
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
In EB lane
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
s huge and dangerous. People  swerve into opposing lanes to protect ir cars.
very big dip, please help us and fix . This is right next to  busy elementary school and could be deadly if  causes an accident.
In EB lane
Eastbound Balboa Ave, 2nd from left lane.
Pothole. Friars. Eastbound
In EB laneThis pothole reported over a week ago and nothing has been done; pothole is now bigger
There is practically no road here. These two pot holes are so massive that your car will scrape on  ground if you h one (and y are impossible to see at night!)
Huge pothole in front  library.
Pothole where concrete and pavement meet. Southbound lanes
Big pothole blew my tire
Not potholes, but recessed valve access or something that are missing ir covers. About 10" across and 6 inches deep. On  # 2 and 3 lanes  westbound Mira Mesa Blvd just west  Rickert St, across from  Tu House.
Very large vehicle damaging pothole.
Several potholes in a line extending about 10 feet
Huge pothole right near elementary school
I think a bicyclist rode into  and never came out.
Huge pothole on Sunset Cliffs Blvd in front  OB Elementary School.
Major intersection and very busy one wh both cars and pedestrains from Elementary School and library on intersection. Pothole growing bigger and wider each day.
4 gigantic potholes, almost impossible to avoid.  least 4" deep, 20" long.
Very large pothole that is horrible on your car and will cause an accident
Wide and deep. Sunset Cliffs and Santa Monica. Major tire damage
Humongous pot holes here. Needs fixed, pronto
Unbelievable pothole. Thought my muffler was going to be torn f
Absolutely brutal pothole, slowing sucking  life out  all residents  Ocean Beach.
 looks as though  pothole has been "fixed" because re is black pavement near  area, however  is one  largest potholes I have experienced in San Diego. Cars that are aware   pothole are constantly swerving into  or lane to avoid .  could be very damaging to your car if you do run  over and  made my "check tire pressure" light turn on when I first ran  over.
Terrible pothole. Think my car is damaged.
Pothole eating up cars
Pothole in  East bound lane  Clairemont Drive about 300 feet west  Edison Street.
Pothole in  east bound lanes  Clairemont Drive at  point  one lane becoming two lanes.   is closest to  right lane.  This is where a pothole was repaired very recently and has reappeared.
Massive potholes at a busy intersection
Big pothole right at  turn onto  on ramp  5 South. Dangerous in  middle  a sharp double turn lane. Please fix ASAP.
s gunna ruin people's cars if 's not fixed.
Severe pothole on Santa Monica and Sunset Cliffs. Saw car wh damage from  today. People try to avoid  and s incredibly dangerous because a preschool is right re and kids walk around in  AM/ early PM
huge pothole
West bound lane  Stalmer before las St intersection.
A few potholes in right lane heading south.
Several potholes on  stretch  road.

Massive pothole. Has been filled 3 times in last 2 months. Water leaking out  drainpipe by elementary school contines to re-gouge  pothole. Need to stop  water leak to fix !
Giant pothole that is severely damaging cars on a very busy intersection. Big enoughfornannentire tire to sink into and damage  rim and under carriage   vehicle.
This is a chronically bad intersection. Asphalt is really deteriorated here.
Huge pothole in  southbound lane.  almost threw me f my motorcycle. This is very dangerous. There are multiple smaller ones around  too, but  big one is dangerous
When is west bound lanes  Camino Del Norte from I-15 to  County  San Diego maintained section going to be repaved. The entire road needs to be repaved! The "pothole repairs" that were done is a joke.
2 monstrous potholes on  major street.  causes people to slam on ir brakes and/or swerve to avoid .  Please fix soon. Thank you!!!
Huge pothole at intersection
Huge crater impossible to drive around on sunset cliffs at Santa Monica by  OB Library. Ridiculous how long  has gone on un noticed or attended to. And re is constant water in that intersection. So clearly a problem that needs immediate attention.
 is huge. I damaged my front end on .
About 2-3 feet in length  potholes in  outermost lane  Carmel Mountain Rd, northbound lane, Block 11753-11799.
4' x 3' pothole in middle  intersection. Hazard
Pothole
Several deep potholes.  My Earlier report address incorrect (3202 cadden ct.) should be on Morena.
2+  Deep potholes that can easily turn into 1 huge pothole. Not easy to avoid wh narrow street and oncoming traffic

Pothole on Sunset Cliffs Boulevard at Santa Monica Avenue, 92107. Between public elementary school and public library. Just outside  heavily traveled crosswalk. Very dangerous.
Pothole in inner lane on westbound side  Hazard Way
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Corner  4808 Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Diane Ave.    The concrete in  street crosswalk area has a 20 x 8 area missing and  is about 4 inches deep.  Needs to be filled wh concrete, NOT asphalt. Danger for people crossing street.
Large series  potholes on Sunset Cliffs just south   Santa Monica interseaction
Major potholes. Almost crashed on my bicycle as re is no where to ride whout hting a major pothole or crack.
Two huge, deep potholes in  southbound land just as you cross over Santa Monica Ave, on Sunset Cliffs Blvd.

2' square pothole Southbound lane  Sea World Dr just North  Sea World Way
Like  Grand Canyon...
My car makes a loud noise and feels like  gets moved to  side from  pothole. I'm afraid  could cause an accident, possibly deadly accident, if not tended to immediately
Giant pot hole. In  VERY BUSY intersection  sunsetcliffs and santamonica.
Very bad pothole. Almost made me fall on my motorcycle
HUGE POTHOLE
s like a land mine went f just before  stop sign!
LARGE POTHOLE SOUTHBOUND SUNSET CLIFFS. NEAR ACCIDENTS TRYING TO AVOID IT
Extremely deep, multiple potholes. One has reappeared EVERY time  rains  entire winter despe being filled in every time. This time, three holes have appeared. DO BETTER!!!! This is at  corner where a large number  elementary school students and ir parents cross throughout  day. An accident could be fatal for a child. 's extremely dangerous also when drivers swerve around  holes and get close to  pedestrians waing on  curb. FIX IT FOR REAL THIS TIME.
Pavement Failure. May be  result  poor sub grade. Asphalt is all over street and curb and gutter

HUGE tire eating pot hole in  south bound lane at  intersection  sunset cliffs Blvd and Santa Monica. This will damage vehicles if  hasn't already. OB cizens are  pretty upset that  hasn't been priorized as an immediate concern.  is in a major traffic lane.
LARGE POTHOLE IN ALLEY, CLAIMS IT'S SIZE OF A TRUCK!
Huge Car Damaging Pothole !!
I have h  pothole, five times now and 's getting worse every day I'm pretty sure my front and alignment is gone
A few large potholes at corner  gateway view drive/herage road.
Pothole and very lumpy pavement in right lane  on-ramp to  5, very uneven and dangerous
Multiple potholes
Deep pothole on corner causing drivers to swerve/bottom out.
Multiple large potholes near elementary school. Causing cars to swerve and narrowly miss pedestrians and bikers.
Hawley Blvd between Monroe Ave and Madison Ave is ltered wh potholes and large sections  missing pavement.
Monroe Ave between 34th St and 32nd St is ltered wh potholes and missing sections  pavement.  Needs to be re serviced.  The current condion is unacceptable and is especially hazardous to bicycles.
Ps and potholes on entire street, needs repaving.
Massive pothole on airway road just before la media road
 beginning  street.
Large pot hole/borderline sink hole at a busy intersection in front  elementary school. Extreme hazard for cars turning left who cannot see  before making  turn.
entire st. from madera to 66th st needs attention real bad.please repair.before re is a lawsu. please nothing is being done on  st.  is  worst road in  cy
South bound Fairmont ave. Just after crossing under  bridge  8 freeway bridge.
LARGE POTHOLE ON THE DISTRIBUTION SIDE OF MY FACILITY. BECOMING A DANGER TO CUSTOMERS AND DRIVERS
HUGE pothole on Washington in turn lane to San Diego ave and I-5 north.
Pothole at entrance to 16550 W Bernardo Drive, heading West. Right in   path  a right turn into  corporate business park. Satelle view suggests  has been re a while.https://www.google.com/maps/place/33%C2%B000'47.9%22N+117%C2%B005'13.0%22W/@33.0133281,-117.0869868,127a,35y,355.37h/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x0!8m2!3d33.013316!4d-117.086936
There is a very LARGE Pothole right next to 60th Street and Dipper Street in  92114 zip code. This is a very narrow street and leads to Federal Blvd., and drivers are driving over  'double yellow' lines, into oncoming traffic to avoid  Pothole. Can you please expede a request to get  Pothole filled/fixed as soon as possible? Thanks for your help in keeping our streets SAFE.
Potholes in 3500 block, especially at 3502, 3512, 3571 Mt. Alvarez
Francisco is a gradual hill.  There is significant asphalt cracking on  flat ground at  bottom   hill.  I don't think  needs to be repaved -- I think  cy could get anor year or two on  street wh some patching.
Pothole in intersection
Gargantuan pothole, huge.
28th street -north and south bound lanes from  94 to imperial ave.
Many potholes under 94 bridge.
North west corner  imperial and 30th.
Potholes
Gigantic pothole in  southbound traffic lane.  Cars are swerving into oncoming traffic to avoid  hole.  And 's a large enough hole that if y aren't able to avoid , re's probably a ton  damage happening.
Pothole around  manhole cover.   Difficult to avoid while turning onto Marlesta from Beagle St.
Pretty big hole - not that deep but really wide.  Difficult to avoid and not side-swipe parked cars.
entire street has hundreds  potholes - payment has needed repair for 4 years and is being ignored.
Huge pot hole south bound fairmont under fwy.  Smaller hole recently filled.... not big one
East bound in  left turn lane
Deep large pothole intersection  Santa Monica and Sunset Cliffs
Multiple potholes on E/B Avati from Morena to Huerfano. Please fix  once and fix  good!
Pothole
Multiple potholes  location
There is a huge dip in  road in front  Holy Family Church/School's parking lot caused by a pipeline installed by  cy.  The asphalt needs to be removed and  hole filled before  causes damage to vehicles that pass through every day.  There is also a concern  can develop into a sinkhole.
There is a huge dip in  road in front  Holy Family Church/School's parking lot caused by a pipeline installed by  cy.  The asphalt needs to be removed and  hole filled before  causes damage to vehicles that pass through every day.  There is also a concern  can develop into a sinkhole.
TWO LARGE POTHOLES BETWEEN  I-15  AND SCRIPPS SUMMIT ON SCRIPPS POWAY.
Potholes
There is a huge dip in  road in front  Holy Family Church/School's parking lot caused by a pipeline installed by  cy.  The asphalt needs to be removed and  hole filled before  causes damage to vehicles that pass through every day.  There is also a concern  can develop into a sinkhole.
There is a huge dip in  road in front  Holy Family Church/School's parking lot caused by a pipeline installed by  cy.  The asphalt needs to be removed and  hole filled before  causes damage to vehicles that pass through every day.  There is also a concern  can develop into a sinkhole.
On Westbound Trojan Avenue just west  58th Street, re is a significant pothole or prior asphalt repair that has sunk.  Please fix/fill.  Thanks.
On Northbound 56th Street just north  Trojan Avenue, re is a prior asphalt repair that has sunk.  Please fix/fill.  Thanks.
Pot holes in Street, very bad & safety issue
Trojan Avenue between 56th Street and 58th Street -- including  full intersections at both ends -- is in very bad shape and needs to have potholes fixed and be slurry sealed or even completely repaved and repainted/striped.
There is a large 1.5 - 2 foot diameter pot hole in  viciny  4255 Ruffin Road,in  leftmost   two lanes going northbound on Ruffin Road.
There is a pothole present along  crosswalk whin  intersection  Bernardo Center Drive and Park Terrace, where one would drive into  plaza where  public library is suated.
There are multiple potholes around  street.  keeps getting worse wh every ltle b  rain.
Big pothole
Pothole
ENTIRE ST (CLAIREMONT DR.) EAST OF MORENA BL. FULL OF POTHOLES IN BOTH DIRECTIONS. HORRIBLE FOR A FEW BLOCKS.
Plenty  potholes at  intersection  Carmel mountain Rd and conference way. Holes in  venter are   four way stop as well as all sides before  stop. Safety hazard too much traffic to safely get a picture
Several potholes and uneven roads on Sunset Ridge Dr., just south  Spring Canyon Road.  Road is uneven and hard to drive on for about 2-3 blocks.
Pothole
Large pothole on La Jolla Village Dr.,  west  Towne Centre Dr.  In  far left lane--dangerous to drive through .
Pothole on southbound Knoxville, at Ltlefield junction.
Plenty if potholes on Carmel mountain Rd both east and west  rch Carmel road on  side  Carmel Mt  heading west right lane. Dangerous unable to safely take photos due to high traffic   between
Please fill large trench on Redwood heading to Pershing Dr.
2 large potholes
In front  address
The alleyway behind desert spa apartments is  only road residents can use to get to ir parking spots. The pot holes continue to form and get larger in size,  alley Runs parallel to Conrad avenue and in between cole street and Dubois drive. Surrounding neighborhood streets are currently being re-paved although se streets are in much better condion than  alley way. A coke can has been placed in photos for an idea  sizes  potholes.
I-15 to Poway Road and from Poway Road to I-15.This entire road from  freeway to  shopping center at Joanns Fabric Store is really bad in both directions--to and from  I-15.
Summerdale Road is a partial loop from WestonHill.The part  Summerdale Road at 8418 has alot  ruts.
When going south on i-15, exing Mira Mesa Blvd, Mira Mesa Blvd from  f ramp to  first light on Mira mesa Blvd (intersection wh Shell gas station and Mimi's restaurant) has large holes.
Pot hole at Point Loma Ave and Catalina. Been re 6-8 weeks. Thank you.
Large pothole that was repaired before, getting worse. Why isn't  fixed?
Kettner Blvd/Sassafras St.  Very large pothole straddling both #1 and #2 lane westbound on Sassafras St. immediately west  Kettner Blvd.  's impossible to make a right turn whout hting .
Previously reported pot hole is now three large holes at intersection  Canosa and Lyric.
This road is terrible. My car is falling apart. Please fix  immediately!!
Pot holes on west hills , santee
Left lane on Fairmount Ave and Camino del Rio North, before entering ramp 8 west.
Good size 4" deep pothole in outside arc  left turn lane Carmel Valley Rd eastbound to el Camino real NB
LARGE POTHOLE ON FAIRMOUNT. TO GET ONTO 8 EAST
Otay Mesa Road West and East, right by Sanyo Ave, next to Pino's Produce.  Otay Mesa Road is broken up road, potholes, and different layers   road coming up, for a short period  road, but still significant enough to have cars driving f  edge or into  parallel lane (on coming traffic) to avoid se holes and lines going both ways. 's becoming que dangerous. Please help or direct me in  right direction to someone who can help.
POTHOLES
Large pothole in  intersection  4th and E. Left lane.
Going west on Clairemont Drive at Galveston
There's a pothole on Friars Rd west between Napa St. and Sea World Dr, where  road turns into one lane.My front left tire got damaged on April 10th at around 10:45PM when because   pothole.Uploading a picture showing  damaged tire.
10 big potholes on Clairemont Dr between Fairfield and Denver.
BIG POTHOLE AT PARK BL AND SPACE THEATER WAY.
Pothole
Several potholes west bound between 4150 and. 4200 Home Ave
There are potholes all along Clairemont Drive. The road needs to be completely repaved. Please do something. This road needs love.
Potholes or voids in asphalt filled in wh loose sand from  intersection  Kettner and Vine south along Kettner. Can cause bike accidents (see attached pictures for sample bike accident caused by loose sand on surface at Kettner and Vine).
Series  jarring potholes in front  medical facily.
Several potholes that are getting harder to avoid.
Giant pothole near bike lane near turn on Genesee Avenue.
Intersection  Howard and Ohio St. by 4145 30th st. ( Vons grocery store in North Park ) The street seems to be sinking in, and growing, someone has placed a small orange cone in  intersection where  hole appeared Tuesday afternoon.
Very large pothole, getting wider by  day.  Clairemont Drive west lane, at Galveston cross street.ADDITIONAL POTHOLES on Clairemont Drive east lane, going up  hill from Galveston.
Pothole in left turn lane.
There was a road repair that created  uneven surface. The new pavement is lower than  existing asphalt. 's a sharp edge that hs your tires abruptly. You will find  while driving east on Friars Road getting in your left lane towards Santo Road.
A huge pothole that was done by construction company building a condo project
2 potholes whin 100 feet  eachor
Big pothole on southbound Fairmount under  I8 overpass.  Big hole!
Potholes ALL THE WAY UP ZION
please repair broken asphalt / pothole / sunken trench in northbound lane Euclid avenue at Landis St.  defect is unavoidable and cars are swerving into  southbound lane Euclid avenue to avoid  causing traffic hazard
Multiple potholes (5+) and extremely rough pavement on  15 North on ramp from 94 East.  Reported multiple times, please forward to CalTrans if you must.
Series  deep potholes under  94 freeway bridge on 28th St going south.  Reported multiple times, please forward to CalTrans if that's what  takes.
A small pothole is present in  middle lane going northbound on Ruffin Road, along where  leftmost lane turns left into  intersection where Progressive Insurance is located.
This growing pothole has gravel around  because  is a se  continuous deterioration.  Northbound #1 lane in  left track just past  divider island.
Pothole
Potholes
Huge pothole needs to be      filled
Multiple deep potholes, north side  F St and 10th intersection, in crosswalk
Huge deep hole
Big pothole in center west bound lane POWAY rd
DANGEROUS potholes in front   address, also on  corner  45th Street and Redwood Street re is anor HUGE, dangerous pothole.  45th Street is  ONLY way to access  Arroyo Vista Nursing Home where our aged and elderly are transported on a daily basis.
To whom  may concern:I am wring to you on behalf  my dad, Tai Huynh who is  owner  5218 and 5220 Landis Street.  Last year, you had come out to  alley behind  uns to patch up  alley because re were a lot  cracks and holes. Unfortunately wh  heavy rain we have been having,  cracks and holes have reappeared. One  our tenants while walking back re tripped and fell because   cracks and holes. I would like to request if you could come out again as soon as possible and fix  alley again
Big pothole
There are potholes from  corner  OCeanview Blvd. all  way up 37th Street to Imperial Ave.  There are potholes in front  406, 410, 412 -- 37th Street.   37th Street is just a whole street full  potholes....why not fix m all?
Pot holes throughout  whole block , consumer would like pot holes filled or block resurfaced.

Potholes
SEVERAL POTHOLES!
Large pothole at intersection National Ave and 28th St.
Potholes
Gutter repair needed from  Sprint store at National and 28th St
Potholes on Taylor at  8E entrance
Large pothole in right lane
There are about 3 giant pot holes when turning onto  south-bound 5 onramp.
When turning left from Vista Sorrento PKWy onto Lusk Blvd, re's a huge pot hole in  left turn lane.
There are 2 potholes on 69th Street between Saranac St. and Mandalay Rd.







POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Pothole
I'm listing  in  Pothole category, but 's more  a giant dip in  road.  's on Eastbound Friars Road, just west  Qualcomm Way.  There was recently construction done on  road, and now  repairs have left a huge dip in  road causing a lot  cars to bottom-out when y're driving.  There are lots  marks in  road showing where  cars have bottomed out.

I'm not sure why my reports keep getting marked in progress or completed. The potholes are still here and very dangerous on Genesee. My car suffers a lot.
Pot hole on  circular ramp northbound from ingraham caused motorcycle accident
The picture labeled "Storm Drain" is  source   water from 5952 La Jolla Scenic.  A worker from Water Utilies told me that  is not a drain in that water is meant to come out, not go in.  He claimed  water is from an overflowing fountain on  adjacent property. "Eastbound Curb" shows  water running east on LJ Scenic towards  intersection wh Rutgers."Looking East" shows  intersection  La Jolla Scenic (north is to  right) and Rutgers. La Jolla Scenic has a 90 degree turn at  point so all  visible street is La Jolla Scenic.  Note that  water actually appears to start in  middle   intersection.  Sometimes  goes all  way across and sometimes  starts in  middle even though  source is on  far (west) side.  My guess is that  water goes underground on  west side and comes up again in  middle before heading  rest   way across and down Rutgers.   is probably eroding  ground under  intersection.  Sinkhole here we come!"Rutgers Stop Sign" has Rutgers on  right and La Jolla Scenic heading north towards  cross on  left.  If you look closely, you can see  water running down  Rutgers curb.  "Intersection" shows  same intersection from  oppose (north west) corner. As I mentioned previously, re is also a constant flow  water coming down  west curb  La Jolla Scenic visible in "Rutgers Stop Sign" from beyond where  two cars are parked.  That water is coming from  back  a house on La Jolla Rancho.  I did not get any decent pictures  that problem.  However, if you look at "Intersection" you can see re is a significant amount  water uphill from  low point.  All that water is coming from  La Jolla Rancho house."Potholes" shows just some   potholes at  intersection.  A single 2 dimensional photo cannot do justice to  problem.

2 deep holes at  intersection.
Large and small potholes in southbound right lane as well as in both lanes in  very well used street!!
IT WAS PATCHED UP BUT NEEDS ADDITIONAL REPAIR.
several potholes on genesee av between 163 and linda vista rd
Lots  deep holes under  freeway eastbound on Washington
large and deep pothole in north bound lane
In  eastbound lane  Camino del Rio North, in  middle   intersection wh  on-ramp to 805 West, huge number  potholes and big cracks. Way overdue for maintenance.
Large area that has been excavated and repaired is extremely dangerous. Sudden drop in pavement causes vehicle to jar suddenly, causing possible damage to vehicle or injury to passengers.
many pot holes in front  1540 La Jolla Rancho Rd.thank you
A couple deep potholes at  intersection  La Jolla Scenic S. and Rutgers Rd.thank you
BAD POTHOLES.
Southbound Pershing. Right lane. Into  final straightaway heading down  hill. Approximately 2150 Pershing Dr.
There are a least 10 potholes on Cadden Way, San Diego CA 9117
Major road damage causing rocks to fly up and h cars and windshields along wh my cars on my driveway as people will drive down our street - our street is in Desperate  need resurfacing
Bike lane.  Tree pushing up bike lane dangerously in several places on Northbound Torrey Pines before Johns Hopkins Rd.  Has been dangerous like  for a long time...  someone who doesn't know to stay clear   bike lane re may get hurt.
Marlesta Dr. needs to be completely resurfaced between Genesee and Auburndale. The street is falling apart, wh numerous potholes, ruts and chunks  asphalt. Cycling is que dangerous because cyclists are forced into  middle   road in order to avoid  "door zone"   parked cars. P.S. The option  "Streets" is not available in part 2 above, so I chose "Pothole".
Large pothole in middle  intersection.
Camino del Rio North needs to be completely resurfaced for s entire length between Qualcomm and Mission Gorge/Fairmount. Cycling is dangerous due to numerous longudinal ruts, cracks and potholes in  bike lanes and in  driving lanes. Eastbound cyclists near  3131 building need to move to  left in order to continue past Mission Cy Parkway.  is impossible to make a safe lane change because we must look over our left shoulder while taking our eyes f  disintegrating pavement in  bike lane.
Pothole
Corner  Carmel Country and Vista Sorrento.  Right lane as you make a right turn  and head south.
Pothole
Potholes
This entire street is bad, from W Bernardo Dr to Rancho Bernardo Rd.  is filled wh potholes and bad cracks in  asphalt.
 potholes that start from  Home depot on saturn blvd to elm ave and to coronado ave.But  worse one are at Home Depot to Elm Ave.
There are 2 pot holes on  east bound side  Stalmer St. between Angelucci and Linda Vista Rd., one is approximately 18 inches wide, 6 inches deep. Adjacent to that pot hole nearer to  whe line is anor.  This is a hazard condion being that cars actually swerve to miss  hole on  right crossing  whe line into  on coming cars in  opposing lane. I don't understand why  suation has not been resolved as re have been or pot holes in that area repaired recently and yet se more dangerous holes were left in tact!
Pothole
i live near southwest high school and feel that  street in front  southwest high school on hollister has  2nd worse street - 1st being on saturn blvd near home depot.in our ltle communy  eggers highland and is a hazard and future destruction to our cars if not resolved soon
DEEP HOLES AT CONY AND CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD
Pothole
SEVERAL POTHOLES
Numerous potholes on 28th St under Hwy 94, specifically SB lanes.
There was some recent construction a couple months back in  outside right turning lane on Friars road, turning to Santo Road. The patch left  road dramatically uneven, causing a sharp pothole like dip in  road. Cars are bottoming out on  mismatched pavement so y are going around  into  or lane which has caused some near misses on my way home from work. Please level f  construction work. Thank you!
Multiple pot holes
3 foot diameter pothole, new since  winter rains
Multiple pot holes in westbound lane  Clairemont Drive at Galveston St. as you head down  hill.
Pot holes in front  Marston Middle school in right lane going North.
Same problem as 00170739 which has been closed.  The area has many holes, maybe anor one was repaired.  I went over  same spot today and  was NOT repaired.  I h  riding in  left lane going  East on Rancho BernardoRoad
This at  roundabout at Sea ridge and Chelsea and impossible to avoid. 's ruining car alignments. Large trucks also making  worse
There are so many potholes on Claremont drive between  5 and Burgener. The entire street needs to be dug up and repaved. The street is lerally dangerous because  s condion. Also re are so many faded stripes and over lapping painted areas on  road left over from when  went from two lanes to one. What an embarrassment for  neighborhood and  cy!! Get  done!!! People will notice!
Massive pothole right by  stop sign.  nearly swallowed my car, I think!
Before trolley crossing
Pot hole getting bigger just under  trolley overpass west bound on Friars Rd. There are 2 more pot holes (one larger) just west   trolley line and  Railroad crossing.  These are old potholes and never get fixed. This is anor  20 previous requests.  Help please !!!
North bound lane
Huge pothole leftmost southbound lane
Pothole
The entire block  900 West Upas St seems to be abandoned. The black top has worn away, pot holes are growing larger. 's hazardous to walk or drive on  street. Please repair. Street needs to be scraped, regraded and new black top. Please repair.
Pot hole in middle  intersection at stop light. El Cajon Blvd and Illinois st
Large potholes under  Fairmont overpass
About 2' wide. This is a huge pothole. There are smaller ones near  one as well.
There is a PIT on Stalmer St  before you reach las St. heading West. My front end fell in and h  street  evening wh a loud bang. Not able to assess damage to car right now; too dark. This PIT must take priory. In addion re are two pot holes on Stalmer St. heading East towards Linda Vista Rd(nearest cross street) near  bus stop. The pot holes are approx.  tire width apart; impossible to avoid falling into  holes wh traffic and parked cars.
Washington street both ways from  5 fwy to MCRD is full  potholes and is damaging to cars driving on  road. The entire street needs to be repaired.
Large pothole in left lane  Southbound Fairmount Avenue, between Camino Del Rio N and Camino Del Rio South. 's pretty close to  I-8 overpass. I hope  can be fixed. I've h  twice myself and my mom told me she also h  tonight when she came to vis.
There is a large amount  potholes on Clairemont Drive, just south  Burgener Boulevard
Potholes
Potholes
A pothole mira mesa blvd west bound about 100 yards east  Reagan. This outside  driveway  Cotixan Mexican resturant. The last time  was reported  cy did not look for  pothole, y closed  due to lack  information. All you have to is drive on mira mesa blvd and yoy would drive into . Please fix  time  is damaging a lot  vehicles.
Pothole mira mesa west just before Reagan just before  Mexican resturant

Pothole
Pothole
I opened a request and I had been close but  em has not been taken care  re are potholes that are more than 2 feet wide that are going to ruin cars if y are not fixed re is spray paint around some   potholes as if somebody might be working on  but se potholes are extremely large and need to be taken care 
Potholes
Big pot hole in paking lot
Very big pot hole
Rt lsne
The entire drive way is a pot hole could damage some ones car
Intersection (Traffic Light)  Roselle Street and I-5 South Bound Entrance road has several larger potholes (8"deep x 16" wide) need urgent repairs repaving  section   road. Nearest major monument is Sorrento Valley Train Station.
Please repave Gold Coast Drive from Camino Ruiz to Black Mountain Road. There are many potholes, cracked roads, etc.
Very big pot hole can i and may have allready damaged some ones car
Going west first right turn just past train tracks
Utily cuts haven't been filled which caused potholes that are 3-6 inches deep. Causing major damage to vehicles.
BIG POTHOLE 100'  FROM INTERSECTION ON FRIARS BY RECENT CONSTRUCTION SITE.
POTHOLE  RECENT REPAIR FALLING APART
The road is nothing but potholes. If  Mayor had to drive his personal car down  road everyday to get to work, I'm sure  road would have been repaved a long time ago.
Pot hole in #1 lane north on fairmount by 8 bridge.
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT  STALMER
Pothole 10" diameter
Two pothole less than 4' apart
The street has multipe pot hole up and down  street but re are many in  immediate area on triana st.
too many potholes and cracked street to list
Pothole 12" diameter
PLEASE!!! Fix  goddamn street. I just paid $100 for an alignment bc MY TAX MONEY IS NOT BEING USED TO FIX OUR STREETS. Do you f*** job and fix  roads!!!
what is up wh  street? 's in HORRIBLE condion and nothing is being done to . please fix asap.
several potholes in eastbound number 2 lane just before 3 lanes merge to two lanes
several potholes in northbound number two lane prior to three lanes merging into two; and one pothole in number one lane just after three lanes merge into two
numerous potholes in number one and two southbound lanes between Jade Coast drive & Miramar Road
pothole in leftmost westbound lane immediately west  Towne Center Drive
Potholes (3) from 13845 Mango Southbound to Del Mar Heights road.
going north on 55th Street on east side  street between Montezuma and Lindo Paseo are two good sized potholes close to  alley too.
potholes several  m on street
Full upheaval  asphalt from prior patch.
Entire street needs repairs, drivers have to take evasive measures to avoid  several potholes on bot sides   street,  can be  cause  an accident. The entire stretch between I56 and Carmel Mountain Road is in very poor state.
Most   street is falling apart. There's a big crack down  side by  sidewalk where people have been stepping into and falling. If someone were to get hurt, y could take legal actions
Most   street is falling apart. There's a big crack down  side by  sidewalk where people have been stepping into and falling. If someone were to get hurt, y could take legal actions
Pothole in  middle   road on  right lane heading east on Bluffside
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
For months.....
Pothole
SEVERAL LARGE POTHOLES EASTBOUND LANES OF RUFFIN RD
TWO POTHOLES ON GENESEE AVE BETWEEN I-52 ON AND OFF RAMP
Several potholes
Numerous potholes at  north east corner  Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Limerick Ave in  crosswalk.  Also  whole crosswalk on  north side  Clairemont Mesa is very rough and uneven making  difficult for handicapped people to cross on  side.
Pothole #2 lane
A few potholes in one area about 20 feet before  light on 41st. There is one a good b bigger than  rest.
Major street pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Big pothole in right lane
Very large pot hole that is hard to miss if you have cars parked on  street. If you meet anor car, you end up in .
Very large multiple feet deep sunken in area not actually a pot hole- asphalt looks intact. On left hand side  road going south, about  middle  Camino Ruiz. I almost just got in an accident because a large pick up truck swerved into my lane to avoid . Had re been someone to  right  me as well  would have been at least 3 car accident. I know I have also swerved to avoid  myself. Very dangerous!
Pothole near northwest corner  Howard at Florida
Potholes
Potholes
Pot holes. Plural
Start  pothole in middle  street
Pot hole in center  road at intersection wh Lamont St on West side.
Numerous potholes EB lanes
A couple  2 foot diameter potholes in  middle   westbound lane at  construction area
Bad for cyclists
One pothole but whole block is deteriorating
Pothole one  several
Worst  several on block
Very bad for cyclist when trying to avoid pothole nearby
Not big but dangerous for cyclists
In area  stalmer st potholes
Pothole
Giant divot/pothole badly repaired in  number 1 lane heading east.  doesn't look like much, until you drive over .
The street in front  my house is sinking. This is  same problem that was temporarily addressed wh work order 500000135438 and 00100434. Addional asphalt was poured onto  depression but  is sinking again. This was caused by a water main break a few years ago. I am still concerned re is a large empty area under  road due to  water that is in danger  collapse.Addionally re are potholes in front  2535 (one house east) that need to be filled.Please investigate.Thanks
Pothole
Corner  Glasgow Drive (5000 Block) and  Bascomb Place, middle if street

Pot hole
Our alley between Utah and Kansas is full  potholes and uneven surfaces.  has gotten significantly worse since  rains a few months ago. 's dangerous to even walk in certain areas.People also drive extremely fast down  alley, so speed bumps would be great.
Multiple deep potholes
pothole in middle  street
Pothole
Eir you and hancock
One  three deep and sharp holes in crosswalk, could easily puncture a tire.
pothole at manhole cover
Potholes west  Catalina south lane
Deep pothole right lane  Mira mesa Blvd  West bound at  shell station just before you would turn in to get to  In&Out burger. Thought  ripped out my right side suspension.
2 Potholes in ex ramp from Fairmount S to Aldine.
2 potholes under I-8 bridge on Fairmount South bound.
Mission center rd and camino del Rio north intersection, east side  camino del Rio north street
Extensive road damage exists on  steep hill adjacent to Correia Middle School. The damage has been present for more than a year and is a safety hazard for pedestrians and damaging to vehicles. Funny, while taking photos, a resident walking his dog said to me "good luck" and shook his head wh frustration. Why has  issue not yet been fixed?  has likely been reported many times and sounds like  cy may be negligent should injury or accident occur.
Numerous large and deep potholes in alley behind church and apartment buildings.  Reported over 8 months ago.  Please repair ASAP.  Too many to dodge, and so deep y may cause tire or wheel damage.  Also, y are a danger to children who ride ir bikes in  alley.
In  alley between 33rd and Felton, between Adams and Collier in front  my garage a 30 inches wide by about 30 feet long strip is degraded to  point where  tires on our vehicle are suffering damage.  The area is closer to  33rd street end as is my house. Could you please help remedy  suation or tell me how I can? Thank you. Shawn Rover 619-365-5119
Multiple Potholes from Balboa Ave to Avati Dr.
Multiple Potholes on Knoxie traveling southbound from Lea up to Ogden
Large pot hole center lane west bound
Potholes
Pothole
3 large potholes on Morena heading north, in  right lane before Avati.
Pothole on corner  Luna and Jutland, heading north on Jutland and turning right onto Luna. In  crosswalk.
Several new, deep potholes have appeared in recent weeks--since  last repair effort in  same location.
Big pothole and cracks in road. Lots  gravel makes  very dangerous for motorcyclists
Huge hole wh a warning sign tipped over inside . Completely insufficient and DANGEROUS. I probably damaged my car because   insufficiently handled HAZARD
Potholes
Warped pavement. Pothole.
Multiple potholes on Afton Rd between Aero Dr and Hurlburt St.
Potholes along  whole street. 's really bad you can not go up or down  hill whout hting one.
Large pothole wh lots  debris
Previous digging was filled wh dg material and has washed away
Large potholes on  street
Numerous potholes
Numerous potholes in and around  intersection
large deep pothole across street from 4740- Jutland on corner  Luna and Jutland Dr,  right where you turn from Jutland Northbound to Luna eastbound. On same corner as back  church. Highly traveled area
Large pothole that diverts  flow  water from  gutters across  street. Also,  temp fix is coming up in large chunks.
Small pothole slowly becoming larger.
Pot hole in center  street
Multiple potholes along entire San Diego cy portion  San Pasqual Rd. Entire road needs resurfacing.
Potholes on a right handed turn
Pothole
Several dangerous potholes have resurfaced between Tierra de dios and Old Milky Way on San Pasqual Rd.  Please assist us as soon as possible.Thank you
Southbound ruffin

Right before going onto  8E, re's a big pot hole in  road on  right side.
Several potholes on up as heading towards Morley field.
A blooming pothole, at  end   ex from 52 west to Genesee S, in  middle   merge lane, right before you go under  52 overpass,  has been a rough patch for over a year, now cracking.
Big pothole
Pothole



Headed east towards mission bay
Two feet long. Pretty deep.
There are numerous large, deep potholes on Stalmer between Linda Vista and Ashford
Entire Intersection needs to be redone wh Concrete, pot holes keep happening here constantly. Intersection  Coronado & Hollister.

right side  left turn lane has a pothole again. probably  same one that was patched a few months ago.  whole intersection needs some TLC. =)
Balboa Ave from Genesee all  way to Clairemont Dr is riddled wh potholes
Westbound friars before Qualcomm way ramp, large dip approx 3 feet across running across all three lanes. Creates a large bounce on a sedan and is a safety hazard.

One big pothole
s been a month!  This is my third or fourth pothole request for  location.. These are killers. Someone has helpfully outlined  worst ones wh whe paint. Today I see someone has now followed up & sprayed whe arrows leading up to m! Nice to know ors in our neighborhood are also unhappy wh  unacceptable pavement condions in our area. Hope y don't get run over!BTW: potholes are across from your "Cy" Rose Canyon Maintenance Facily. Don't see roads like  in  Mayor's neighborhood. Please Just........ "Get  Done".
Big pothole
Pothole

Bad one on aero near library
Pothole
Pothole
Terrible pothole that has been re for months on  on ramp from Carmel Valley Road/El Camino onto 56
Huge pot hole in left turning lane.
North bound lane on Via Capria concrete sunken and broken up please patch as soon as you can thanks
can you guys fix or patch  concrete hole going south bound thanks y need to get out   truck and fix  your web se is awful very poor please turn  over to  private sector
All along  left westbound lane  road is hacked up and in horrible condion!
Westbound lane that straight across  intersection
Pot hole on East bound Friars road. Left lane before  turn lanes to Santo rd
Outside  entrance/ex at south west corner   Home Depot building, in  public right  way street on Saturn Blvd. is very rough pavement and potholes.


Large pothole, corner  Luna and jutland.
Left lane going east
NORTHBOUND POMERADO RDPothole is in left lane as turn pocket begins
Pothole right next to intersection divider
Big pothole on Knoxville Street at  corner  Ltlefield Street re are several along  area.
Multiple small potholes where pavement is sinking and crumbling
Both se streets are in dire need  resurfacing!! TOO many potholes causes traffic to swerve into oncoming lanes to avoid potholes.  Streets have been damaged due to several water main breaks over  past couple  years.  Heavy traffic and pedestrian areas.
There is a pothole about 2-3 ft wide and 3-4 in deep next to a large swath  repaved asphalt.
A lot  potholes all over  intersection. 2nd and ash. Thx.
Huge, deep pothole!!
In  middle  El Camino Real, where drivers are crossing El Camino Real to enter 56 East. Pothole is on El Camino Real, not ramp.
right lane huge hole when merging onto  5 freeway south from mission bay drive
new deep pothole in east lane near 6331
Large pothole
Pothole
Large Crack will soon be a pothole if not tended to.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Numerous potholes in middle lane  westbound Miramar road.
Utily cuts have not been fixed and causing serious damage to vehicles.  least 3 to 6 inches deep.
large pothole on inside left turn lane to I 5 North. On Washington underneath I-5
Your men restored  a bad hole in front  our home about a year ago and  is worse than  was before y started I think  wasn't que cured when people started driving over   now looks horrible and is a danger  because people try to avoid   when y drive  up to 
Many potholes between Mira Sorrento Place and Sorrento Valley Blvd
Potholes
Potholes in front  2720 and 2750 Meadowlark Dr.
Pothole
This street is very dangerous to drive on. There are so many surrounding businesses, so consumers must frequently drive on . The street lines are faded, re are numerous potholes and illegally parked construction vehicles. I have submted two previous reports and  street has continued to worsen as inclement wear occurs. Please repair  street for consumers and business owner usage alike! San Diego should not have streets that look  horrible.
Medium sized pot hole.
Large series  cracks and holes.
Road is in complete shambles. Huge pothole in  middle   intersection is a hazard to bicyclists, pedestrians, children on ir bikes, and cars.
The number  potholes has increased on  street, and is becoming more and more dangerous. The rain has made  potholes even worse, and needs to be addressed as quickly as possible.
This is a real tire-buster
 has been at least 7 weeeeeeeeks  since  potholes going west on Pomerado and Miramar ( a section  around 2 miles in various lanes) were first reported, I followed up reporting multiple times after waing weeks. Nothing has been done till now. Will someone read  and ensure that y fix  issue.
There are several large potholes in  right lane, heading north on Morena Blvd, right before Avati Drive & across from  Cy  San Diego Rose Canyon Operations Yard @ 3775 Morena Blvd, 92117. Images attached
There are sections  Fiesta Island Rd. were potholes have been created due to loose asphalt.
About 4ftx2ft on  southbound side   4200 block  Ruffin Rd.
This is more  a sinkhole
Street caving in.Cor. Wash.Pl &. Ibis
Numerous potholes on Morningside st.between Calle Casas Bonas st. to  south end  Morningside st.
Cracked asphalt and potholes near  crosswalk on  south-bound side  Diane Ave and Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Pothole/Cracked asphalt on  slow lane  Genesee Ave near  new MTS bus station at UTC

Couple potholes that have been fixed once,  but are back.  Right near  hiking trails entrance.  Genesee north,  right lane,  just before going under  freeway.
Pothole
Potholes are located between Half Mile Drive and Del Mar Heights Road on El Camino Real. Some   potholes have been covered in  area, but not all.
multiple large dangerous potholes located along  stretch  road on Balboa Ave in westbound lanes, from Clairemont Drive to Morena Blvd.
There are 4 medium/large potholes at  intersection  Roselle Street and  southbound on-ramp for  I-5. These are relatively new potholes (in  last 2-3 months) and are getting bigger. They make  challenging to make  turn onto  ramp. Very heavily used during commuting hours! Thank you!
A star shaped hole 2 foot across and 8 inches deep in  asphalt near  middle  Avati Drive in front  4213 Avati Drive.
Potholes are all over Poway Rd from I15 to Iola Way.  This is putting excessive wear and tear on our cars and tires and is also a safety hazard.  We are tired  lip service.  We need action!
LARGE POTHOLE IN MID OF ST. FIX BEFORE WE HAVE TRAFFIC ACCIDENT
Pot holes from Sunnyside / calle casa bona and sedgewick.
Going east on Friars road. Huge pothole on  far left lane prior to left turn lanes to Santo road.
Pot hole
Pot Hole

Multiple large potholes both side  street
Potholes
On Rancho Carmel Dr. starting at  intersection at Carmel Mountain Rd. for about 2 miles going towards Poway Rd.  surface condions are deplorable and a safety hazard.  The road has become  way because  10 years  neglect!  I lerally have to swerve out   way  many potholes which could lead to accidents!  This is unacceptable and needs to be fixed immediately!   Unfortunately, I have no fah in our elected ficials since se roads haven't been fixed for so long.  Maybe you can restore my fah by showing action and fixing se problems instead   "lip service" we always get from our mayor.
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes both directions
Potholes
Several large & deep potholes.
Small now but will be worse upon  next rain.
Rut alongside   road.
Potholes
Huge Holes and Bumps
There are about three large potholes in  right lane   northbound Morena about here
Pot holes between chasewood and genesee
Large rut.
East bound cmbl at ligjt5
Potholes
Two potholes at intersection
POTHOLE BELOW THE BRIDGE
4 OR 5 HUGE POTHOLES NORTH OF DANA LANDING
multiple potholes 3926, 3916...a few more south on Cadden before Paducah
very large eruption in street  area has already been atemped to be fixed three times s time to evaluate and do  right
Street is caving in
Pothole
There are 6-8 potholes on westbound Hillery Drive between Black Mountain Road and Marbury Avenue that need to be filled.
Concrete protruding from area y did pipe work
Pothole
POTHOLE . W/B CLAIREMONT
Potholes
Corner  convoy and dagger turning right
Mercury and Balboa  2nd Lane
Road sinking in, worse than a dip, messing up cars driving by
Growing pothole in 2nd lane, south bound side
Several large, deep potholes in downhill, west bound lane
north bound on Morena Blvd. right lane, deep potholes need patching
in  right turn lane on W. Point Loma Blvd. a big pothole needs patcing
Driveway to parking lot is severely damaged. Cones have been placed several months ago. Damage developed over 2 years ago.
Pothole
West bound Balboa at Mercury in left turn lane. 1 foot drop
Potholes
Cadden Way between Petunia Court and  top   hill towards Moraga is heavily "crazed" and deteriorates continually. Therefore, potholes appear wh regulary, and y increase in size as vehicle tires continue to h m. There are now several large potholes in that stretch  Cadden Way. Many  m are easy to locate from a distance, because residents place  broken chunks  asphalt on  curb next to  holes. The affected area includes both  3800s and  3900s  Cadden Way, not only  3870--3898 stretch   road indicated in  "address" section   on-line reporting format.
Multiple large potholes in right lane going east between Morena and Denver. This is a small street an every two feet has large pot holes I could not avoid any. This is  worst street I have ever been on in 25 years.  really needs totally repaved!!!!
Pothole on Fiesta Island Rd, 0.12 miles north   entrance to  Aquatic Center. Wh all   cyclists on that road   could be a liabily to  Cy. But, perhaps  a Parks and Rec issue?
Pothole on west bound (downhill) side  street.
In lane, foot and half wide, 2 inches deep
Long strips  potholes.
Pothole in intersection
Three pot holes at bottom  on ramp
North bound Linda Vista R, right lane @ MIldred St. Pothole just before crosswalk.
EB exing roundabout - left side near island.
NB left lane
Huge pothole in front  Marston middle school north bound side in front  south gate  school. I all ready submted a request and you closed  saying yo repaired  but claerly you didn't.  Here is a picture.  Please. Fix  thank you
There is a pothole East bound on Garnet on  turning lane right in front  Discount Tire / Rallys.
Backfill on cable company undergrounding doesn't restore surface or materials correctly to match existing  Also black pavers at new parking garage on National need repair.ACCORDING to James Kasis 619-232-0458 - CAll HIM wh questions and location specifics PLEASE - BFK
Three potholes on clairemont dr. They have been re for over 3 weeks. They are dangerous.  I swirve everyday not to h . This must be repaired ASAP. Some one tried or added some patch but  is not fixed. s west bound on clairemont dr at Hartford st. Here is a picture please fix  right away. Thank you
There is a huge potpothole on hancock south bound at  stop dign at wirby.  s been re for 3 weeks. Please fix . s a big long hole. Thank you
Patch from utily work has sunken about 6 inches from  surrounding pavement.  This spot goes across  entire east bound lane.
Follow up on my previous report from April 5th (#00169352) which I was not able to find on here.  Multiple large and deep potholes on westbound Clairemont Drive between Burgener Blvd and Denver Street at Galveston Street. I've seen two or reports for  same stretch  road since I reported .  You have to practically stop or swerve into  left turn lane to avoid.  Please fix.
deep pothole
Pothole on burgener blvd north bound at  corner where cement meets asphalt at crosswalk in  right lane towards old  Mcdonald's at clairemont dr. I have all ready requested service but you have not fixed. Pleaee send out a crew to bay park and fix  streets. Thank you
The road is dangerous to bike in. Potholes, cracks, etc. Most  Ash street. Between Union and 5th st.
Large deep pothole in left  two left turn lanes from EB Garnet onto NB Mission Bay Dr
large pothole in center lane  just as you pass target
In  mission bay park parking lot re is alot  large potholes
Middle  street
Large break and pothole in surface  street at 1325 Bancrt.
Large and deep pot hole on North bound side  Morena Blvd just South  Rose Canyon yard. H very hard by my wife driving 2016 E350 Mercedes, early evening April 7th.  was dark. Due to how hard  , though tire was popped, but pulled over and tire was not popped.Damage was noted  following day on both  front and rear  right tires as a bubble on side wall. Was able to return  following Wed,  12, took pictures. Pot hole had a whe circle painted around  so must have been h by ors also.
PLEASE...can someone fix  horrible stretch  Mira Mesa Road? Potholes, cracks, missing asphalt. We pay taxes so please do your job and fix  road ASAP.
6
s a pothole
We h  pothole  or day and I thought  transmission would fall f.  's deep and sinister.
Hole when you turn have to almost drive into  next lane
2 deep ones,  east bound
Eastbound on Friars Rd left lane just past Rancho Mission Rd.
Pot holes(3) in south bound Santo Road
New slab just installed left parts  alley riddled wh pot holes
in  large parking lot north  information center that has a bathroom, re is a very large pot hole.  is located close to  walking path along  bay at  south-end   line  parking spaces which have  electric car ports.    hole has a concrete 4 inch wall running through . is deep and huge!!!! lot has many large pot holes in . My friend and i stumbled on to  hole at dusk and almost stepped  into .  is very dangerous for walkers in  evening. and cars.thank you,  one is que important please.
re is about 6 potholes right in front   turn in for  scripps clinic at shiley pavilion.   is difficult to drive for  patients y are getting larger by  day.  please help.
Potholes going west on Redwood have not been fixed. The cy was doing some work, which created  holes, and y have not been back to fix 
3-4 foot pothole in  middle   intersection at Carmel Valley Road (heading east bound) and El Camino Real (heading northbound).  gets cars from 3 different locations: Turning left from El Camino Real on to 56 onramp east, crossing El Camino Real from Carmel Valley AND just being on El Camino Real in eir direction! This one is a doozey!
Pothole is still here and nobody has looked at .
large  3ft diameter pothole eastbound pt loma
Potholes
A crater-liie gigantic pothole on eastbound Rosecrans just before Kurtz. Seriously you can lose a tire in that hole
Potholes
Hi! We have  La Jolla Half Marathon  Sunday, April 23 and would love if se potholes could be filled before n for  safety   runners. Thank you!
Large pothole in  middle   intersection  19th and C St.
Hi again! Anor pothole to please fill before  La Jolla Half Marathon  Sunday, 4/23/17. Thank you so much!
2nd request
Potholes  length   street
Potholes  length   street
Mission gorge pl & Twain
There is a pothole at  corner  intersection.
Second time  week  front end  my car has fallen into hole on Stalmer St. Reported first incident;  occurred wh  last 5 days. The hole/p on  street is on Stalmer St heading West, before las. The hole is between exing  condo complex parking and before Stalmer St. Each time I have fallen into  hole/p as been at night and has caused my front end to fall in and create a loud thump; unable to determine damage. I also mentioned 2 holes on Stalmer ST heading East; after bus stop and before Linda Vista Rd. The holes have prior patching around  area and are posion so you can't maneuver around one whout hting  or. I will follow up wh Council person in  morning. Repair  se hole/ps needs to be expeded.

pot hole on corner  Vision Dr and Easter Way 92121
The entire road from Evening Creek to Carmel Mountain road is horrible to drive on.  Because   uneven surface, my steering wheel jumps out  my hands while I drive.
Pothole
POTHOLE IN WB LANE
Pothole at  intersection  13th and g street
Can't make  out in photo, but near  yellow sign.
Several along  road going down hill west here
Multiple potholes. Entrance lane left.
corner  Greene St. and Mendocino in Ocean Beach
pothole 2' by 3' inline wh right side  autos,
Pot holes in intersection Sigsbee & Main dangerous for cyclists participating in Barrio Logan Race on 5/6. This is right in  path that cannot be avoided. Thanks!
There is a large pothole in  middle   eastbound thru lane on carmel valley rd as you approach  on-ramp to  56 east (near  intersection  carmel valley rd and el camino real).
Very rough pavement on Sigsbee before turn to Newton. Could be hazardous to cyclists racing on 5/6--Barrio Logan Gran Prix benefing local health center. Thanks!

LARGE Potholes and Road Erosion Blocking My Drive Way Causing Many Problems. Passed by just recently by road repair crew? Been going on for a few years now. Thank You.
South bound Clairemont Dr., just past  Del Taco.
North bound Clairemont Drive, 3700 block mid-way past Marston Middle school
North bound Clairemont Dr. just before reaching Balboa ave., in front  Starbucks Cfee on Clairemont Dr.
Pothole at  entrance to Park Terrace going west.
pothole
Street is Hazard  level   street is way f almost causing accidents
Pot hole  in  intersection
ON both Via de la Valle, and Via Del Canon, re are numerous deep potholes which create a dangerous condion.  They need to be filled in.  We have had several cars damaged when y h  potholes.  Some are on  norrn (uphill) side  Via Del Canon; several are right at  intersection  Via Del Canon and Via de la Valle.
Large patch  very uneven resurfacing
Multiple potholes in westbound lanes  SY Blvd between Olive Drive and Via de San Ysidro. Please do not close report whout fixing,  is  third request for  area.
Pothole
Potholes on Roselle St., branching from  Sorrento Valley ex   freeway have not been attended two. There are multiple large scale potholes in  area. A Get--Done request has already been filed regarding  issue, but  potholes have not been fixed.
There is a row  potholes in  southbound lane we're hoping can be filled before  La Jolla Half Marathon on Sunday. They are in  lane  runners will be in. Thank you!
Growing Potholes in northbound traffic lane. One in mid block or at  corner  LJ Scenic and Cardino Dr. Very dangerous.
There are two very large potholes on Clairmont Dr near Denver St and Galveston St. Have been re for over 2 months and have yet to be filled.
Clairmont drive going up  hill  when ex from  5 north-  There are at least 15 pot holes from Denver/Clairemont Dr intersection all  way up to Burgener/Clairemont drive intersection From Burgener/Clairemont Drive intersection going south toward  Clairemenont/Denver intersection re are at least 12 potholes spread out on different right and left lanes that even if trying to dodge  potholes  becomes a driving safety issue
Large potholes in  left turn lanes when heading up Washington street. Under  5 freeway overpass
plate or cover in roadway has sunk making a deep hole
Approx 6' x 1'
Numerous potholes on Mission Gorge Road north, between Fairmount Ave. and Mission Gorge Place.
3 large pot holes in  middle   street.
Large pothole near drivway
Potholes/rough pavement at  transion from roadway to bridge (I8 overcrossing, CDT bridge 57-0758), north bound lane   Mission Cy Parkway.
Several potholes like  on  corner  Woden & Main St.
Several potholes in  north lane  Camino Ruiz from Carroll Canyon Rd to Mira Mesa Blvd. Thank you.
Potholes in south lane  North Torrey Pines Road near 10933
Several potholes in north lanes  Camino Santa Fe between Miramar Rd and Carroll Canyon Rd. Thank you.
Pot hole is up  against curb/gutter, about 8 feet from fire hydrant.  Cables for traffic signal are visible in  hole.I've reported  issue before and or potholes in  area have been filled but  one seems to get missed.
Large potholes & bumps in  middle   street
Recently a crew ripped up  street at  location.  When y filed in  trench y dug y did a horrible job  resurfacing  street.  The area covers  entire lane and is about 4 feet wide. The surface is now extremely bumpy and unsafe for cyclist.
test
Pothole
Large pot holes both sides  road
Pothole at 11965 Black Mountain Road, middle land, northbound
My name is Justine Murray and I am contacting you from  Office  Councilwoman Barbara Bry, District 1. A constuent from our district, has a concern wh  current state  an alleyway in La Jolla. The alleyway is formally tled ?Bluebird Lane? and stretches from Prospect Place to  intersection  Virginia Way/Herschel Avenue. The entirety  Bluebird Lane is in extremely poor shape, but  specific sector   lane that is most concerning according to  constuent is between Ivanhoe and Exchange. How can  road get paved or repaired?
There are a myriad  potholes on Marlesta Dr between Beagle and Genesee Ave. There are sections  road that are in horrible condion and  needs to be repaved.




Drain on side street too deap. Dangerous and I damaged my car. Big truck and  indent is too deap caused flat tire and change entire rim. Very unsafe for driver.





Pothole in left turn lane.
Intersection F & 10th middle lane
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Multiple pot holes present
large pothole needs to be patched
There are 2 potholes. The largest pothole is around 3 feet long. The smallest pothole is a foot long. Very sharp edges,  can potentially be a safety hazard.
The pothole is in  middle   right lane (going south to northwest).
Deep potholes (x2) N/B Roselle at I-5 S entrance.
Several Deep potholes on Stalmer. Between Linda Vista and Beagle St. Do not know exact address. This is a busy street wh pedestrians, cy buses, and several apartment complexes. Close to Mesa College
Sink hole developing
Recent patch did not help big dip just before turn lanes at Santo
Several potholes on  4300 block  Mt Henry Ave.
Multiple pot holes under  I-5 freeway on Washington St heading east.  's dark so you can't even see m, but you sure feel m.
There are large potholes in  location.
Pot hole


Two potholes - one near  inside right turn. The or is in  middle   turn. Have wnessed more than 3 cars stop wh flat tires before elm.
Turning north on Fairmount from ecb, large channel grabs wheel  any motorcycle turning at light
Right edge  lane when turning north onto Fairmont from wb ecb, scary when on motorcycle or bicycle
Two very large and deep potholes in  left-turn lane  eastbound W. Washington Avenue onto San Diego Avenue.  This is at  signal just east   underpass  I-5 and West Washington Street in  right-sided left-turn lane (re are two lanes that turn left.)
Corner  B st and 6th ave pothole
Huge Pothole
Large pothole on eastbound friars rd just east  I-15, in left hand lane. Vehicles travel at high speed and  pothole is dangerous.

2 large potholes and very rough road condions on Fairmount Ave. heading south on  ramp getting onto Aldine Drive.
Imperial Avenue west bound from 68th to 60th street is in bad need  resurfacing.  Pot holes, cracking street surface, primarily in  westbound lanes.  Please fix.
Very bigs pot holes
Between Entrance ramp to 94 from Kelton and  federal ex where  asphalt and concrete meet.
Sinking area that had been patched before, 's getting really bad. #1 lane heading east
Rancho Carmel Dr. between Carmel Mountain Road and Ted Williams is coming apart, full  potholes and huge cracks. Please fix. Thank you
On Miramar road and Cabot Dr (corner  where Arizona lear is)
Pot hole is almost in  middle   street on  west bound side  Stalmer St. 's about 10 inches wide and is deep
Deep pothole doubtlessly causing many cars' tires to go out  alignment and wear out prematurely causing owners unnecessary and unaffordable expense. Southbound Mission Gorge Road under Interstate 8 bridge. I do not have a photo but  platform would not accept whout a photo so I have included my own photo! This is a computer glch!
Deep potholes doubtlessly causing many cars' tires to go out  alignment and wear out prematurely causing owners unnecessary and unaffordable expense. Southbound Fairmount Avenue south  Interstate 8 bridge and north  southbound Aldine Drive framp.
Deep potholes doubtlessly causing many cars' tires to go out  alignment and wear out prematurely causing owners unnecessary and unaffordable expense. Southbound Fairmount at  Aldine Drive framp. These potholes are from  last big rain and have gone unrepaired for weeks!
PER PD P/H IN NB LANE CAUSED ACCIDENT
Someone is gonna lose a wheel in se pot holes. Please check. They are deep
Medium sized pothole, southbound lane.
Shallow pothole in northbound lane
Going east on W. Washington street, before  intersection wh San Diego Ave, under  Route 5 freeway,  road is ltered wh pot holes.
There is a pothole on Imperial Ave. as you are about to make a right onto  805 N. freeway.
A large pothole at  NW corner.
Big pothole!!
Pothole near crosswalk.
Copley park place corner near Chevron/ sb
On Goode st going up hill from Manzana Way,  almost at top passing last set  homes on left big hole seems like one day  may fall in.
Pothole on #3 lane (near sidewalk)
Pothole or deep/cracked road right on Convoy Street (cross street is Dagger St.)
Pothole right on  corner  Ash St. and 7th Avenue in downtown San Diego.
Potholes, uneven road
2 big potholes in right lane between mission gorge road and Carlton oaks drive.
Potholes
Potholes
Large potholes
The bike lane on  south-bound side  Sorrento Valley Road, between Carmel Valley Road and  Sorrento Valley Train Station is SEVERELY damaged.   is extremely dangerous for bike riders.  I saw a biker get tossed from his bike yesterday morning when y h a huge upheaval in  road surface.  This is especially troublesome as  is used by hundreds  bicyclists every day.  Please help before someone gets killed.
There are a tremendous number  potholes on Clairemont Drive from  8 freeway to Burgener Blvd. The one right at he intersection  Clairemont Drive and Galveston is HUGE
Deep potholes causing tire damage to cars when exing Friars Rd westbound onto Qualcomm Way. I'm unable to safely take pics because 's unsafe to ex your vehicle at  location.
I lerally have to zig zag down  street to avoid all  potholes!  The street is in need  resurfacing.   looks like a third world country!  The next time I h a pothole, I'm sending  replacement tire bill to  cy.
Pothole in intersection n13th st and G street
Large pothole in  left hand turning lane
Pot Hole at intersection
Right before you ver left to get o.j. nto  left turning lanes, re is a huge pothole causing cars to make large correction to avoid 
Pot Hole
Large pothole in left turn lane  Point Loma Ave
Pothole; people have to go around  in order to avoid  causing possibly dangerous traffic suations.
Potholes
Pot holes need to be fixed
Pothole in southbound lanes
Tree needs to be cut back removed or trend tearing up street
Multiple potholes in northbound lanes in  right lane. There is also a crack near  top   hill that needs to be filled
Potholes on on-ramp to 94 at 19th street
There are several huge potholes and cracks in  street.  This is a main street, highly traveled.
2nd request. Potholes are easily 3-4 inches deep. On hill approaching Correia Middle School. This is damaging to many, many cars. Thank you.
Large pothole on Friars Rd heading West towards Sea World Drive right as you enter  construction area.
Several holes making a right hand turn difficult.  You have to start to  left   lane to avoid m.
Large pothole on  corner  Raymell and Melbourne Drive.
A few connected large potholes adjacent  35mph sign.
Between Ward and Mission Center  road is dangerous for bikers.  Potholes, large cracks, uneven, etc.  Extremely poor and dangerous surface can cause cyclists to be jarred, swerve, take evasive moves that can cause m to go down or swerve into traffic.

I am embarrassed at  state   roads in Pacific Beach, are we being punished for some reason???

On Ulric!!!


Giant Pothole by  curve

There is a pothole at intersection  4th and A street, and has been re for 6-8 weeks.
Pot holes and cracks in street
POTHOLE
SERIES OF BAD POTHOLES.
Beagle between Ashford and Linda Vista Rd is in horrible condion. Saw a fire truck having to slow down yesterday.
BAD POTHOLE CAUSING VEHICLES TO SWERVE DANGEROUSLY.
Giant pothole in right lane on Bluffside, close to Mission Bay Drive
According to Next Door a number  complaints have been reported, including mine.There is a NASTY "SINKHOLE" that is bone jarring when you h . Needs to be fixed immediately.  Does damage to tires and shocks. is located in  left hand land, south bound, on Camino Ruiz, south  Mira Mesa Blvd. is just south (left lane)   turn in to  Target center, between Cibank and O'Reilly's Auto Parts. Could you please send a crew out ASAP because  is really nasty.... is where some road work must have been done and  is now caving in...maybe 6 feet long by 18" wide.    THANK YOU!
There is a pothole or dent in  pavement. People are swerving f  road all day to miss , I almost got h  or day walking my dog.  Someone is going to cause an accident.  Also  pothole has existed for a couple months.  Please fix ASAP due to safety hazard.  The cy spray painted  a month ago but nothing has been done.  Thank you.
Turning Intersection Ollo and Convoy in  center
Going east on garnet in left turn lane to turn on mission bay dr.
Pothole in SB lanes
1 FOOT POTHOLE.
Large pothole in NB lanes; hazardous to bicyclists
Multiple potholes have reappeared along Camino Ruiz.
Multiple potholes have reappeared along Camino Ruiz.
Multiple potholes have reappeared along Camino Ruiz.
Multiple potholes have reappeared along Camino Ruiz.
Multiple potholes have reappeared along Camino Ruiz.
Pothole in  middle   intersection.
3 large potholes
Extremely large, and completely unavoidable pothole on Friars heading west from Napa Street.  Due to  extensive construction and lane closures in  area,  is absolutely impossible for many cars to avoid  pothole, especially at night when visibily is low.  This pothole shredded my front tire last night, 4/19/17.   is impossible to take a picture due to  location and construction around  area.
1-2 Ft diameter  pothole developing rapidly - looks like potential "sink hole"! Access to Del Mar Heights Elementary, so heavy daily traffic.
Numerous large and deep potholes intersection  La Jolla Scenic Dr South and Rutgers Rd. Reported several times but still re.
On ramp from  94 E. to  15 N. is absolutely brutal wh potholes.
Pothole in middle  intersection.Thank you!

Several potholes on Home Ave. Southbound
POTHOLE  2 X 2
POTHOLE
Big pothole 2 feet by 2 feet. Please fill  pothole asap. Thanks
Potholes at The 94E to 15N Exchange ramp
Big pothole 2 feet by 2 feet.
1 foot by 1 foot pothole.
pothole
In  underpass. Massive holes
Pothole at intersection  Campanile and Dorothy Drive
BIG HUGE POT HOLE BETWEEN BURGNER AND DENVER I AM CONCERED THAT A MOTORCYLE MIGHT NOT SEE IT AT NIGHT
There is a giant pothole on garnet right before turning left onto  5.
There is a large pothole on  intersection  ingraham and pacific beach drive
BAD POTHOLE WITH ORANGE CONE AS WARNING.
Pothole on east bound Friars Rd before Santo Rd. Left lane prior to  Santo Rd turning lane.
Multiple potholes as you turn north from upas onto felton street
Pot holes riddled through  street
During onto 16th street from imperial avenue. There are 2 or 3 when making  right turn
Terrible road
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
HAZARDOUS POT HOLE.
POTHOLES
Many potholes in whole street.
TWO BAD POTHOLES S/B FAIRMOUNT UNDER 8 OVERPASS
BAD POTHOLE S/B ONRAMP FROM FAIRMOUNT TO ALDINE
Pothole
LARGE POTHOLES ON LA JOLLA SCENIC S AT RUTGERS
POTHOLE
Pothole
Big pothole
Pothole
Pothole

Washington Street from Pacific Highway up to San Diego Avenue needs total re-surfacing and re-striping.  's a virtual series  potholes all  way up over  two train tracks, etc., etc.  HELP!
POTHOLES ALL OVER STREET
LARGe pothole on on El Camino Real and  56 on ramp
BAD POTHOLE
Pothole

POTHOLE DESTROYED TIRE. HAD TO GET TIRE REPLACED AND ALIGNMENT. ON FRIARS UNDER FWY BRIDGES BEFORE SEA WORLD DR.
Major pothole and  mound next to  is about 12 inches high! This whole road is cracked up really bad!
Pothole
There are several large pot holes east bound on Washington directly under  5 freeway overpass in  left turn lane.
Terrible alley way has been under construction for months. 's damaging cars and re are constant water line breaks. When will  be completed?
Anor deep terrible one
MULT CALLS TO REPORT HANDFUL OF POTHOLES ON THIS STREET AND IT HAS NOT BEEN ADDRESSED. ACCIDENT WAITING TO HAPPEN
Large pothole right in front  our driveway.


Massive
Broken


 pothole isnt very wide, but s getting deeper.  is in  middle   street
Potholes
Potholes
Series  potholes making  very difficult to drive in  lane. Usually have to enter  or lane to avoid  potholes.
Large potholes in  area
a few on  street at  location...thank you
Huge potholes in left side turn lane to get onto I5. People are causing issues trying to avoid m.
6 in deep by about 18 wide pothole on Clairemont Mesa Blvd EB.On  west side   intersection   I-15 SB on/f ramps, roughly between  two travel lanes. 's been re for some months and gradually getting worse.
along Saturn Blvd near  intersection. thank you...
Middle  street w/b
Missing slats on  old railroad track
Potholes at intersection  ingulf and denver
Deep gutter trenching from heavy rain
Big pot hole on Genessee right before  turn lane onto John Jay Hopkins.Please fill  in.  Thanks!
Two potholes on west bound Clairemont Drive, just before Galveston.
RECENTLY FILLED POTHOLE IS SINKING. DANGEROUS. 50' AWAY TRAVELING EAST BOUND.
Pothole in far left turn lane across from Sonic
Newly resurfaced Street prone to damage
POTHOLES ON ESCALA FROM POMERADO TO FERNANDO.
very large pothole in  inside southbound lane.
3rd notice attached copy  picture and up e street going East top  hill two more big holes. Forget  photos not coming up. Just fix  pot holds.
Pot hole left turn lane, east bound. 1ft diameter
4th notice pot hole and 2 more going east up hill on stalker st. Photo attached
Pothole at NE corner  Cardiff and Skyline
Pothole on northbound lane  C St. in front  2948 C St.
Huge pot holes on f street between 5th and 6th
Several potholes, Nw corner
Northbound side

Large pothole on Balboa just east  Mercury.
Various potholes heading east on via capri around  round about.
Right at  railroad tracks re is a large rise in  pavement which is very jarring and dangerous to two wheeled vehicles. This section  road should be flat, and  is very dangerous if someone were to loose control or pop a tire on  train tracks.
In  lefthand Northbound lane on Camino Ruiz, just south  Capricorn way; re is a large divot/ridge in  pavement that is very jarring to ride over. I've nearly lost control  my vehicle hting  area on more than one occasion.  Please level  patch.
Potholes:   diameter 16"   plus, two are approx. 10 inches deep in alley between Kleefield and Manou (2 block area) also numerous smaller but still large potholes  . Alley is behind Bannock Ave, between Clairemont Mesa and Bannock Ave 92117  from Kleefield to Manou.
Large area  deep rutted uneven broken asphalt surface.
Pothole
Two deep potholes as you turn left onto  onramp.  The only way to avoid m is to swerve into  next lane.
Memorial prep school side walk by our grass field hole is covered wh wood  wood has rot  cement around  breaking s a tripping hazard and soon  wood is goin to cave in we spray painted  area im  building service sup at Memorial victor rar 619 417-2178
ONE LARGE HOLE
Pothole
Large pot hole in far left turn lane.
The alley between Bancrt and 33rd Street has numerous potholes.  I live on  block between Madison and Monroe, and driving through  alley is like froading.  There is also a burst pipe in  middle   alley, so re are potholes that are always flooded. This is a waste  water and a mosquo hazard.
This road is in ridiculously bad condion.  The entire road needs to be repaved and not just patched.  Traveling on  road twice a day, my car is being torn up daily.  Avenido Venusto also needs to be done, especially in front  RB middle and high school.
Pothole
I strongly recommend repaving avati drive starting from 4000 block and ending on  intersection  Eichenlaub & Huerfano ave. Way too long that short avati block has been ignored!
In  left turn lane on Sorrento Valley Blvd
There are 2 large pothole located underneath  I-8 overpass causing front end damage because   size.   is also causing traffic to swerve into or lanes to avoid m creating  potential for collisions.  They are located at 5900 Fairmont Ave @ Camino Del Rio North underneath  I-8 overpass.
Pothole in left turning lane going North on Garnet Ave. Turning on to Mission Bay Dr
two potholes in east bound lane  also a pothole in  west bound lane 7800n on beagle 7850 west bound also a pothole
April 21, 2017Problem: cyclist-injuring potholes on Friars Road.The location:  east bound Friars Rd, just east  Frazee Rd.  For about100 yards, re are multiple holes and trench gouges that are parallelto  direction  cyclist is traveling (i.e. a "wheel catcher").To make matters truly life-threatening,  is  exact transionzone where  vehicular cyclist is looking back over her left shoulderfor motor vehicle traffic, because  through cyclist must ease left onelane here to avoid  freeway-like ex f Friars to Mission CenterRd. (which many cars are intending to take at significant speed).Potholes, gouges, and criss-crossing traffic -- DANGER!Please fix all holes and gouges in  area at "emergency" priory.Thanks.Roy
POTHOLE ON RD THAT FOLLOWS LAMONT ST. LEADS INTO CROWN POINT SHORES PARKING LOT.
3 OR 4 LRG POTHOLES NEAR BIKE PATH. ABOUT 8 INCHED DP, CREATING HAZARD FOR PEOPLE USING TRAIL
Pothole
Huge pothole 4 feet by 3 feet. Please fill  asap. Thanks.
Big pothole 3 feet by 2 feet.
Huge pothole 3 feet by 2 feet.
Potholes
This area   street was redone as well as pipes below  in  last several months. The road sunk around  manhole and about thirty feet (about 4 foot wide)   a ltle west   manhole.  looks like  ground is giving some where  piping was replaced.  did not take long to happen. I was thinking  may have been noticed as a lot  construction and road work is ongoing in  area but no action appears to be in  works and  is hard on  vehicles using  road. I would think  work should be  responsibily   contractor as  has not been that long since that section was redone.
POTHOLE JUST BEFORE GOVERNOR
The potholes that are in East side  Robinson Ave & Florida St are becoming really deep and big that I lerally have to go around m wh my car and at night time you cant even tell that y are re, especially in  days when re was rain. These potholes are going to ruin my car/tires etc... Please fix m. There are basically making  street dig in. One thing that makes m worse is that big semi trucks/ moving trucks and or huge trucks are making  worse. Please send someone to fix  issue. Thanks
One  many large holes on Stalmer between Linda Vista Road and Ashford.  really needs to be fully paved


Heading eastbound from cross street Ashford street Beagle turns into Stalmer vehicles encounter addion pot holes and street damage.  Pot hole in front  7827 Stalmer street.  This is a high traffic street and MTS Bus route.  Limed street parking so unable to provide pictures.
Several potholes at  intersection, biggest one on east bound Bayview Heights, right after  stop.
VERY BAD
Northbound lane  clairemont is a giant pot hole just before utne drive. Like axle busting size.
Multiple potholes in road

Westbound Lane
Large pothole driving south just past  8West on ramp.
Street very uneven in left lane  east Laurel just past intersection w Ketner.
bad pothole in road surface
pothole in road surface
There is a huge ridge (pothole) at  intersection  Sunset Cliffs Blvd. and Santa Cruz Avenue, which may cause tire damage and cars to bottom out.
Huge 10 foot trench
 intersection is full  potholes, big and small, deep and shallow, please repave  intersection
east bound Sports Arena Blvd, right lane is cracked beyond recognion, riddled wh potholes. please repave  entire stretch   street.
west bound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd. here,  street is so cracked and full  potholes,  needs to be repaved badly. please follow through.
Pot hole
 street boulder lake ave is completely damaged.  section between cowled mountain road and navajo road. every street around  is been paved new but that street.  has been damaged by cy workers by parking  big machines re while fixing  or streets. 's becoming a safety issue now because people are driving on  side   .
Causes unsuspecting cars to nearly bottom out
Trench has been dug and filled. The new material was not packed adequately and has sunk dramatically.
Deep pothole east  mission center road on CDRN
Several potholes at  3 way intersection, wh  biggest on EB Bayview Heights Dr., right after  stop.
Asphalt is shoving and was previously patched. This needs dig out.

Pothole
Repair to street didn't hold up...now causes significant pothole
Pothole
Big potholes
Trip hazard
Pothole as you turn onto 5th from juniper



Garfield Road, just north  Milton.  Area has leaked water from under asphalt for over a year.  Looks like 's about to turn into a sink hole.  Hope  doesn't swallow a car!
Garfield Road, just north  Milton.  Area has leaked water from under asphalt for over a year.  Looks like 's about to turn into a sink hole.  Hope  doesn't swallow a car!
Garfield Road, just north  Milton.  Area has leaked water from under asphalt for over a year.  Looks like 's about to turn into a sink hole.  Hope  doesn't swallow a car!
Pothole on westbound Schilling Ave at intersection wh Carlston Way.
Multiple potholes on Roselle Street at intersection wh southbound I-5 on-ramp.  Potholes are on Roselle Street and not on  freeway on-ramp.
Hole
Several deep pot holes





Huge pothole at turnabout at Eastside parking lot by baseball field #2 at luckie waller.
On west side  Venice just North  Long Branch
Several large potholes at indication shown in map, in  south bound lanes  Santo road, near  norrn entrance to Serra High School
Several potholes on street
Potholes  entire street between Navajo Rd. and Highwood

Pothole in crosswalk, eastbound Beech. Hazard.
BAD POTHOLE RIGHT AT THE INTERSECTION
Several Potholes and uneven pavement in  area.




Huge pothole about 100 feet from  light on Clairemont Mesa Blvd, headed West towards  Convoy St. intersection.
Multiple potholes

3 huge, deep pot holes!!!

Handholes are several inches below  roadway creating a driving hazardous.
Pothole
Huge potholes f my driveway in alleyway
Huge potholes entrance  alleyway near my house. Almost fell.
Huge pothole in middle  road.  Takes up  whole street.  No way around avoiding .
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Multiple potholes





CLAIREMONT DRIVE FROM THE 5 FREEWAY TO MERA MESA BOULEVARD IS LINED WITH "POTHOLES".  PLEASE HAVE SOMEONE DRIVE THIS SECTION OF ROAD, AND SEE FOR YOURSELF.NOT SURE WHAT HAPPENED, AS ONCE YOU GET FURTHER NORTH ON THIS STREET THE PAVEMENT IS PERFECT.PLEASE DRIVE ALL THE WAY UP TO THE POST OFFICE AND SEE THE DIFFERENCE.THANKS,MAKING SAN DIEGO, AMERICA'S FINEST CITY ... THOMAS W FLEMING, a retired Georgia Tech Engineer, here at Bay Canyon.  My wife teaches handicapped children at Whman, and drives from Edison to  Post Office every day.Please help, Thanks Tom   twwwf@pacbell.net  is my email
This is Friars Rd East, just before Santo Rd, in  left lane. Apparently, some work was done here, but whoever repaved  did a crappy job. Someone is gonna mess ir car up one day if  doesn't get fixed soon!
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE IN THE W BOUND LANE PRIOR TO THE LARKDALE INTERSECTION.
Multiple potholes in front  our property wh dangerous lumps   road surface being thrown by passing cars.





































Although you fixed 2  m in  location, re is still anor large one in right lane traveling toward Balboa Ave before ir outside neon sign.  I know I report a lot  se, but y are on my every-day travel routes.  I very much appreciate your action on all  m.




There are huge potholes on EVERY corner at  intersection.I know I report a lot  se, but y are on my every-day travel routes.  I very much appreciate your action on all  m.

Big pothole at intersection  mission bay dr and garnet

Crumbling near edge
Edge is getting worse



Bad porthole at Rutgers Ed and La Jolla scenic drive.  Wife has bad back and had to go to  hospal after hting  very  very bad hole.  is dangerous and should be fixed soon.







E/B LANE OF GARNET. LEFT TURN LANE
A few large potholes on friars road heading west near  construction k rails.
Deep pot hole left lane  eastbound Clairemont mesa blvd at Murphy canyon road
Big pothole need to be fixed..may fall someone about 6 inches deep x 7 round re are like 5
Two large pot holes- three months ago I reported se pot holes and y have yet to be repaired . I see countless cars swerve and or h se pot holes. Why has  not been addressed?!
Highwood Drive, especially at Bisby Lake Ave/Highwood Drive to Coleshill Dr/Highwood Drive is full  pot holes. Many cars will drive in  middle or wrong side   road or on  very far right, where cars are sometimes parked, just to avoid driving on  piece  Highwood Drive, 92119. This road is long overdue for some work.
Pothole
deep potholes
Big pothole on left lane  south bound Camino Ruiz
For 20 yrs been trying to get  done in Encanto
2 potholes at  intersection  Vivian and Celia Vista. Top layer totally gone.
SINKHOLE FORMING FOR POTHOLE. VERY DANGEROUS AND SPREADING.
Lerally tons  dangerous and long time unfilled pot holes  entire block from Sunset Cliffs Bl to Larkspur St. Please fill asap-several previous requests have been totally ignored. Thanks !
Huge pothole
Major damaging pothole in middle lane at light heading south on 10th
Large pothole in no 1 left turn lane eastbound on Garnet (turn to northbound Mission Bay Dr). Cars eir swerve in to anor lane (including oncoming traffic) or drive through  pothole.
Pothole near no parking sign.
Pothole near pedestrian crossing.
Huge pothole
Street was recently resurfaced but  street right in front  my driveway which I use everyday is very damaged. Im worried about my car and tires. Extremely rough and buckled.
Pothole corner  11th and J St
Near yellow fire hydrant.
NORTHEAST SIDE OF THE INTERSECTION CLOSE TO THE MANHOLE. DANGEROUS POTHOLE CAUSING VEHICLE DAMAGE.
Southbound number 2 lane on Santo
Prior patch is sinking, why hasn't  been fixed?
Two big pot holes
Southbound Fairmount Ave, inside lane under Interstate 8 West bound freeway, where  is dark.  Could not see  darn pot hole and bang - my front passenger tire fell in and h  hole.  You can see  pot hole in  Jan 2017 Google Maps...Don't remember driving over  before.  Maybe  Mayor or  Chargers should drive over  and mess up ir vehicles!  This intersection has enough distractions like PANHANDLERS in  middle   road, and m and ir animals camping out under  bridge.

Deep pothole on carmel mountain dr. Approaching Stoney peak.
The asphalt in  3900 block  Cadden Way is "crazed," which means that  continually generates potholes. There are currently two large potholes and several small ones in  3900 block  Cadden Way, and  smaller ones extend east into  3800 block. In  attached images, you can see  two largest potholes and  chunks  asphalt that have been ejected by  tires  passing cars that residents have taken from  street and placed on ir curbs. One attached image clearly shows  extensive "crazing"   asphalt.
re is a large pothole in front  our house and more down our street. Zion Avenue is a mess
Pothole that was fixed about 2 months ago re-opened again.  was not properly fixed  first time and asphalt immediately started crumbling. Pothole is at  corner  J str and 11th ave.
There are 2 wide and deep potholes at  intersection  10th ave and F str in  middle lane.  is impossible to drive over m.
Potholes
Pot hole
East bound lanes. Left lane. Huge!
Pothole in transion from east bound Friars Road into left turn lane to north bound Santo Road. Driving through  lane causes vehicles to pch, wobble, rumble and behave in a dangerous manner
There are more than one potholes on  street on both sides   road and y are various sizes. T
Several potholes exist on La Jolla Blvd in Bird Rock in front   retail store # 5621.  These are a hazard to cars and bikers.
Pothole located in Bird Rock on La Jolla Blvd across from retail # 5713.  Damages cars and bike riders.
Pothole located in Bird Rock on La Jolla Blvd in front  retail store # 5691.This causes damage to cars and bike riders.
s on  left hand lane going northbound on Camino Ruiz.
 south end  mt everest blvd. between mt armour  place and mt blackburn have numerous potholes in  middle   road.
Lots  holes and uneven pavement in lane that exs 15 south.
Pothole in left  two left turn lanes on Garnet East, just before Mission Bay.
Pothole in north bound left lane  Clairemont Drive

Carpool lane
8-inch diameter borehole whout backfill. 2 feet deep
Major potholes on Stalmer between Ashford and Linda Vista Rd. In both directions
Left hand lane northbound Genesee 100 yards south  Governor
Road tore up between Esplenade Ct. through  5 freeway intersection on both directions  Genesee
Regents drive lanes both directions tore up between Executive Dr. and Genesee Ave.
Streamview dr from Lea f  54th street has approximately 7 small/med potholes down  middle   road, most before you get to Mina. Really need to slurry  entire road but if you could fix those,  would be great
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ST.
Rancho Carmel Drive needs repaving. The street is full  potholes and cracks ten making driving and  braking dangerous. The issue has been reported many times over  past 2 years and no action has been taken. \
We received a complaint about large potholes on  west side  10th Av, approximately 50 ft north  Broadway. Please fill  potholes and monor for future issues at  location as  is recurring. Thank you!
Several potholes on Dwight street at 37th &Dwight
Several potholes on Dwight St
north bound on Morena Blvd., right lane, a deep pothole needs repair
Pot hole at  intersection and throughout Washington
Rancho Carmel Dr between Ted Williams Pkwy and Carmel Mountain Rd is pothole-ridden both ways.
ALLEY RIDDLED WITH POTHOLES
Major pot hole issues between mesa college drive way and Genesee on marlesta
Been re for months.   Before passing thru  intersection (in  westbound lanes)  There is a very deep pothole on  east side  mission center road, whin 30 feet   lim line.    See where my marker is.
Poor repair turning into a sink hole.
Huge pothole left turn lane
Left turn lane on eastbound Point Loma Ave
Hole in asphalt in crosswalk at Voltaire St and Catalina Bl intersection, when crossing Catalina Bl on south side  Voltaire St, near S/E corner  intersection.  THIS IS VERY DANGEROUS AND SHOULD BE ADDRESSED IMMEDIATELY.  GPS: 32.743734, -117.234834.
SIX POTHOLES
POTHOLE
several large potholes in  street here all  way up into  intersection at Monroe
THe entire bottom half   road from Foothills heading north
Severe potholes on ramp from Mission Gorge Road West to I-8 east
pothole , along  northbound side  street  , near delta //provided to san diego police dept , inc #40267
Numerous potholes 5300 block  Cardeno Dr.
Numerous potholes 5500 block  Cardeno Drive
ACTUALLY ALL OF CLAIREMONT DR FROM I_5 TO BALBOA AVE NEEDS URGENT ATTENTION .... I HAVE TO DODGE POTHOLES GOING EAST AND NORTH ALONG THIS ROUTE THE WHOLE WAY ....
Severe cracking and growing potholes in street in front  17794 Cabela Dr.  Street has a number  issues and damage at  location that are in need  street repair.
Potholes along bridge approach ways and sides that need to be addressed and filled wh dirt and leveled because  safety  vehicles that need to pull over. Flooding may occur here also.
They are replacing our concrete streets. Neighbors met wh  cy a few months ago and y were told  under grounding   utily lines would be done in  street -- currently y run down  allies on poles. Are y going to dig up two million dollars worth  new concrete streets after just replacing m?
Pothole on  right lane. Southbound on Morena under  I-8 overpass. I blew out my tire on Easter and  pothole is still re as  Apr23.
Pothole on street near corner
The streets on Brynwood Way, Brynwood Ct, and Del Paso are deteriorated to  extent that in many areas y are dirt and rock




huge pothole exactly where Lusk Blvd and Vista Sorrento Pkwy meet.  no way to avoid  or go around when you're turning left at  light.  Daily cars are getting damaged.
big hole, please fix .
pohole is on lakenurst, 1 foot deep.
Pot hole/ uneven road surface
Lots  potholes for 10-20 yards or even more.
7755 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111, USA to 5415 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117, USA.  Street damage starts east  convoy.  Clairemont Mesa has missing pavement, pot holes, shallow potholes, deep open cracks, uneven pavement.  Needs to be resurfaced at some point in  future, please patch  road.  The damage is in both directions east and west.
LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF ADDRESS
S/B INGRAHAM, JUST BEFORE THE BRIDGE ON INGRAHAM, LARGE POTHOLE, ALSO GO PAST DANA LANDING AND THERE ARE MORE POTHOLES!
SEVERAL POTHOLE ON 3600-3800 CROWN PT
The south bound Ruffin Rd right turn lane onto Aero Dr is heavily damaged and has been in poor condion for a long time.  There is a pothole and uneven asphalt.   is hazardous to be on a bike traversing  part   road at  bottom   hill.  Repairs are long overdue.  Please help.
Pothole
Pothole
Pot holes all over south morning. Every street re done but  one. Hey fix potholes but  is a greater problem. The whole street needs re surface
POTHOLE
Repatched pothole opened
Huge pothole before entering 805 north freeway
Eastbound Garnet Avenue in  #1 lane across  street from Sonic Drive-in, re is a very deep pothole.
Potholes northbound State St near I-5 underpass.
Pothole
Potholes and cracks eastbound
Hazard. Uneven street pavement. Protruding move n 5 inches above street ground.
Big pothole near curb, interferes wh people turning right onto ruffner from east bound clairemont mesa blvd
Long stretch  potholes for about 50' - 75' southbound directly under  94 overpass. My truck bounces all over  place even going under  lim.
SHALLOW POTHOLE , N/B 43RD
Spider web cracking and large sections  road deteriorating. Multiple pieces  asphalt coming loose.
Large sections  road deteriorating across width  road. Multiple pieces  asphalt coming loose.
The Scripps ranch parkway near Angelique is really beaten up for about 1.5 years now
Rancho Carmel Dr. & Carmel Mtn Rd.. .West bound on Carmel Mtn just east  Rancho Carmel...  in #3 lane deep and large pothole.
pot hole
There is a large pothole/sinking road/patch in  right lane just before  John's Hopkins Dr and N. Torrey Pines Rd intersection.  is horrible on your vehicle to drive over and  a safety hazard to swerve/break to avoid. The arrow in  attached pictures shows  location   street damage,  is very unsafe to take an image   pothole on  high speed stretch  road.
Too many potholes, impossible to drive. Please fix
The part   road from 9404 to 9494 on Otay Mesa Road is in need  repair.  Can you please fix  road before my car substance furr damage. Thank you.
The part   road from 9404 to 9494 on Otay Mesa Road is in need  repair.  is covered in potholes and makes impossible to drive on. Please fix ASAP. Thank you for your consideration.
Bad ones!!!
Several potholes are located on  north bound side  Beyer Way just before  bridge that crosses  Otay Valley Regional Park into Chula Vista.
Big pothole from suken trench
Road damage
Pothole on North Side  Telesis Court at junction  Lusk Blvd.   is at  seem   asphalt and concrete near  intersection.I h  on my bicycle and  threw me f  bike.  I had 4 separate brush burns.  I was x-rayed but fortunately, re were no broken bones.  I'm an experienced rider wh over 10 years  commuting by bicycle.  I have a helmet cam video   incident.  See - https://app.keenai.com/s/39074171-11-kSjGY6PWvNIriwkS
multiple pot holes and sunken trench
POTHOLE W/B
  corner  Buckingham and La Jolla Mesa, re needs to be a drain put in to catch all  water that runs down Buckingham and La Jolla Mesa.   Every house on  right side  Buckingham drains water to Buckingham.  This water runs down  hill to  corner or LJ Mesa and  ss in a large pothole that fills wh water.   The same thing happens on LJ Mesa....all  water drains to that point and n stays re.     some point  cy repaired  roads in  area and created  problem.   needs to be fixed!  Thank you!
Multiple potholes on southbound Santo between Clairemont and Porto.
Large pothole in left turn lane  eastbound direction
Pothole east bound left lane right at  light
Large pothole in right lane, in front  Westfield UTC construction
Pothole in travel lane where right tires travelCanon at talbot , south  Talbot - 92106
There are multiple potholes in front   9750 fice building that need to be repaired due to high traffic area.  Thank you.
This pot hole report was closed but  pot hole still exists.   has not been re-repaired  was just closed.  Please fix  pot hole permanently ASAP.  is getting bigger by  day.  I'm not sure why  report was closed service was never done.I've attached  inial report I sent in.Report Number: 00146205Service Notification Number: 150000801437 Problem Type: PotholeProblem Description: There is a huge pot hole at  intersection WB Friars and Qualcomm Way. The pot hole repair that was done 3 weeks ago has opened up again. A permanent repair is needed.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Pothole at souast corner  El Comal Drive and Amaro Drive.  Pothole is also dangerous for pedestrians crossing at  intersection.
Behind in  alley between Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Barstow is a crack in  cement and 's getting deeper by  day. Below are pictures showing  size   crack and how deep 's getting.  You can now hear a car roll over  as  crack shifts wh  weight.
The pothole is located on  north bound lane at  entrance  Casoleil Apartments on 1100 Dennery Road.
Crazed asphalt paving and several large and small potholes on Cadden Way in front  4013 and 4023 residences. See attached images.
The pothole where asphalt meets  bridge.
Pot Hole
Pothole northbound Genesee dr. before Governor dr..
Large pothole in front  house
MODERATE COLLAPSE
Manhole far below grade  road, feels like a huge pothole.
I have reported  over  phone twice in  past 2 years, but nothing has been done. I used to report  as  re-developed and  was always repaired fairly quickly.Where  westbound Adams Avenue asphalt meets  concrete   bridge over 15, a large lip develops because  settling and  becomes a hard slam to  car going eir into  left-turn lane or straight.  is even worse and more dangerous for bicycles. There needs to be an adjustment to  asphalt to bring  up to meet  concrete. The eastbound side is less jarring.
POTHOLE
Reported  2X over past 2 years and nothing done. I used to report  as  redeveloped, and  would be fixed pretty quickly, since  is a minor repair. Westbound 805 concrete bridge Adams Avenue roadway, where  meets Adams Avenue asphalt as  street continues, a ledge has again developed and re is a slam as you go up onto  asphalt. The eastbound side is a b less jarring because you are going "down" instead  "up." Please fill  in.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
There is a fairly large pavement patch, probably from some sort  underground construction on east bound Friars Road, just before Santo Road in  fast lane.  The pavement is sunken and is several inches deep.  When you cross  in a car  gives you que a jolt.  This condion has persisted for several weeks and still nothing is getting done about .   is potentially que dangerous.
On corner  Cottonwood St & 40th St.
Deep hole right at  turn from Clairemont Mesa Blvd going east and turning right on Ruffner.  keeps getting bigger as 's high traffic area.
There's like a sinkhole forming going south on Palm Avenue
There are numerous potholes on Cadden Way. Please have m refilled as soon as possible.
Second time reporting  pothole. Nobody came out to repair. 's getting deeper.
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole at 8575 Ara Place that has not been filled. Pothole was reported in February 2017.

Palm Ave, San Diego, 92154 is in dire need for repairs. This is  3rd time I've asked for someone to take a look at  major artery from Montgomery High School to I-805, and let me know if we can expect some repairs. Please call me at 619-690-5009 at let m know what's going on. Thank you,Brian Kenna
3  pine tree basins nee to be filled.
The pothole is where you turn right on to Escala Drive from Bernardo Center Drive.
BAD POTHOLE TIRES RUPTURING TIRES
Going south on Avenida Venusto, pothole is on  curve before you pass Overlook Apts.
Cy crews finally came out last Saturday mid morning and filled several potholes in n west bound lane  Friars Rd.  HOWEVER, re is still one pot hole that was not filled competently and completely. So  crew needs to come back and fill  pot hole westbound Friars Rd. just a wee b under  trolley overpass or a few yards just west   overpass. Thanks.
Have damaged my wheels and tires repeatedly on multiple potholes on  block.
4255 Ruffin road on  southbound lane on  left lane
Pothole in crosswalk on sw side turning into sky park court
Small pothole before crosswalk on Ruffin southbound. Different than one at 4255 Ruffin
Sdge bump
Large pot hole in front   driveway. Cars swerve to avoid. (Cause  two car accidents in  past month
Multiple potholes covered in sand se bound on gutter edge
Massive depression in eb lane, dangerous  change lanes on motorcycle
Trench in street is failing and sinking Looks to be a sinkhole and is getting worst everyday
Pothole in middle  road
Potholes are all along morningside street and casas bonas street throughout  street.
There is one long pothole, lasting 4 blocks, both up and down Clairemont Drive (heading West and East).  IT is equivilant to driving f road every day!!!PLEASE RESURFACE THIS STREET FROM HIGHWAY 5 UP THE HILL TO BURGENER DRIVE!!!!!!!!
Pothole
Rough, jarring trolley rail crossing. Has been increasingly worse over last year
Southbound however both ways uneven, worn down, and very bumpy.  Thank you.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
#1- streets  Ollie and Venus are a disgrace. There are not just a few potholes,  ENTIRE street is ripped to shreds and need to be repaved. #2- All  se construction vehicles have been parked on  already narrow/shredded street over a month. Grand finally is from 1am-4am loud construction noise has kept residents awake and needs to stop. Stage somewhere else!!
Pothole just pat  bus stop north   intersection.
Pothole
Lots  potholes on  street west   52 ex.
Potholes all over  street! My tenant popped his tire. This street has been neglected and needs attention asap!
Numerous DEEP potholes on westbound Navajo Road from  border  El Cajon to  signal at Lake Murray Blvd.  Difficult and dangerous to avoid m all as y are distributed across all lanes.
Pothole in  corner  Midway Dr. and Enterprise St.
3 Pot holes located in front  bus stop, a hazard for buses approaching bus stop.
Area  broken pavement and bad pothole taking up most   bike lane at  bus stop in front  Roosevelt Junior High.
This two pothole are here since  last rain.
Sinkhole forming going west on Palm Avenue need attention immediately
Pot hole on universy and 60th
2 foot pothole in  middle   street.
In  left turn lane,   NE bound Washington St, turning onto San Diego ave.Many potholes and cracks, but  big one is in left turn lane 2, right where your left front tire would h.
Pothole located in left-most left turn lane when going east on Garnet Ave (to turn left onto Mission Bay Drive), in front  Sonic Drive-In. This is  second request to have  fixed. The first (00171056) was closed whout fixing  pothole.
I live f  street and  is  worst street that I have encountered. Please repave  road!!!!!
Pothole at  light in  left turn lane
The back alley parallel  to Florida st (west side  Florida towards Georgia) has a lot  potholes and is in desperate need  repaving
There are some large potholes on  street in  area. In addion, re are large cracks running down  length  Gold Coast Dr, between San Ramon Dr and Westonhill Dr.  minimum, please fill in  potholes but please also consider repaving Gold Coast Dr in  area.
Deep pothole in right lane.
They did not repave between Camber and Paola Way for some reason.  Please complete  section to match recently paved Chateau.  Also please confirm what or streets in Clairemont are being paved in  near future.
Huge pot hole
Location  is south side  stalmer st in front  apartment  building 7827 at  apartment building  drive way

Nice size pothole on  street  in front   address.
Pothole in  intersection  Paradise Valley Rd and Woodman St. 's in  northbound left lane.
Pothole
Double potholes on Friars road to  left before  turning lane onto Santos Rd. Please fix m y're dangerous.
Road is sinking near  sewer manholes
There is a large pothole that is unavoidable that leads to a condo complex wh many uns.
Pothole in  Norast bound lane at 4180 Clairemont Mesa Boulevard
Roads need major repair from B/C and 28th street to all  way 3rd ave
This stretch  Waring Rd between Eldridge and Birchwood on  southbound lanes (towards  Zion Ave) is pted wh potholes. You cannot avoid m and  entire stretch should be replaced. Ironically,  next lanes on  block have been repaved.  's willy nilly paving. Do  whole darn street!!!! Moronic planning!!!




between krispy creme donuts and usa gas entrance to clairemont square shopping ctr on lakehurst ave
Missed que a few potholes on  street
Tree roots raising pavement across both wb lanes. Traffic is swerving to avoid sharp bump. This happening throughout that interchange. Thanks!
I h a very large pot hole on Sunday 4-23, 1.37 pm.  least 3" deep and 1 1/2 ft x 1 1/2 ft.   is is  left turning lane as you are heading east on Garnet making  turn north onto Mission Bay Drive heading to  onramp for I-5 North.  Lanes are very tight so very difficult to avoid wh on coming traffic.
POTHOLE (LONG 18 FT  X 4 IN DEEP)
POTHOLE
No handicap ramp
pothole in westbound lane  Mallard Dr near center line.
pothole in traffic lane near centerline west bound lane
Pothole
Hi,We want to report potholes and request street repair in  alley in front  1245 Roslyn Ln La Jolla CA 92037 please. As  is  backside  1251 Prospect St La Jolla CA 92037, and  is creating water erosion and splashing into  storefront interior when traffic goes by.   We are requesting se potholes to be fixed and patched so we are not collecting water and undermining  concrete street. Please advise,Thank you
Large pothole in left turn lane from east bound Garnet Av to north bound mission bay drive
Pothole at driveway
Deterioration   road
Pothole
Getting bigger
Pot hole in number one lane or left turn on santo rd going to aero dr. safety hazard. will cause accident.
Many potholes.
Large pothole
Large pot hole
Potholes at intersection  Alsacia St and Alta View Drive.
Pothole just before  intersection wh Omega Dr
Large crater on San Andres Dr. Just upon entry to shopping center .
Pothole near me corner
Pothole near NE corner
SB Ruffin Rd, approaching Aero Dr in  west lane closest to  sidewalk.
On Camino del Rio North, westbound just before Mission Center Road, middle lane.
Pothole is located at Camino del Rio N. and Mission Center Road on  east side  Mission Center.
Two pot holes on Morena Blvd south, under freeway 8 in right hand lane prior to on ramp
E/B CLAIREMONT MESA  NEAR ARCO GAS!



This has gotten so bad that  west side is almost impassable we have to cut through  gas station lot to avoid damaging our vehicles.  Looks like y came out and patched 1 or 2   8-10 massive pot holes WTF  has been going on for 2 years now.



Entire stretch  road is filled wh pot holes
Massive pothole first reported two months ago!
Large area in  middle   intersection where sewer work was performed about 18 months ago.

POTHOLES,ON GENESEE FROM LINDA VISTA TO I-163, BOTH SIDES
Street has potholes and is crumbling.
Road is is buckling at number two lane intersection.
Pothole located on  west end   intersection  1st ave and Beech Street.  Pothole is on  crosswalk line.
Several pot holes, significant raveling on Gardena Ave. between Knoxville St. and Gardena Pl. need patching.
There is also anor couple small  ones whin 15 feet that could be filled while here.
Pothole in  left lane (on garnet)   turning lanes onto mission bay drive.
POTHOLE
Pothole at interesection, from exing on 8 west towards mission valley
at least seven potholes on  short yet heavily used neighborhood street.
Corner  ruffner and Claremont mesa
There is a pot hole, about 2 feet, in  intersection.
There is a large pot hole, about 1.5 feet wide and 6 in deep, in  left hand turn lane, heading east.
): Bad pothole on       right-most turn lane on Grand turning onto Mission Bay.
Many potholes on Rancho Carmel Drive between Ted Williams Parkway and Carmel Mountain Road. The whole road is ltered wh m, I have already gotten flat tires because  m.
Pothole
Pothole
Barnard Street in Point Loma/Ocean Beach, between Bob Street and Basilone Street (zip code 92110) is a mess  cracks, holes, and unevenness. Driving  makes my car shake and rattle, and re are near-misses when cars cross lanes, trying to navigate around problems.
Pot holes again at  intersection  Ruffin and Aero right turn lane.
Thank you for filling in some   potholes. But half  m are still here and need to be filled.
This is a more detailed request (I sent one on Sunday 4/23/17; tracking #: 00176495). Part   pavement in  EB lane on Friars Rd is sinking (approx. 300 ft west   intersection). The pothole has been patched a while back, but has now started to sink, causing  same problem as before. Thank you.
maybe y ran out  material because y fixed some   potholes but drove right past a bunch more.
I filled in half  pot holes but left  or half on fixed. They are continuing to grow larger and larger
several potholes 7600-7800 stalmer st
Pothole on left lane going east. Diameter  approximately 15 inches. And sunken about 4 inches. Many automobiles and myself avoid and swerve around  pothole everyday. Please look into .

street is shattered plus 3_4 potholes in front  house

street is shattered. 1 huge hole. 5 small holes. chunks  blacktop line  sidewalk
street is shattered. 1 huge hole. 3 small in middle  street.STREET HAS NOT BEEN PAVED IN 20 YEARS!!!!!
in middle  street 1 huge hole .3 small
 street is a disaster! 1 large hoole. 3 small in front  THIS house
Bring a whole truck to repair  street. 1 hole at  address
anor one here
one hole here. total  10 addresses on  street.
The driveway entrance from street has large potholes that are hindering  abily to pull in  drive way.  The potholes in  street near driveway entrance need to be repaired.
The 94 east / 15 north ramp is in need  immediate resurfacing.   The condion   ramp causes premature wear and tear on vehicles
There is a sunken area in front  14525 or 14500 Penasquos Drive on  roadway going eastbound. This is much deeper than a pothole.  is located on a one-lane road wh a bicycle lane and everyone goes into  bicycle lane to avoid bottoming out ir cars in  hole. Please have a road crew investigate ASAP. I notice more and more cars veering towards  curb.
Pothole big damaging car
The right turn lane for 3600 Ruffin Road at  intersection at Aero Drive has large potholes.
PER PD: SINKHOLE E/B ON FRIARS JUST WEST OF SANTO RD. SIZE OF 2 PASSENGER VEHICLES. PATROL UNIT EN ROUTE
Potholes
Needs repair ASAP ITS HAD TO HET INTO MY GARAGE WITH OUT RIPPING OFFMY BUMPER
Cyclist fell h his head due to unsafe bike lane condions. Please barricade  area f.
Pothole southbound Fairmount ave under bridge.





Across from Aladdin restaurant


Sinking asphalt repair in left turn lane on Friars and Santo Rd.

LARGE P/H CAUSED DAMAGE TO VEHILCE IN EB LANES
Pothole
On  newly paved road between Adelphi and Antioch 3 potholes in  middle   road
Several large pots holes on Stalmer between Linda Vista Rd. and Ashford St.
Second or Third time  long pot hole been fixed s long
Potholes
There is a giant dip in  road located eastbound Mission Gorge Rd, just west   northbound turn pocket to north Santo Rd caused by a failed patch. The road has sunk at least 5 inches and when you drive thru   will break suspension on car. DANGEROUS! Your contractor painted double yellow lines thru  hole! Fix  please before someone gets killed.
Hi. Thank you for all  your hard work in filling all  potholes around town. Here is anor pothole. s in front if  gas station at  1st entrance going west on clairemont mesa blvd from clairemont dr. So s on clairemont mesa blvd on yhe north west side at  driveway in  street next to  gutter. s asphalt so s in  street.  Thanks again
Alleyway is full  pot holes and difficult to drive.  Alleyway just east  fairmount between Dwight and Myrtle.
Deep pothole wh rubble in  middle  Rose Street in front  6245. Many similar potholes up and down  block between 63rd and College Ave.
Multiple deep potholes
Huge/deep/dangerous pothole
Pothole right lane
Bottom half  street needs resurfacing just like  upper half was done.  Bad condion!    Potholes on street and  ones currently in front  my home get patched and return ten.  Thank you!  PLEASE repair!
pothole in  intersection
3 potholes that need to be fixed
There are multiple potholes on Cadden Way from Eichenlaub Street to Paducah Drive. Please have m filled as soon as possible.
Please fix  pothole IMMEDIATELY.  has already ruined two  my front tires over a 3 year period. How has  not already been repaved?! THIS IS THE CITY OF LA JOLLA.
Pot hole in front   driveway.
Pot hole and crack
Pot hole and water leaking out  roadway
Multiple pot holes, entire home Ave needs to be repaved from  94 to fairmount.
POTHOLE IFO 7/11
1 foot square, 6" deep.
IN RIGHT LANE GOING EAST BOUND. POTHOLE
Numerous potholes from Foothill  to Camino Bayo on Cardeno!
Deep crags and cracks on Collier btwn 54th and Austin.
The alleyway between Hamilton Street and Oregon Street in North Park has a massive 10 x 8 foot pothole.  YESTERDAY MY MOTHER WHILE ATTEMPTING TO TAKE OUT THE GARBAGE TRIPPED AND FELL ONTO HER KNEES.  In addion  tenants at that location have informed us that  is dangerous to take out  garbage at night time because  said pothole.  The photo I am attaching herewh is about 6 months old and  condion has greatly worsened.
Across from island going east in #2 lane.
In left turn lane, wb Sorrento Valley bl
Pothole on train tracks
Pothole
Pothole in  eastbound #3 lane.
Needs to be filled and leveled
Needs to be filled in level
Pothole in  gutter in  southbound bike lane at 2750 Rosecrans St.
Needs to be filled and leveled

Pothole on train tracks
Needs to be filled and leveled
Many bad potholes on North Torrey Pines Road between La Jolla Scenic Drive North and Salk Instute Road.  Too many to count on both sides  N. Torrey Pines Rd--  stretch  road is really disgraceful and becoming dangerous as drivers try to avoid some   worst potholes.

Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole at T intersection  Rl comal drive and amaro drive
Street patch job needs to be repatched.   is not sewer related.
Pothole
Porholes exing drive way out  home depot over 6 potholes
There are multiple potholes in  alley way between Mission Blvd. and El Carmel Place.  Please have m filled as soon as possible.
There is a pothole on Mission Blvd. going southbound right under  whe striping. Please have filled as soon as possible. Thanks.
Large dip and potholes in  lane closest to  double yellow line going north on 54th across from  54th st/54th pl bus stop.  Previous patching was ineffective and missed  large dip that causes  most vehicle damage.
Extremely bumpy, rough surface wh potholes.  Located where Broadway curves south toward  94W entrance.  Please pave  block.
Large pot hole on south Morena under Westbound I-8 overpass.
Axel breaking divots in road, uneven pavement.
Three potholes appeared after recent underground repairs
Potholes
giant pothole!!!! messed up my car
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
5 Pot holes located in alley near cars.
series  potholes
Pothole!
Terrible road!
Pothole
In  crosswalk, unsafe for pedestrians
Pothole
The street has potholes, deep cracks, missing pavement, on both north and south   street.  Road needs to be patched asap since  is unsafe.   4201-4209 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109, USA to   4635 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109, USA
North and south directions on both side   street.  Road needs to be patched, missing pavement, two inch cracks, uneven pavement missing pavment, poor uneven patching, potholes.   Area: 4700-4724 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109, USA to San Diego Fwy & El Camino Real & I-5, San Diego, CA 92109, USA
Patching needs to be done from 5585 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117, USA to 5401-5405 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117, USA
Blvd needs patching in both directions east and west, heavy traffic.  HAs open 1 ich cracks running east and west, potholes, uneven pavement, potholes, missing pavement.  Area from 6745-6979 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111, USA to 8539 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111, USA
Two potholes
Convoy street in both directions north and south needs patching, to patch  many  potholes, missing pavement, 2 inch cracks, uneven pavement, missing pavement, uneven manhole covers, area from 7981-7991 Ostrow St, San Diego, CA 92111, USA to Mt Soledad Fwy & Convoy St & CA-52, San Diego, CA 92111, USA.   52 running east and west, has severe dips in  road, due to landfill running from 163 to 805 please coordinate wh state to repair  dips in  orad and  road needs to be widen due to heavy traffic for  morning and rushhour.
2375 Yama St, San Diego, CA 92113, USA to 2375 Yama St, San Diego, CA 92113, USA has many potholes, uneven pavement, needs to be patched north and south direction up to  Naval Bas boundary.
Two giant and deep potholes in eastbound lane  Stalmer St between Angelucci and Linda Vista Rd
Balboa street in both directions east and west needs resurfacing,  street is developing cracks, potholes, uneven pavement, missing pavement and has heavy daily traffic location from:  9343-9399 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92123, USA to 4099 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92117, USA
Potholes
Pothole
Giant pothole at corner  N Mountain View Dr and Arthur Ave.
Pothole and faded stripes along 54th place
Pothole
About 1/8 mile needs to be fix, pic shows one pot hole but  road is full  m.
Small but deep pothole. is located where  right wheels   car travel when making a right turn.While I was making  report, several cars made a right turn and re is a loud sound when  cars go over  pothole, even though  looks small -  is deep and is ruining peoples springs, shocks and ir tires.
Deep pothole cross Street Aero dr
Pothole
Very deep pothole


Pothole

Pothole
Numerous large potholes in  intersection.  5 reports in 6 months at  location.
Numerous cracks and pavement erosion on street.
Serious potholes at  corner  Cliffridge Ave and Nottingham. A lot  children have to ride over m on ir way to Torrey Pines Elementary School.
Pot hole in right lane heading toward Camino del Norte
Two pot holes  next to each or. One on  center line looks like  beginnings  a sinkhole. The or 3.5ftx3.5ftx4" .  Diffcult to miss and not h head on traffic.
2ftx2ft x 3"pothole
three smaller potholes in intersection.
And Ranchview
Uneven roads and potholes and crack.
Hole in  middle   street, near  speed bump
Part   pot whole is under  doggie pop station. There is a sizeable whole in  front   complex, Regents La Jolla Condos.
Catalina & Pt Loma Ave, also a hazard to pedestrians
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
PER SDPD HAZARDOUS POTHOLE
Pothole in left turn lane please fix
Extremely big pothole @ 3926

Pothole in right lane going west before Great Meadow.
Potholes located in front  6051 Brandeis Court, 6059 Brandeis Court, 6067 Brandeis Court, 6075 Brandeis Court and on  side  6038 Brandeis Court
Giant pot hole on Eleventh Ave in right lane as you drive west down J St just past cross walk.
Big gulch next to curb; pic at  south end   block but continues almost all  way to  north end.
2ft. wide by 6" deep pothole on Stalmer Street between Angelucci and Convoy (Linda Vista Rd.)
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
There is a long trench from previous roadwork which was NEVER correctly filled in wh asphalt - for  entire trench.The location   problem is at  cross streets   First Avenue and Brooks Avenue.So  long trench creates a problem for all cars, people in wheelchairs, bicycles, people walking, skateboarders and etc..

Multiple potholes along southbound Kearny Mesa Rd.
Multiple potholes along southbound Kearny Mesa Rd.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions.
 is actually a sinkhole, in  middle   #2 lane on  eastbound side, right before you get to  lim line at  stoplight.  is about six inches in diameter, and is starting to cave in more as  street surface around  hole is depressed.
Potholes have stopped business? clientele from using alley.  Whole alley needs to be repaved.  Mostly dirt.
Apparently a surveyor plate is missing here ?   Leaving a deep hole.
Several long and deep fissures and potholes "whin"  painted crosswalk. An elderly woman took a nasty fall and cut her knees and face. Again  problem is whin  actual crosswalk. North side  crosswalk .
Pothole
Cars are now scraping bottom when y h  pothole (see photo) (Third report) This street was worked on last year and  pothole (sinkhole) is just getting worse.  These workers even left behind a construction dirt mess (20) feet away.
Please repair ALL The potholes along Rose St. Street is in terrible condion.
Please repair ALL  potholes along Rose St. Street is in terrible condion.
Please repair ALL The potholes along Rose St. Street is in terrible condion.
Going eastbound, from Fairmount Ave all  way to Collwood Blvd. There are potholes on both lanes. All over several feet apart from each or. There are Potholes closer to  "pylons" as you get closer to Collwood Blvd. Please consider repairing  street. Crew needs to look for several potholes here. Thank you
Going westbound on  RIGHT lane, near  Four Points Sheraton Hotel. Please repair a BIG potholes re. Thank you
Going Eastbound on Aero Dr, please repair a pothole on  RIGHT lane near  San Diego Communy College District Office. Along Aero Dr. Thank you.
Pt Loma Ave, left turn lane onto Catalina
POTHOLE CAUSED FLAT TIRE ON LA JOLLA SHORES AT RUETTE  MONTE CARLO.
two large potholes near each or causing traffic to swerve across center line.
Southbound 10288 Parkdale Avenue, near  sidewalk.
NW corner near  STOP sign.

Pothole on southbound Santo Road.
Potholes

3rd request;   2 deep potholes;  east bound on stalmer.
How do you patch that, and not THIS - two feet away?
Pothole in west bound lane
Alley
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole

Huge pothole in center southbound lane
Mt. Everest Blvd. from Mt. Ashmun to Mt Everest Ct. is ltered wh dangerous potholes. Cars swerve to avoid m, jeopardizing children and oncoming traffic, despe  fact that crews have fixed a couple   many, large potholes in  location. Why y left so many unfilled is a mystery to  neighborhood...Please remedy, and thanks for  job you do.
Acworth Ave. from Mt. Acadia to Mt. Ararat, is ltered wh large potholes. re is an important neighborhood mall and child care center re, and  road deserves better condions for neighborhood patrons. Please consider repairing, and thanks for all you do.
Right lane
POTHOLES.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE JUST NORTH OF ADDRESS
Qualcomm Way between Friars Road and I-8 has been severely damaged by heavy construction vehicles due to a major construction se north  Friars Road.  If nothing else,  companies causing such damage should be required to immediately fix  damage y have caused by a total resurfacing.
Multiple potholes wh some being very deep
Large pothole in concrete surrounding storm drain cover.  Entire intersection is full  cracks in concrete.
in  eastbound left turn lane  Point Loma Ave at  signal at Catalina Blvd, a pothole has grown que large around  circular cut out for  wire that senses a car's presence to turn  light.  The wire that should be buried under  pavement is exposed
Pothole on #1 northbound lane on Carmel Country Rd. South  State Route 56.
Pothole by  bus stop on  west side  Black Mountain Rd, 50 ft north  Activy Rd. Reports  riders being splashed while y wa for  bus by water collected in  pothole. Pothole very near gutter/sidewalk area and bench.
Hello,I live On Calle Mar De Armonia San Diego 92130.Our Street was in pretty good condion wh some minor cracks, but nothing major. The Streets were Slurry Sealed about April 18. The road signs said  streets would be reopened at 5:00 P.M.  day  work was to be performed.Well  signs were taken f  streets at 3:00 P.M. and  sealant was obviously still wet. Cars coming home put numerous gouges in  wet Sealant from just normal stopping andTurning into ir driveways.To make matters worse,  sealant on our street has not cured correctly as  has on or streets. As even today, I noticed several new gouges in our street from tires and if I stand on The raised portions,  gouges flatten out as y again, have not cured correctly.  Cars continue to  day damaging  uncured slurry seal by just backing out  ir driveways and stopping.Our street look like a mess now.Is  going to be corrected?Dave Tipton
Deep pothole in  right northbound lane  Regents Road,  just outside  north driveway   Regents La Jolla complex
There is a large pothole on  westbound lanes right at  light by  15 fwy on  west side.   Also,  might be at  light for Murphy Canyon Rd., I can't exactly remember.  They are both whin 150 ft.  each or.
Pothole
Deep square pothole at corner  Moraga Avenue and Idlewild Way.
Pothole Euclid at Landis
POTHOLES
Several large potholes on northbound Kearny Mesa Road adjacent to  In N Out hamburger restaurant parking lot.
WB Poway Rd between springbrook and saber springs pkwy... left side fer left lane
ASPHALT FILLED UNEVEN. CHILD TRIPPED AND FELL. ACCESS THROUGH ALLEY (MABEL BELL LN).
 edge  street next to driveway at 2335 Paseo Dorado, re are several potholes and missing asphalt.  Road was resurfaced a few years ago, and edge  roadway has deteriorated, causing cars to scrape rear bumper each time y leave driveway!
Entire 3400 block  Keats St. is in very bad condion, long neglected. Potholes, damaged curbs & gutter, large patches  damaged surface. I live at 1656 Plum St., corner  Plum & Keats, my home faces on Keats St. Can send images if necessary. Thanks in advance for tending to  condion! Ronald Wakefield, ronwake1@cox.net
Long trench dug in  road but never filled. This makes  difficult for people in wheelchairs, using skateboards and rollerblades, people walking and  damages bicycles and cars.This trench could easily make somebody trip and break ir teeth and/or bones.
Left most north bound lane
Pothole
North bound lane pothole
Huge dangerous pothole.  Hs Axle's  cars!!  Very dangerous.
Still not fixed.  Second report. Large pothole at edge  street.

This pothole has been here for over three weeks and I have h  pothole twice and now I need a wheel alignment.  The pothole is located on Genesee Ave near Governor Drive going North.  My email address is jerryjfowler@gmail.com and my phone number 619-278-8886.Regards.Jerry
can someone Please repave our crumbling street!
Wheel size pothole driving south on  left lane. Between Sky Park Ct and Ridehaven Ct.
Going westbound downhill just before  traffic signal on Yierba Santa. Pothole on  right lane. Please repair thanks
Large pothole increasing in size daily due to car and bus traffic.
On  northbound lane at intersection  Torrey Pines Rd and La Jolla Village Drive, a large pothole just under  traffic light.
Camino Avola and Via Capri intersection on  northbound Via Capri lane ( 50 feet south  Acola) is a pothole
There is a large pothole and two smaller ones on  north side  Universy Av, approximately 115ft east  68th St. The pothole is making  difficult for buses to serve  bus stop (#11435). Please see attached photos for details. Thanks.
Big pothole opened up days after previous ones were covered up.
Street is in major disrepair!
Massive pothole that is likely causing damage to every car that goes over . North bound Genessee Ave just before Governor. Extremely deep! My car alignment is now f. I believe  is in  left lane.
Pothole on street and partial curb. Submted earlier case number 00177323 but was never fixed. Street next door was done instead.
Pothole reappeared at 11th and J northwest corner
Whole street is bad
Big pothole & road debris.
Pot hole  west bound
Potholes in intersection  Raejean and Greyling and north bound lane  Raejean Ave to Murray Ridge Rd
large pothole in front  address
Bernardo center Dr by Arco Station just north  Rancho Bernardo Rd
Pothole 9034 Woodlawn Drive
Huge pothole
Potholes mainly in  middle lane stretching  length  Ted Williams.
Bump needs fixing
Pothole is on Knoxville Street at  corner  Ltlefield Street
The entire street from  West Bernardo Drive intersection to  west is a mess.  Aguamiel was devastated by  2007 wildfires.  Almost every home was rebuilt by 2009, but construction vehicles took ir toll!



There is a deep pot hole in  middle   street.
POTHOLES
Sinkhole developing again on Princess View Dr near Laura Ct.
3 large potholes. If you're on El Cajon Blvd and you turn on on Art street towards Re Aid, you will see m. They're huge and y damaged my car. The lots holes are on Art street in between re aid and  plaza wh  pawn shop.
Pothole
Various potholed
Sinkhole
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
A very deep and wide pothole exists on La Jolla Shores Drive, south  Poole Street.   is dangerous and resulted in significant damage to both tires on  passenger side  my sedan.
Various potholes
Various potholes and uneven pavement
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Various potholes
Going eastbound next to  Public Library deep hole on  right lane
THIS ENTIRE STREET IS AN EMBARRASSMENT. There are craters and potholes all over in both directions on  entire stretch   street.
Pot hole in left turning lane from Point Loma Avenue to Catalina Blvd
Several large potholes at corner  Chamoune and Polk Ave.
DEEP LARGE POTHOLE NORTHBOUND GENESEE
TWO LARGE POTHOLE RIGHT IN FRONT OF BANK OF AMERICA
I am reporting a sinking pothole on SW corner  Trojan Ave & Estrella St
There are several potholes on Mt. Henry Ave that need to be filled.
POTHOLE (N/B) JUST NORTH OF SOLOLA

Potholes near 4928 Mission Blvd going south.Damages cars and cyclists.
The entire Robinson Ave. is uneven specially  dead end section that is marked on  map.
Potholes near 5360 La Jolla Blvd going south.  Damages cars and cyclists.
Bike Hazard for Barrio Logan Grand Prix Saturday May 6
Bike Hazard for Barrio Logan Grand Prix Saturday May 6
The cul-de-sac has multiple large cracks running across  street.  The cracks have grown over  years and are now more than 3 inches wide.  The street is in need  repair.
Bike Hazard for Barrio Logan Grand Prix Saturday May 6
Bike Hazard for Barrio Logan Grand Prix Saturday May 6
Bike Hazard for Barrio Logan Grand Prix Saturday May 6
Large pothole getting bigger
Middle Lane after getting f on  from  5 North
Large pothole - two actually -  in left turn lane (turning from Roselle Street onto I-5S), caused irreparable tire damage.
Pothole cracked streets
Pothole
One new pothole just appeared at west portion   intersection  Guizot and Del Mar Ave. Ocean Beach. Thanks for filling  one in  middle  same intersection.
Multiple and deep pot holes along 24th st.

POTHOLE 100' FROM INTERSECTION SOUTH OF GOVERNOR NORTH BOUND ON GENESEE IN THE NUMBER 1 LANE.
Potholes in intersection as you turn to get on freeweay
Traveling on Carmel Mountain Rd E, turning right onto Vista Sorrento Pkwy. Pothole where pedestrians would cross Vista Sorrento Pkwy.
Going North on Pomerado Road, Pothole in  # 1 lane.
There is a large hole at  intersection.
Pothole in center  street
Three large potholes in  left hand turn lane to get into I-5
Potholes and cracks along  street reported several times. When will you fix?
Large pothole in northbound lanes
Large pothole in left northbound lane approximately 500-700 feet from Governor Drive intersection.
Deep pothole at SW corner; very hard to avoid whout veering into oncoming traffic. 's been re for weeks.
Pothole.   Previously reported,  report closed whout repairing  issue.
Pothole, road crumbling
Bus stop area and entrance to Genesee Ct East
West side   intersection, center.
The Whole Genesee Ct s full ohHoles like  picture
SEVERAL LARGE POTHOLES, KIDS JUMP THEM WITH THEIR BIKE
In left lane northbound
Pot holes at 
Multiple pot holes located at 4100 Chamoune Avenue
The whole block  Santo Road on  west side heading south from Clairemont Mesa to  stoplight to turn in at Serra High School is now pted wh potholes since  rainy season.  There are at least three that are potential tire killers and several   prior patches have now come loose and disappeared.  H two  morning and was very worried I had popped a tire.
POTHOLES, UP & DOWN IMPERIAL TO 45TH
Genesee avenue between 163 and linda vista road has several deep holes on both sides   road causing damage to wheels and tires.
Large pothole
Potholes and damage from utily trucks
scripps poway parkway between scripps highland road and pomorado road has lots  potholes and deep groves on  road causing  car to lose control and forcing lane change when  wheels fall into te grove.
All  San Pasqual Rd from 78 to Bear Valley Pkwy has multiple potholes. Very high risk for car damage. Also main road to SD Safari Park...how is that viewed by tourist??? Embarrassing!  I am not sure if  is a SD County or Escondido issue. But again, how much tourism does  Safari Park generate and to let  streets deteriorate like  is shameful
3 ft by 3ft 6 inches deep on corner  pt. Loma ave and Catalina Blvd.  Left turn lane heading east bound 4100 block Catalina Blvd.
Bad potholes and uneven streets at corner  30th and C St
Morena Blvd After Balboa Ave going north in  far right lane.
Resubmting number 00169492. "The information provided did not allow  Cy to locate  problem" is not a valid excuse for addressing  issue. Address and photos provided clearly show location  issue. There are several longudinal gaps in  bike lane on Miramar road where  road at  railroad crossing. These longudinal gaps are extremely dangerous for cyclists as ir wheels can be caught in se.  Do not close  issue again until  gaps are repaired.
Silverton Avenue is a high traffic side street in  Miramar area to get to  back road to Trade Place.  The cy trans buses train drivers on  street on a weekly basis.  Several   business owners have received flat tires due to  massive potholes.   I have even wnessed pedestrians falling due to  potholes while crossing  street.
Multiple potholes. Multiple very large and deep potholes on  in bound lane and outbound lane to Dusty Rhodes Park. On  north side by  large dog park area
There is a deep pothole on  right side   lane on Universy Ave., very near  stoplight at  corner  Universy and Goldfinch. A car could easily get a flat tire if y h  pothole.
Multiple potholes, multiple very large and deep pothles, on  inbound and outbound roads to  parking lot  dusty Rhodes park. Northside by  dog park
Pothole in front  10497 El comal drive
Two potholes northbound past parkside
Balboa East just passed Mercury,
The street in front  428 West Kalmia street is heavily eroded wh large potholes leading into  driveway   residence at  address. These potholes are making  hard for vechicles to access  driveway and causing flat tires and damage and scrapping to cars.
The downhill portion south  Correia Middle School is a combo  concrete and asphalt and  is severely pted/rough on both sides   street and needs to be repaired.
Pot hole
2 LONG POTHOLES
11300 Block  Vista Sorrento Parkway
11300 Block  Vista Sorrento Parkway
Potholes in whole block
LARGE POTHOLE AS YOU APPROACH GENESEE
Potholes both directions
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Large annoying pothole
Large pothole
Various potholes
Manhole sticking up
Sinkhole
re is a major pothole here. Very hard to park here when ir is a pothole.  parking space   parking in front   Ballpark place apartments.  is located behind  commercial parking space is . NEEDS FIXING ASAP!!
Various potholes
Manhole sticking up
Pothole
Large pot hole
San Pasqual Rd. from  Orfila Winery to rt.78 is in bad condion . Contacting  Escondido Dept.  Tranportation adviced us that  responsibily is wh  Cy Of San Diego. Whoever is in charge ,get  fixed . A lot  traffic drives down that road,also a lot  tourists traffic to  Safary Park.
Huge pothole on  corner  J and 11th. About 3 ft in diameter.
Gigantic potholes on right lane  Ruffin near bike lane.
Various potholes
Deep pothole at  corner  Goldfinch and Universy, @ SW corner.
Wheel rut pavement failure is a danger to bikes/motorcycles. Many small potholes forming in Wb #2 lane east and west  Bahia hotel. Bad look for tourist season.
Beginning  a sink hole on Carmel valley Rd East, just west  I-5
LARGE POTHOLE RIGHT AFTER MAKING TURN ON INTERSECTION
Large Pothole increasing in size by roughly 2-3 inches per day.  Posing a hazard to both motorists and pedestrians.
POTHOLE
Potholes on Fiesta Island north   Fiesta Island Youth Camp and Youth Aquatic Center sign.  Damage to cars and cyclists.
Pothole in front  5521 on La Jolla Blvd, Bird Rock going north.Damage to cars and cyclists.
Potholes located in front  5575 La Jolla Blvd, Bird Rock going north.  Damages cars, buses and cyclists.
Pothole in right hand lane before intersectio.
There are several bad potholes that need to be filled at  very beginning   on ramp   5 South at Roselle Street in Sorrento Valley
Large pothole at 11th Ave. and J St., large enough to damage underside  vehicle
huge fing hole
Intersection  Marlborough Dr & Norfolk Terrace, Kensington 92116 -  appears  asphalt is sinking in  immediate area sorounding  manhole cover that is located directly in  center   intersection  Marlborough Dr & Norfolk Terrace.  Some asphalt has significantly dropped lower than  sorounding street level.  The sunken area extends a few feet out from  manhole cover.

Big crater on Genessee heading north, close to Governor cross street
Huge pothole on Fairmount South, under  I-8 overpass.
Potholes in  street here please repair
I stepped f  curb to  street, but fell into a large hole immediately adjacent  curb in front  3926 30th St, San Diego, CA 92104.Twisted ankle, bruised elbow, h head on bicycle parked at  rack, which by  way, obstructs free passage on  sidewalk. (I know that probably a different department) Picture from google maps show location. I didn't think to take pictures at  time, I had all I could do to get myself up f  ground,
huge hole and oarta if damaged cars
Multiple potholes and deterioration and broken pavement
There is a pothole in front  my house. In addion to   curb in front  our driveway is impossible for my son and his wheelchair to go over because  is elevated by branch. My son has to go through our neighbor's driveway just to get to our house. We live on a very busy street (Conrad Avenue) where 's possible for my son to get h by a car in order for him to go to anor neighbor's driveway/curb just to get to our house. The safety  any wheelchair or disabled person in  area is not a concern, because if  was,  issue would've been resolved so that handicapped people could get to ir homes safely. I called before several times to get  issue resolved. And so far no one has  bored to come and fix . When I called to check  status   pothole and curb, y told me y had fixed . Which isn't true because if you come to my house  still looks  same out in  front   sidewalk and  street.
Huge pothole in E bound lanes  Balboa past intersection  Mercury & Balboa
Pothole on left side  left lane going uphill (northbound) on Genesee
in  lane heading south re is a pot hole
Sinking hole in middle  Peasquos  Dr in front  14550 address.   was marked several weeks ago but has not been addressed and road continues to sink re.  Concerned re could be a sinkhole or something else undermining  street. This is a traffic hazzard as cars are swerving to avoid or bouncing through  problem spot.
Large pothole in Memorial Pool parking lot
POTHOLE (N/B GENESEE, JUST SOUTH OF GOVERNOR)
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE resurface  last two blocks  Sunset Cliffs south  Hill Street. The rest   street now looks beautiful wh  new surface, but that last section is full  cracks. 's one   top tourist spots in San Diego for sunset viewing, and  street surface is dangerous and terrible. Your crews are already out here doing amazing work. PLEASE finish  rest  Sunset Cliffs while you're here. The homeowners would be SO grateful.

Various potholes
This section  Sunset Cliffs desperately needs to be resurfaced. The rest   street now looks great, but  road crews seem to be stopping. Please don't!! We have so many people on  section   street in  summer months to surf or watch  views, and  street is full  cracks. We pay so much in taxes here. Please finish  rest   street. You will have many very disappointed homeowners here if you stop and don't finish  rest. Thank you!!!!
Pothole
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes and uneven pavement
Road is sinking. Northbound right hand lane just before Twain Ave.
Intersection  Afton Rd and Aero Dr. Sunken section   street in  MIDDLE  thre intersection were  signal is

North bound E. Mission Bay Dr. turning right onto West bound Garnet Ave.Pot hole located at  apex   right turn.
The potholes in our alley have become worse and worse. The surface is unsafe to walk at night given all   uneven surfaces. 's  only alley in  area that hasn't been brought up to standard.  certainly is outside  safety code and  fact that 's cy property mean  cy could be liable.
Pothole at stop line in intersection
Numerous giant potholes in North bound lanes near  address
Pothole in far left lane heading north. Has gotten bigger  past week.
Pothole not fixed properly!
Pothole
Very large pothole in  number one lane  Northbound Genesee
#1 lane heading north
Long term broken and sunken section  concrete in street, about 2' diameter, that is in middle  sloped road that is define driving hazard.
Pothole where ramp from 163 south connects to cy street heading right and back over U to Washington east.
Huge pothole that somehow I manage to h everyday.
Huge pot hole
Pothole near middle  lanes going towards 163N
Large pot hole on south side  Fairmont under 8 freeway.  Directly in middle  west & east bound 8 freeway, BUT ON FAIRMONT BELOW... thx
A couple  Potholes right before  first stop sign
4 potholes in  area
Severe asphalt erosion virtual pothole at SE corner  intersection  Poinsettia Dr and Leland St. Also concrete is totally damaged and needs new concrete or asphalt overlay. Area is damaging tires, etc badly.
Dozens  potholes from bridge to  souast to Gleason Rd all SE and NW lanes in both directions. New ones keep popping up daily. Road needs new asphalt overlay but at least fill in  potholes which are causing a safety hazard and damaging my tires. Thanks . Multiple previous requests.
Large pothole in center  lane. Offramp from I-5 to Pershing Rd. Hole is where direction arrow is painted.
Going north on Boulder Lake directly in front  house wh address 6337 Boulder Lake Ave..cross street Lake Ashwood re is a suspension jarring pothole. Furr up in  same direction at  intersection  Boulder Lake and Lake Ashwood re is anor car jarring pothole. And still furr up Boulder Lake going North@ Lake Artemus on Boulder Lake at 6380 address re are two more jarring potholes
Massive potholes on SE corner  Garnet at Ingram in front  radio shack. Wheelchairs cannot get from street to sidewalk whout duress. Very dangerous, reported 42 days ago, still no repair.
8 inch deep pothole.
Multiple potholes, during left turn onto i-5 south
Much erosion  black top near cement at  intersection.
Deepening depression
Fairmount ave going southbound at  Traffic Signal   8 freeway ex. There is a Pothole on  right lane. 's  ex traffic signal for Fairmount north
BAD pothole in left lane on Southbound Ruffin Road.between Sky Park Ct. and RidgehavenGets me every time....
Very deep hole left as a result  a broken plate.  Plate installed after recent street resurfacing.  Terrible solution. Road hazard and safety hazard.
terrible road debris and potholes. damaged car twice already. Please fix!
Potholes at intersection  Cactus Road and Siempre viva Road.
Southbound Brannia Blvd at  intersection  Airway Road, re are potholes.
Very deep pothole eastbound Miramar Road in  #1 lane a few hundred feet east   Nobel intersection.
Large section  cy street is completely broken f , hazard to drive over .
Carmel Mountain Road has a huge/deep pothole in  road close to Taco Bell, east side  Freeway 15.
 Carmel Mountain Road and Conference Way (intersection light), re are huge potholes and  road is a mess.   needs to be smood out after  holes are filled.  There are many potholes on Carmel Mountain Road which need attention.Thank you!
Paseo Lucido needs to be repaved between Camino Del Norte and Bernardo Heights Parkway.
Huge potholes on  double yellow turn from Plum street to Lowell street
Dang !!!! I h anor LARGE pothole on Hillery and need an wheel alignment! When will you guys do your DAMN jobs and fix that street??????
 is in  middle   intersection  Mira Mesa Boulevard and Camino Ruiz.  is in  Norast quadrant and right in  normal path  vehicle wheels when travelling west and north.
This pothole one is on Capricorn just to  east   intersection wh Polaris.  is about 15 feet east  Polaris exactly where  passenger side wheel travels when going eastbound.
Pot hole
Pot hole
Huge pothole in st
Potholes
Pothole
The state  Home Ave  from Universy all  way down to  94 is complete shameful. I drive miles out  my way to avoid  road and  damage  slowly inflicts on my car. Why are  streets in surrounding areas better maintained? A socioeconomic reason perhaps? Fix Home Ave, please.
There is a pothole/manhole that has become unfilled.  Whenever people drive over ,  creates a loud sound and disturbs  residents.  Please have  filled as soon as possible.
In cross walk missing brick trip hazard 5 th and B southwest side near 401 B near Wells Fargo building
POTHOLE TURNING W/B ONTO BLUFFSIDE
6-8inch deep/sharp pothole on crosswalk NE corner (11th & J)
several potholes on clairemont mesa bl between doliva and shawline
Many potholes between Mound and Eldridge on Barclay
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT ALLEY
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Pothole
Various potholes
Various potholes
Pothole
Various potholes
Various potholes
POTHOLE
POTHOLES
Rusted out access cover
On right turn from eastbound Tierrasanta Blvd to southbound Tambor Rd...growing by  day
50 potholes on Balboa Dr
Sinkholes. Again.
2nd report   pothole ~ in turn from E.B. Tierrasanta Blvd. to S.B Tambor ~ to avoid must go into opposing traffic lane ~ orwise hting pothole while turning will damage front end alignment.
Pothole
Pot holes
There are multiple potholes on Fanuel St. between Grand Avenue and Pacific Beach Drive.  Please have m filled.  Thank you.
There are multiple potholes on La Playa Avenue between Riviera and Ingraham.  Please have m filled. Thank you.
There are multiple potholes on Fortuna Avenue between Riviera Drive and Ingraham Street.  Please have m filled.  Thank you.
W/B POTHOLE VEHICLE BOTTOMED OUT
SEVERAL POTHOLES ON S. 28TH ST AT NATIONAL AVE
20ft from signal, on west bound side
numerous large Asphalt potholes 5550 Balboa Arms Drive  North West bound lane
large Asphalt pothole 1050 Thomas Ave Westbound lane
large Asphalt pothole 2100 Balboa Avenue East Bound South lane just past Olney Street
Northbound east side by bus stop
Camino Coralino has pot hole in  middle  street.  Please fixed  as soon as possible.  Stonehaven resident.thank you!
Entire Torrey Pines road is a mess
Signifant dip and Uneven surface which results wh cars bottoming out.
Pothole at intersection!

Please see report #00098440 which is noted as closed even though street is still in terrible shape....numerous potholes,  large areas down to gravel, large cracks.  Dangerous to childrens.  This is my 4th report regarding same section  street (cul de sac) and though a couple  potholes have been filled  proble has not been resolved.
Going south on Pershing just before 50 mph sign and after curve
Pothole

two deep potholes in right lane eastbound Navajoone mid-way between waring and park ridge, or just before park ridgeI have already replaced two tires due se numerous pot holes
South side  intersection, huge pothole
Multiple potholes on westbound Camino Del Norte between Bernardo Center Drive and Camino San Bernardo
Cracked street
Big hole about 3 inches deep
Potholes in  900 and 1000 block  Broadway.
Pattern  cracks turning into pothole, uphill lane, right side.
Deepening depression in left lane, southbound.
Pothole in middle  intersection, westbound.
West bound lane where asphalt and concrete roadway meets, crest  hill


Eastbound, left lane. Giant dip in road, dangerous
Large pot hole in  middle   street at  intersection  67th and el cajon blvd. Very hard to miss while turning left from 67th onto el cajon blvd.


Right turn lane

Also faded striping
Right side, near curb
Big hole
Pothole
Giant pothole
Huge potholes on both sides   road on  hill  stalmer street.  Whole street needs to be repaved,  is causing damage to cars.
Uneven pavement causing dip causing suspension damage. Eastbound left lane.
On Friday, as I was driving to  Kaiser clinic on Clairemont Mesa Boulevard, I unexpectedly h a pothole that tore a 3-inch gash in  tire  my Mercedes Benz, resulting in a tow and tire replacement that cost over $400.  Eir fix se potholes or mark m so we can avoid m!  Where do I send  bill for my repair??????? ?
Two potholes in  area

2 Deep potholes in right lane
Pothole
series  potholes at/near  location....thank you...
As cars are exing  5 Overpass through  C Street tunnel, re is a large pothole just after  stop sign that cars continuing on C Street invariable run into.... Have done  myself more than once although now I usually remember to skirt .
BAD POTHOLE 100' SOUTH OF INTERSECTION.
Sunken in backfill wh lip that damaged wheel alignment.
Deep pothole
The road qualy between 30th and Howard  up until Illinois and Howard has aged extremely and is damaged. The structure   road contains numerous potholes, cracks that does not only create unpleasant damages to cars, but also creates a great safety hazard to  public. Please fix  issue in  soonest manner as possible.

Please repave Gold Coast Drive between San Ramon and Westonhill. There are so many large cracks and potholes that repairing a specific pothole is like patching holes in a leaky damn.
Various potholes
In  both lanes, re is about a 80 foot x 80 foot section  road that is extremely uneven wh ripples, cracks, dips, and bubbles in  asphalt.  The section needs to be smooned and even wh  rest   road. This section  road is very unsafe because  makes  vehicle shake up and down from side to side.  Appreciate any assistance that you can do to make  road safer.  Thanks.
Massive hole
There are 2 large potholes on  3500 block  Garrison St. 92106
Huge pot hole in  arrow sign as you merge onto Pershing from  5 south.
2 large potholes next to curb
Square pothole left by  contracted workers working under  street.   crossroads  Idlewild and Moraga.
Pothole in front  5713 La Jolla Blvd in Bird Rock going north.  Damage to cars and cyclists.
Located near 5621 La Jolla Blvd going north.  Damages cars and cyclists.
Multiple potholes
Multiple potholes between Ashford and Linda Vista road
Driving home from work and h a raised pothole in  road that sliced through  sidewall  my tire causing a flat. Would like to subm a claim in  amount  $164.43 to replace my tire. Receipt attached.
Potholes-intersection
All up and down Madrone Ave  road is completely filled wh potholes. I'm nervous because I live on  street and everytime I drive re seems to be more and more. Especially when  rain kicks in. Please fix  problem, i don't want my car messing up because  .
The entire street is ltered wh deep potholes.  Almost impossible to avoid.  I now detour and take different route to get to my home
Large potholes on both sides  street at Balboa Ave
Intersection  Plum St and Lowell St and Lowell St eastward is full  potholes and street is very uneven causing major jarring  autos when driving toward Rosecrans.
This is a large pot hole in  left-hand lane or Mission Gorge Road changes into Fairmont Avenue.  is under  overpass. Very hard to see. Has been re for over a month. We have h  several times and can't believe  is still re.
Damaged and crack street wh several pot holes and sidewalk trip hazards in many locations
Pothole
3' X 8" X 3" north bound, right lane
Since  2016-17 rainy season began, a pothole has been forming in  alley behind my house, making  almost impossible to enter my garage f   alley. The asphalt repair that was done years ago is cracking and being lifted up by  heaving concrete underneath. Just today, three youths were throwing  asphalt and concrete chunks  into  standing water in  alley and even damaged my neighbor's garage directly across from  alley when y threw a large piece  asphalt at . This needs immediate attention.
Since  2016-17 rainy season began, a pothole has been forming in  alley behind my house, making  almost impossible to enter my garage f   alley. The asphalt repair that was done years ago is cracking and being lifted up by  heaving concrete underneath. Just today, three youths were throwing  asphalt and concrete chunks  into  standing water in  alley and even damaged my neighbor's garage directly across from  alley when y threw a large piece  asphalt at . This needs immediate attention.
Located in alley directly behind said address just right in front  parking space on alley side.
Since  beginning   2016-17 rainy season, a pothole has been forming in  alley behind my house, making  almost impossible to enter my garage from  alley. The asphalt repair from several years ago is cracking  from  heaving concrete underneath. And to make matters worse, just today some youths were seen throwing  asphalt chunks into  standing water in  alley and even damaged my neighbor's garage door when a chunk was thrown at . This end   alley has two large low spots from  crumbling concrete that hold a lot  standing water from rains. You can see  standing water in  attached pictures. This most likely is  cause   concrete caving in. This needs immediate attention.
Since  beginning   2016-17 rainy season, a pothole has been forming in  alley behind my house, making  almost impossible to enter my garage from  alley. The asphalt repair from several years ago is cracking  from  heaving concrete underneath. And to make matters worse, just today some youths were seen throwing  asphalt chunks into  standing water in  alley and even damaged my neighbor's garage door when a chunk was thrown at . This end   alley has two large low spots from  crumbling concrete that hold a lot  standing water from rains. You can see  standing water in  attached pictures. This most likely is  cause   concrete caving in. This needs immediate attention.
Since  beginning   2016-17 rainy season, a pothole has been forming in  alley behind my house, making  almost impossible to enter my garage from  alley. The asphalt repair from several years ago is cracking  from  heaving concrete underneath. And to make matters worse, just today some youths were seen throwing  asphalt chunks into  standing water in  alley and even damaged my neighbor's garage door when a chunk was thrown at . This end   alley has two large low spots from  crumbling concrete that hold a lot  standing water from rains. You can see  standing water in  attached pictures. This most likely is  cause   concrete caving in. This needs immediate attention.
Since  beginning   2016-17 rainy season, a pothole has been forming in  alley behind my house, making  almost impossible to enter my garage from  alley. The asphalt repair from several years ago is cracking  from  heaving concrete underneath. And to make matters worse, just today some youths were seen throwing  asphalt chunks into  standing water in  alley and even damaged my neighbor's garage door when a chunk was thrown at . This end   alley has two large low spots from  crumbling concrete that hold a lot  standing water from rains. You can see  standing water in  attached pictures. This most likely is  cause   concrete caving in. This needs immediate attention.
Since  beginning   2016-17 rainy season, a pothole has been forming in  alley behind my house, making  almost impossible to enter my garage from  alley. The asphalt repair from several years ago is cracking  from  heaving concrete underneath. And to make matters worse, just today some youths were seen throwing  asphalt chunks into  standing water in  alley and even damaged my neighbor's garage door when a chunk was thrown at . This end   alley has two large low spots from  crumbling concrete that hold a lot  standing water from rains. You can see  standing water in  attached pictures. This most likely is  cause   concrete caving in. This needs immediate attention.
Since  beginning   2016-17 rainy season, a pothole has been forming in  alley behind my house, making  almost impossible to enter my garage from  alley. The asphalt repair from several years ago is cracking  from  heaving concrete underneath. And to make matters worse, just today some youths were seen throwing  asphalt chunks into  standing water in  alley and even damaged my neighbor's garage door when a chunk was thrown at . This end   alley has two large low spots from  crumbling concrete that hold a lot  standing water from rains. You can see  standing water in  attached pictures. This most likely is  cause   concrete caving in. This needs immediate attention.
Several potholes coming from health center driver
A large pothole is forming in  alley behind my home, making  difficult to enter my garage from  alley access. The asphalt repair from years ago is crumbling and  concrete underneath is heaving from  rains from earlier in  rainy season. There is a lot  standing water whenever  rains, and  takes at least a week for  water to drain into  ground or evaporate. This needs immediate attention.
Potomac street and Saipan Drive. Many potholes in that intersection. Please come and fix. Very dangerous deep holes. Thank you!
Large pothole is located on Northbound Genesee Ave. just South  Governor Dr.Located near  median and in  left lane heading North.
Pothole is located on  La Jolla Village Drive f ramp from Hwy 5 heading South.  's in  left lane just as you go around  curve.  This pothole has been re for at least 1.5 months.
If I had a dollar for every pothole in  alley......
Pot hole far left lane right after you past regent.
Street is heaving or sinking causing a big dip in  street in West bound lane.
5 BY 3FT HAZARDOUS POTHOLE , PER PD IT HAS DAMAGED 3 VEHS SO FAR. LOCATED 1/4TH OF A MILE WEST OF INTERSECTION. IN THE  #1 LANE
W/B #2 LANE JUST WEST OF RICHMOND
In intersection
Going NORTH on College Ave pothole on  right lane oppose  preschool parking lot. Pothole due to weekend storm
Going westbound on Aero Dr pothole on  right lane reported over and over and over
Going northbound  Fairmount Ave expressway from Montezuma Rd all  way to  I-8 freeway is full  potholes and wide road cracks AND GETTING WORSE. When are you going to fix? We pay taxes for decent roads
Slow northbound lane south  Genesee Court East intersection
pot hole left lane
POTHOLES
Numerous potholes and gashes in  road
Pothole in  middle   intersection  Grand Del Mar Way and Carmel Country Rd.
Two pot holes on  on ramp to i5 south
Numerous potholes at  intersection  Mira Mesa Boulevard at Camino Ruiz
Pothole - please referred
This is about 28 x 14 inches and 6-8 inches at  deepest. In  #3 lane  westbound Mira Mesa Blvd just east  Reagan Rd, at Panda Express
Pothole
On Mt. Ararat west bound at Canning dr
Pothole and anor one starting
Pothole in middle  road
Pothole in road
 seems to be more  a sinkhole happening in  street.   is now about 2 ft in diameter and 6 inches deep.   has been growing in both diameter and depth.   is located about 5 ft in  street from  curb at  address listed.
94 east on ramp to 15 n is pothole central
Rough asphalt and potholes
Numerous potholes in both directions on  block  Washington
2 LARGE POTHOLES AT BOTH ENTRANCES TO THIS BUILDING
Lots  potholes on north side  intersection
re are at least 2 very large potholes bordering  property from La media Road.  So large in fact that big rigs bottom out in m and and  is very dangerous as re is NO lighting on La Media.
This segment  Valeta Street is beyond horrible. I feel like I should put my truck in 4WD to drive .  is impossible to NOT h a pothole. I wrongly had assumed that following  construction project at  middle school here (which involved partially tearing up  road during  installation on a retaining wall) would include repair   road at completion because  school's project created  current state   road segment; however, after  project,  public road remains...
Several potholes just before Winship Ln
The entire road down  hill has potholes and is not paved.. road leading to Mission Hills Health Care facily.

Road is full  holes and cracks and is very rough to drive on at  intersection
From 702  grissom st.  to 886 grissom,  street is totally damage. There is a hole at  start   street right in  middle about  a foot deep. Furr south anor hole in  middle also.  Few months back cy workers resurface all  streets in  area except Grissom ST. Maybe you forgot or have or plans in  near future for  street. Every time I drive up my street  reminds me   streets in TJ and I can understand that suation, but here? What up wh my property tax and cy tax?  Do your job!!!!
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Pothole
Various potholes
Uneven pavement
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Pothole
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Pothole
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Half block  potholes
Pothole
A large pothole running along  red curb on  east side  Antigua Blvd in front  5449 Escarchosa
Numerous deep potholes on Vickers Street San Diego 92111
There was some work going on at  area, about a year ago. After that , noone fixed  area. 's extremely bad, to just come to right lane and take a right turn at Angelique Street.
4 POTHOLES @ INTERSECTION HEADING WESTBOUND
New pot holes after rain.
LARGE potholes where La Jolla Scenic Drive S. and Rutgers Rd. meet.
Deep pot holes in front  businesses and residents' front doors, causing water to retain and broken pavement is severe danger for elderly patrons  businesses and residents, and tourist in area.
There is a large pot hole directly in front   driveway to my home causing damage to vehicles when pulling in from  street to  driveway.
NORTH BOUND,   HUGE POTHOLE  MAKING A LEFT TURN
Potholes
POTHOLE
From when temp water pipe was re. runs all  way across  street. getting worse
test - vishnu
This whole stretch  road is ALWAYS full  potholes. I have worked here for almost 30 years, and although 's always been bad, 's worse than ever now. I was glad to see  potholes along Roselle St at  entrance to southbound I5 were filled, but re are plenty more. And as hard on my car as se are, 's even worse when I bike to work! You really need to fix se for real! PLEASE!!!
Deep pothole in center  dip on Beryl St., corner  Lamont St.
A constuent reached out to  District 1 Office regarding  alleyways f  Via Del Norte and Via De La Mesa in La Jolla. Specifically,  alleyways are full  pot holes and  repairs that have been performed wh black tar, which  constuent claims does not last and  area starts to sink. The constuent would like to alleyway to be looked in to and possibly repair  alleyway wh  concrete that was originally used.
Carmel Mtn. Ranch, eastbound lane 100' before Stoney Peak Dr on Carmel Mountain Road. 4'L x 18"W, 8"D pothole between #1 & #2 lanes.
Potholes

The road surface is deflecting and  asphalt is breaking away
Potholes
Potholes
Soutbound on El Caminio Real from Via del la Valle at intersection  feed store parking
Pothole
Pothole
Big pot hole on Pershing drive in  right lane going southbound after  large curve and before  traffic light.
Pothole in middle  street
  stoplight  Catalina and Point Loma Avenue
Four large potholes between 3825 - 3926 Cadden Way.
Too many potholes to count
9675-9691 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92123 to 5224 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117.  East and west directions, both lanes, Blvd has open cracks one inch or more running east and west   road.  Road needs to be resurfaced.  Street has many potholes that are one inch deep, missing pavement, uneven pavement, and needs to be patched from 163 to 805.
Terrible potholes at intersection  45th and Redwood and or significant damage to  road close to  curb on 45th closer to  Arroyo Vista Skilled Nursing facily.Many people need better driving condions to  Skilled Nursing Facily.  I moved my mor from Carlsbad to  because   high medicare rating for staffing and would like to keep her re but  road is terrible.  Thanking you in advance for your assistance.Sincerely,Susan Del Monte
Too many potholes and cracks on roadway, east and west direction on segment  road in map, along Home Ave. Please patch.
Pothole developing in Street.
Location is approximate.  Northbound Genesee, just before some condos(?) on right/east side and definely south  Mt. Alifan and  7-Eleven mini-shopping area.
Not a pothole, but a missing small triangular (not big regular round) "manhole" cover.  Not sure what  access is.  Edges are metal and re should be some sort  cover in re.Right in center   street.
Road condion is terrible! Heavy Truck traffic from Target.  Street has issues in both directions, potholes, missing pavement, deep cracks, uneven pavement, potholes from 5760-5768 Balboa Arms Dr, San Diego, CA 92117 to 5228-5252 Balboa Arms Dr, San Diego, CA 92117
Pothole 13193 Calle de las Rosas
Pothole in front  store about 2 1/2 feet by 2 feet.
Massive pothole.
DANGEROUS POTHOLE E/B ON POINT LOMA JUST BEFORE CATALINA INTERSECTION
Pothole going south on  right lane   intersection  Ruffin Rd wh Balboa Ave
Large pothole in left turning lane facing west
Pothole became larger wh  week's rain,  chunks  asphalt are breaking f.
sinkhole in front  telephone pole.  has gotten worse in last 2 weeks
The whole alley (to  East  38th St.) needs to be smood out; huge bumps throughout. There is also graffi in  alley.
Pothole has been re for over a month
Very deep dangerous pothole on Moraga and Idlewild Way west side 92117

Have several potholes in front  house and makes  very dangerous for my far who is wheelchair bound as well as for my mor who is elderly and disabled as well when y need to come out and walk up  street to take ir bus (MTS ACCESS BUS) y have almost fell due to having several potholes
Approximately 6-8" depression in street. I think 's enough to cause alignment damage. Maybe sewer or street drain leak related.
Cracked street
Northwest corner  intersection. H on 5/6 during rain
Left lane going east
POTHOLE AT 5312 CARDENO & 5324 CARDENO DR
11646 Carmel Mountain Road traveling west in  far right lane re is a larger pothole that has been re since April 2017. Please fix. Thank you.
Pothole
Pothole
Intersection

Northbound Pomerado Road 17500 block before reach Greens  East Road in  left lane re is a pothole that needs to be fixed. Thank you.
I ran over a very deep pothole and damaged 2  my Enkei racing wheels!  has damaged my rims and  is very expensive to fix!  These potholes need to be fixed asap! There are multiple potholes in Mira Mesa!
Very large potholes (several) at intersection  LJ Scenic Dr South and Rutgers as you make a right turn heading south on LJ Scenic
Many major potholes on paseo montril by ranch penasquos Blvd. by 7 Eleven driveway.
In alleyway behind 4324 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. between Cole St. and Dubois.  Many large potholes in alleyway. Several cy garbage trucks use  alleyway and  potholes are huge and hard to avoid.
The road has many potholes and is dangerous as  asphalt has become loose and is being kicked up by passing vehicles, damaging parked vehicles, and could potentially cause harm to pedestrians and motorists who may lose control  ir vehicle from  severy  damage on  street.  is a problem that occurs on both sides   road.
Very bad potholes in road and parking lot at Dusty Rhodes Dog Park in Ocean Beach
Cars crossing  street are CONSTANTLY bottoming out, creating a very loud crushing sound, disturbing  residents in  area. If you just come to  area and listen for a few minutes you will know.  would be amazing if a worker could come out to observe.  is so loud. Thanks!
POTHOLE IFO ADDR
Westbound on Montezuma Rd pass  55th St intersection new pothole starting oppose  SDSU parking structure
Westbound on Montezuma Rd pass  College Ave intersection new pothole starting on  right lane oppose  SDSU towers.
2 big pholes about a foot wide in front  768 thru 782 saturn blvd
Porholes
There is a giant pothole at  norast corner  11th and J St. Any car making a right turn onto 11th is forced to drive over .
Giant pothole at  norast corner
Deep pothole. Very dangerous
numerous potholes
Hi, I live near  intersection and noticed some crumbling asphalt near  stop sign. 's definely deep enough to be a hazard for bicyclists. Thank you.
Large pothole in #2 lane northbound side  Genesee.

 intersection at Catalina blvd. looking towards Coronado bridge

Pothole
Pothole in concrete, pothole at Kettner and Redwood
POTHOLE S/E/C
On Morena at lights going SE re is a spl   road on  right hand lane   causes traffic to slow down completely . The spl in sement neede filling in .  needs filling every couple  months . Temporary fixes are ok but  permanent solution are  goal .  AND on  left lane   exact location right before  lights going SE re is some pothole activy that also needs filling. Thank you
Multiple potholes  various sizes on hillary drive in both directions between black mtn rd and Marbury. Most  se are really deep and wide. Please fix.
Large pothole starting to form in right turning lane on Madison just before Texas Street.
Big pothole intersection  11and G
11th and J
On Midway Dr going south approximately outside  Marks Guar Exchange on  left lane re is a terrible spl in  road .  needs to be filled .  is too dangerous to slow down .  AND at  same address but on  right lane re is some crack activy that also needs filling . Thank you
Tecolote Rd across from  Shell station going West is terrible . So many holes and major cracks in  road on both lanes staring at  lights .  rattles  you know what out  our vehicles. Traffic has to slow down completely. .  Temporary fixing is wonderful . But resurfacing  that parf   road  is most sought .  But please patch  at  very least . Thank you
Potholes
Pothole
ASPHALT REPAIR NEEDED 4'LX3'W WEST OF ADDRESS. EXIT 5 NORTH IN #1 LANE
2 LARGE POTHOLES ON OPPOSITE SIDES OF STREET BY ALBERTSONS! ON LAKE MURRAY
large potholes
Large potholes on Universy going north by  signal
 entire block  2900 Columbine st 92105 has no top surface and has approximately  25 potholes resulting in excessive wear and tear to our vehicles. Totally needs resurfacing. thank you
Almost  entire Home Ave  between  94W entry ramp all  way to Fairmount ave needs resurfacing . There are approximately 50 potholes resulting from excessive use and poor maintainence . The road has not top surface both sides East and West
3600 block  33rd st needs repaving. The road on  high traffic block has a lot  wide cracks and holes. They have gotten a lot wider and numerous over  past year. The road is like a patchwork  crumbling road.
pothole east bound lane across from 7-11
Over 200 potholes all along Portobelo Court need repairs
pothole in far right lane heading east on carmel mountain road

Road is all cracked potholes et cetera needs repair
Pot holes at 3969 Cadden way and at least 2 very large ones, down to  dirt furr south on Cadden way.
pothole
Pothole at Lowell St and Plum Street near gutter
Several potholes recently have appeared in  short stretch  street in  viciny   address. This is a heavily traveled street (double yellow line), including a lot a light truck traffic, so  pavement takes a beating and needs more maintenance than  typical neighborhood street.
pothole
pothole
Pothole
ALLEY IS FULL OF POTHOLES, RECENTLY TRASH TRUCKS HAVE LEFT DEEP RUTS
Multiple potholes in left turn lane  genesee and Linda vista rd
sinkhole forming
POTHOLE
The seam in  pavement on Home Ave near 45th Street is splting open and creating a series  potholes in middle   road for several blocks.
WHOLE STREET HAS POTHOLES
3 BAD POTHOLES    JUST EAST LINDA VISTA
Pothole at Bayside and El Carmel in Mission Beach
POTHOLE (ON NORTH PART OF GENESEE ) BEFORE LINDA VISTA - POTHOLE WAS RECENTLY PATCHED BUT THERE'S A VOID
Deep pot hole
Please fix all  potholes in  street in both directions
Please fix all  potholes in  street in both directions
Left turn lane from Balboa Ave into Mercury St has a deep pothole re oppose  Chevron Gas Station
Please fix all  potholes in  street in both directions
Please fix all  potholes in  street in both directions
Please fix all  potholes in  street in both directions
Large potholes for years on front  Wendy's and Oscar's Mexican Grill.
1 pothole
Sdge recently replaced power pole and now  mini sinkhole shows up.
Please fix a BIG pothole here on Aero Dr going eastbound. Been re for months now
Please fix many and several potholes going eastbound on Montezuma Rd starting from Fairmount Ave all  way to Collwood Blvd. Team needs to survey  street in both lanes as re are many and several even on  bike lane
This pothole has been repaired once before and is steadily disintegrating.
large pothole
Potholes along  gutter on  west curbline in  3950-3998 block  Twiggs St.
Pothole at 3242 Eichenlaub St.
Potholes in crosswalk and north bound side
Potholes in both directions in  3600-3999 blocks  Morena Blvd.
LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF DRIVEWAY
Potholes on  east side   intersection  Morena Blvd and Gesner St.
Potholes
Pothole in  westbound lane between 2540 and 2641 Jackson St.
POTHOLES ON WEST MISSION BAY, FROM INGRAHAM TO THE BEACH!
Many severe potholes  in  alley just west  (behind) 3246 Clairemont Dr. Residents  Clairemont Drive must park in  alley and drive on  on a daily basis. The potholes have  become so bad that y are beginning to cause tire damage.
Pothole on  left-most lane on EB Nobel Dr. before reaching Costa Verde intersection.
There is a pretty large pothole in  alley behind our house (4584 49th St.) that has become worse after  rain.
Potholes
Numerous medium to large potholes on Santo Road southbound, both lanes from Clairemont Mesa Blvd to Porto Court (entrance to Serra High School).  Majory near CMBlvd.
Road repairs after contracted work across all lanes  Lake Murray Boulevard sand following  recent rain, leaving sharp concete edges across all lanes  Lake Murray Boulevard and causing severe vehicle damage.
Large potholes, heading eastbound from stop sign at New Salem Street and Parkdale Ave, difficult to avoid.
Big pothole
The ex f  163 South on two fryers far right lane is a mess  needs help!
The ex from Mission Valley Road ex to 8 East has potholes everywhere!
Potholes
Huge pothole in left turn lane that covers entire lane. Very difficult to avoid.
There is some weird unevenness to  section   road. The left hand lane was dug up before, but repaved and is now normal.  right lane  has potholes and seems to be sinking by  manhole cover. Very rough section. going NB on Princess View.
Far left lane

POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Large pot hole in east bound lane  Clairemont Mesa Blvd at intersection  Ruffner Road. When making right turn on to,Ruffner  hole is in path  tires.
Big pothole in left turn lane heading east on Point Loma Ave.
1.5 -2ft deep pothole at  east corner  J St and 11th Ave
Pothole
Pothole
large part hole at  beginning  coast walk and I twisted my ankle while walking  and getting larger by  day
There's a huge pothole in  middle   road. 's closer to  Autozone in  left hand lane as you are headed north on Woodman Street.
Serious pothole. Northbound Genessee, left lane.

Pothole
Huge pothole friving north
Please fill  pothole located at  stop sign/intersection where Selva meets Nacido--- seam   concrete and asphalt
Pothole
The condion   roadway in  east alley  4500 Bancrt Street (West alley  4500 33rd Street) is horrible.  The alley is nearly impassable.  Deep potholes are found all along  roadway.  The condion   roadway makes  dangerous to residents and a greater hazard and hindrance to first responders who use  alleyways to assist cizens.
POTHOLE
Bad pothole on point in map, pothole and very rough road. Please review image for reference. Thanks.
Alley between 34th and Felton needs to have all potholes done and street swept please. 4500 block
Potholes and uneven street going downhill on 30th street and C street
THREE TO FOUR POTHOLES  IN FRONT OF ADDRESS
POTHOLE
Potholes on 30 th street, between A amd B street
Street never dries up , seems like water is running from under ground. Been like that for months. Street is all cracked up.
pothole in #1 lane (left lane) on northbound Genesee Ave.  just south  Governor Dr // San Diego Police incident #15041
Pothole on corner  house 10379 la morada drive
Deterioration  street along wh pothole at corner  house on 10379 la morada drive
Deteriorating pothole
Several BIG ones
On  North side   intersection  Lakehurst Ave and Coconino Way, re are several portholes wh a depth  4"-6" deep. On 5/8/2017 at Approximately 1930 hours, as I was turning west onto Lakehurst Ave after coming to a stop while driving south on Coconino Way my motorcycles rear tire fell into one   potholes as I was turning and accelerating onto Lakehurst. This caused  balance  my bike to start to fall and n pched my motorcycle and my body into  air and n slamming violently to  ground in a whiplash fashion. I sustained physical body injury, but my safety gear (helmet, gloves and jacket) protected myself from anything that could have been severe. My motorcycle however suffered extensive body damage as well as some mechanical damage. There were several neighbors who wnessed  happen and came right over to check on me.I would like to request that se potholes be filled to prevent anor accident. Had I been going faster than 10 miles an hour, I would have had to call an ambulance to take me to  hospal.I would also like for someone from  cy contact me so that I can find out how I can have  several thousand dollars worth  damage to my safety gear and my motorcycle repaired. I will send  to as many people as I can find since I could not find any easy contact number on  Cy  San Diego webse.Thank you,Joe Kearns619.203.3554SDyacht@gmail.com
VERY large pothole in  left turn lane on eastbound Point Loma Ave. at  intersection  Catalina Blvd.








Comments: If you were coming from around RB High School area down Carmel Mountain Rd towards  15 Freeway re are some big potholes by Conference Way cross street.  Right about directly in  cross street exactly.  There are some large ones in  middle land and left lane both respectively.  As you continue for 1 addional block closer to  freeway (West bound and a ltle South) re are more pretty large ones in  left lane and some in  middle lane too I believe.  's just 1 addional block.  So you are already in that area.  Just continue forward towards  freeway and you will see m.  On Carmel Mountain Rd. as you approach closer to  15.Email is a good contact for me if you need to reach me.  Thank you for your service and help.  joegamblesvegas1@yahoo.com
Pothole


deep potholes on  leftmost lane when you ex from 5 freeway
N/B LARGE POTHOLE, BEFORE EVENING CREEK
Multiple potholes
Pot hole

Gap in concrete alley poses a tripping hazard to residents and tourists. commonly used as walkway. Resident temporarily placed wood to fill gap.
Set  potholes in front  mar vista jr high.
Large potholes southbound hwy 163 Universy Ave ex, left lane. There are about 3 potholes, each at left turns into businesses where center divider ends.
SEVERAL POTHOLES UP AND DOWN POWAY RD.
Previous road repair sinking. Worse than pothole.
Numerous potholes in  road


ON INGRAHAM, SEVERAL POTHOLES
On all ground around area
Fill hole
POTHOLES FROM TORJAN & 54TH ALL THE WAY TO ON 54TH FROM COLLEGE GROVE DRIVE ALL THE WAY TO TROJAN N/B
Fix  big hole and area around 
Fix asphalt
Multiple severe potholes in close proximy
Need new asphalt up and down area
There is a big pot hole where  street meets  train tracks on W Beech St just a few feet east  825 W Beech street
intersection  Richmond and Universy...specifically northbound turning left from Richmond to westbound Universy. Almost took f my tire from  wheel!
ON GENESEE, LARGE POTHOLE! BEFORE I-52
Pothole
Potholes
Hot Hulsey and 10th Avenue
Pothole everywhere at  corner and Miramar rd
Westbound lane
Sinkhole
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
So many cracks on Sunset Cliffs in  area. The nearby area you just resurfaced looks SO nice. Can't you please resurface  remaining two blocks? We get so much summer traffic from visors and sunset viewers, and  will degrade quickly. Thanks!!



There are multiple large potholes in  area.  As you ex f  15 Freeway and travel N/E onto Carmel Mountain road you want to be in  right lane.  Heading N/E on Carmel Mountain road before you get to Stoney Peak Dr. re is a large pothole in  right lane.   is a ways before you h Stoney Peak Drive.   will be in  right lane.Now as you continue N/E on Carmel Mountain Road you will cross Stoney Peak Drive.  Be driving very slow here.  Almost immediately and just barely beyond  intersection self  Stoney Peak Dr. and Carmel Mountain Rd.  re are 2 large potholes on Carmel Mountain Rd. in  area.  One is in  right lane and one is in  left lane.  I believe re are 3 lanes in  area.   is almost directly in  intersection.  Just a tiny b beyond  traveling N/E on Carmel Mountain Rd.  Both are close toger.  Right and left lanes respectively.  So 3 total that I described in  general area before and after Stoney Peak Drive traveling N/E on Carmel Mountain Road from  15 freeway.  All  m are pretty large potholes IMO.  They are not small.
Large pothole
SDGE cut and refilled approximate 8 sqft.  asphalt. Did not do a very good job,  asphalt now sunked in and have sharp edges expose could damage tires and vehicle.
very deep pothole right westbound lane
Big hole in west bound lane.
Potholes all over  section in all lanes. On East bound side just after intersection.
broken up pavement in street
broken up pavement in front  residence.
lots  potholes along block
large set  holes in street
A large pothole at  SE corner before  freeway entrance.
Fixed only one large pot hole at  beginning  road but re are several pot holes in  first 100 feet  coast walk need fixed
2 ft x 1 ft at State St and Market blvd
Northbound Genessee, across from 6330 Genessee Ave, in  #1 lane is a 3 foot wide pothole. Traffic dodging . Looks like 's been repaired before, due to  rubble.
large Asphalt pothole Grand Avenue Eastbound at Haines
large Asphalt pothole  Cass street in  intersection    1001 Garnet Avenue  North East bound
Huge pothole hrowing bigger every day
This stretch  road between Cypress Canyon Rd and Evergold Street has many, many horrible and HUGE potholes on both sides   road that not only really mess up my suspension and tires, but also jerks my car side to side if I don't remember to avoid m on my daily commute. 's become so dangerous that I felt I had to say something.
Big pothole
I submted a ticket on  issue on 3/22 and  pot holes have only gotten worse over time (as y always do).  The ticket number is 00164037.There are several LARGE potholes at Melbourne Drive and Shawn Avenue.  In  pavement at  cross gutter crossing  south side  Melbourne Avenue.Thanks for your help in getting se potholes fixed.Ken
Hugh pothole northbound Genesee just before governor dr
Several leading to bridge over 805 on eastbound side.
One  many LARGE potholes in alley

Large potholes in alley.
If I were driving a moon Rover  would be  best place to train but unfortunately clients can't drive thru wh ir cars.
Huge pothole in left turn lane. Point Loma Ave to Catalina Blvd. Filled once but in worst condion now.
Pot holes along  whole street
Pothole. Many deep potholes.
New large pothole on Sabre Springs Parkway below signal light on Carmel Mountain Express Drive.
Large pot hole
Potholes have been caused by a constant flow  water. The water problem is currently being worked on by  PUD, but se potholes still need to be fixed.
Multiple potholes on  whole street from Warning Rd to Mission Gorge Rd. On both sides  Zion Ave. Thanks in advance!!
We have over six large potholes along our street and have contacted  Street Division agency numerous  times to report  problem. We, along wh our neighbors, have been contacting  department for over a year now and nothing has been done. tached are a few pictures   damage to our street. The problem isn't just one section   street but along  entire street and so  is difficult  "avoid" driving around  potholes. I have checked your Pothole Patching Schedule numerous  time and while our district is listed, no patching has been made (nor have we seen any   workers along our street). The whole street looks like  needs to be repaved. Please send out your workers as soon as possible as  problem is causing major damages to our cars. We will also be contacting  Council Member to see what she can do about  problem. Thank you.
3 potholes (2 big ones,  1 small) on  NE corner  Denver St and Ingulf.
Deep pothole-will cause vehicle damage
Potholes on 54th street between 54th Place and Universy Avenue
Potholes
Potholes
lots  potholes on  street. Hazardous and likely to get bigger because re is no way to avoid m. Mainly on Euclid between Dwight and Wightman. On  north-side   street
Street is turning into a dirt road! Potholes everywhere huge sections wh no asphalt. You are paving all  or streets in  area why not  one?  is  worst  all and even though  is  not a through street  has a lot  traffic.  is in a dangerous condion even for people walking!
Alley between 2700 block  Adams Avenue, 4600 block  Idaho Street, 2700 block  Madison Avenue and 4600 block  Oregon Street needs to be repaired and finished to match  norrn 1/3   alley. tached are photos
Pothole
15100 to 16180 Avenida Venusto (from Paseo Lucido to Bernardo Heights Parkway) has many potholes, cracks, and depressions that stretch from one side   street to  or.
Southbd on 70th, lane near sidewalk, very deep hole
couple  holes in  lane near  sidewalk and entrance to parking lot
Large pothole in  left lane on W Hawthorn St under  I-5 overpass. Same area repaired twice in last two months.
Pothole at driveway entrance
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
This street has become very cracked and damaged from  recent rains. Please consider checking  out and adding  to  list  streets for repaving or slurry.
SOUTHBOUND IN FRONT OF BANK OF AMERICA
Two pot holes
N/B GENESEE @ GOVERNOR (AT LEFT TURN LANE)
POTHOLE
Pothole in westbound lane, near Ace Hardware.  's been re a while.
From end to end Castellana Rd was used for  Project related  to  new water/sewer mains on Castellana Rd in La Jolla. As  was happening March 3rd, 2017, we immediately contacted  fice, CSD, PW, Construction Management & Field Services Division to inform m that damage to  concrete was being done as a result   heavy and constant back and forth traffic  such heavy weight equipment used for  project.This  damage is a direct result   heavy machinery that was used.  We are disappointed to read supervising engineer Mr Clemens Wassenberg  ?-CSD, PW, Construction Management & Field Services Division?-email in which he re-frames  damage   as ?pre-existing?.  He re-directs  damage that was created by  water/sewer project to your fice, mentioning that  is outside ir project area and would have to be addressed by  Cy  San Diego?s Street Division. That ir fice is not authorized to use ir limed water and sewer project funds for street repair outside  project area.Due to  major damage,  Cy  San Diego is riskingpotential human casualties beyond extensive material damage, that is seriously jeopardizing drivers, bike drivers, and  safety  people who enjoy walking in our street.
3-4 potholes: 1 medium, 2 or 3 small
Mission Center Rd/Auto circle ex coming from 163N & 8E.  Pothole is in south lane.
163N on-ramp from 11th ave, looks like road is splting from pothole damage
Large pothole at corner  Laurel and First Ave
One  many potholes at Laurel and First
Potholes located Fairmount Av southbound lanes approximately under Interstate 8 overpass
2 potholes at corner and anor 50 foot west  intersection on Raejean
Pothole on Encino at Murray Ridge Rd.
Many potholes on Greyling Dr.  south  Pinecrest to Raejean.  Street is in very poor condion.
Large pothole north bound Genesee at approximately 6340 Genesee, left lane
The entire street had new asphalt and was repaved except for  worst part  Collier Avenue. Everyday I drive my child on  road and s like we are on a amusement park ride due to  overgrown cracks wh grass growing, uneven surface and potholes. Please return to finish  work on  street s a huge problem and all neighbors are filing a petion.
Pothole in Pt. Loma corner  Catalina & Point Loma Ave.
Going S/W on Carmel Mountain Road in  right lane re is a very deep pothole.   is in  right lane.   is before you reach Rancho Carmel Road.  If you came out   shopping center, went S/W on Carmel Mountain Road towards  freeway and in  right lane.   is before you would reach Rancho Carmel Road.   is problematic because  hole is very deep.   looks like  could blow out a tire.  's not a shallow like  type  ones you may be able to safely drive over.  This one looks like  could cause a puncture because  is a deep, harsh pothole.The location is approximate and  description  where  is.  I could certainly be f by a ltle b.  But if you ex  shopping center, go SW on Carmel Mountain Rd., in  right lane and before you get to Rancho Carmel Road you will see  for sure.  's a deep, jagged pothole.  The type that could easily blow out a tire.
There's a big pathole re (in  last 2 years).
LARGE POTHOLE NORTHBOUND GENESEE JUST BEFORE GOVERNOR
Located at stoplight on west side  Point Loma Avenue at Catalina Blvd.
There are massive potholes on both east and west bound sides   section  road.
Sizable pothole on northbound side  Genesse between Radcliffe Lane and Governor Drive.  Pothole is close to center divide.Thanks!!
Huge pothole
Many potholes on  stretch  Montezuma
Huge pothole at Catalina Blvd. and Point Loma Ave .  Has been reported many times but still a hazard
Potholes caused by trash trucks need to be fixed
Potholes caused by  trash trucks need to be fixed


Massive pothole! Please fix!

Next to stop sign heading westbound
Huge pothole when headed west on Hawthorne Boulevard underneath  freeway overpass just east  Columbia Street
Multiple potholes under Fairmount bridge on Aldine. heading east on Aldine.
need to be repair ASAP.
There is a very large and deep pothole in  middle   intersection  Beryl Street and Lamont Street in Pacific Beach
Two deep pot holes in  Northbound lane  Euclid Ave, where  passenger side tires ( a 4 wheel vehicle) have to avoid (not  driver side tires).  Hope a bicyclist does not h se two holes, maybe that is why  neighbor 'hood' drug deliveries 'allegedly' are done using  sidewalks.  Frustrated that "people" South  Interstate 8 don't report pot holes or anything else.  Driven around se two holes for several  weeks.  Guess SDPD does not notice or report  holes y are hting.  That sounded dirty, should not report wh headache.
Multiple potholes,  very poor condion.
Reporting 3 potholes on del Diablo way 92129.  1st at intersection  madrigal and del diablo way, 2nd in front  15060 del Diablo and 3rd in front  15180 del Diablo.  I recommend you also investigate  roadway on del Diablo way just north  penasquos Dr.  This area has been "fixed" twice before but is already looking ragged again.
Point Loma Ave & Catalina
There are several potholes on  cul de sac wh 2 being in front  my home. This street has several children that play and ride bicycles and I worry that y are going to be injured if one  ir bikes gets caught on se potholes. Several months back we were hopeful that  was being fixed as re were Cy No Parking signs all over  entire cul de sac but we were disappointed when we came home that night to see a small 6 x 6 area  asphalt placed and  rest   street left in ad condion.  appears that maybe that had been some water pipe repair
About 100yards north   las/Stalmer cross street re is a very large pothole near  center   street. Someone put a while bag inside  pothole (not sure if  will still be re when you look at )  Stalmer/las intersection re is a smaller pothole.
There are a few potholes in a cluster heading south on Santo Rd. towards Serra High School, right after Clairemont Mesa Blvd.  that are pretty bad.  Many people will go around m.
Several leading to bridge over 163 on eastbound side.
There is a pothole in  northbound lane  Soledad Road, about halfway between  intersexction  Lamont St. and Loring Street and  entrance to Kate Sessions Park
Road disintegrating, multiple spots. Loose chunks  asphalt in roadway




Multiple holes in  area. Plan to fix many
Port hole
Entire street is crumbling! Please resurface
Many potholes in intersection  ingulf and denver
Pothole
A constuent emailed some photos about some trenching on  westbound  lane  El Cajon headed towards Winona Av. The rut is approximately 5 inches wide, 2 inches deep, and 130 feet long.

After  First Street was dug up to put new cabling under,  concrete road was repaired wh blacktop.  Whin days,  blacktop fill has sunk and continues to get worse.Please return  street to s original state and fix properly wh concrete.Thank you.
Large hole in  road at 163 entrance from 11th Avenue; just as two lanes merge into one.
Pothole on Rios Road in front  12228 Rios RoadAlong  skirt   road  asphalt where  meets  curb. is deteriorating.along Rios Road.
4100 EASTBOUND BLOCK POINT LOMA AV IN LEFT TURN LANE TO CATALINA BL. A 3' X 3' X18" deep pothole that is a traffic hazard, and can damage cars.
Street Dept:This morning I received a message that my report was closed for  potholes on southbound Cactus Road between Airway Road and Siempre Viva Road. You can not be serious. I have submted at least three reports for  section  roadway.Please send someone from your department in ir personal vehicle and have m drive  road. I can guarantee that  owner  that car will spend ir time dodging potholes and cursing you for not repairing  road correctly.I drive  road every morning, five days a week, and can't believe  shoddy work you do on  stretch  roadway. Especially at  stop sign area at  intersection  southbound Cactus Road and Siempre Viva Road, You have outdone yourselves for incompetent work.18-wheel tractor trailers drive on  oppose side   road to avoid potholes. I know because I follow m down  road in  morning.I dare you to drive your personal car on  stretch  roadway. If you don't want to ruin  suspension on your car, n call me and I'll take you down that road in my car. Call me.Sincerely,Tom TauronePhone 619-336-7211
Large pothole on North Bound Genesee.
very big potholes on  intersection  Coralwood Dr. and Goldcrest Ln. please help
RIGHT LANE GOING SOUTH POTHOLE
Boulder Lake from Navajo to Cowles Mtn. needs major work. Numerous Potholes. Also Highwood St. is in  same condion, by Gage Elem School. Both streets need to be re paved or all potholes filled, not just a few. Thank you
Large pothole at  stop  Altadena Ave and Monroe Ave. going north.
Right underneath  8 fwy overpass re is a very large pothole.  is on Fairmount going south away from  Chevron gas station, located right after  light  Camino del Rio N. and Fairmount and 's on  left lane.
Pothole
Heading north on Pomerado between Grandee Place and Greens East Road pothole in #1 lane.  Recently had to have car aligned due to many potholes.  Thanks for repairing.
many potholes in front   house
In crosswalk
Potholes
Rancho Bernardo Road heading East and west between Bernardo Oaks and Pomerado Roads.  Pot holes keep reoccuring because street should be reslurried.  Please repair.  Thanks.
There is an uprooted road, about 4 inches high and cracked causing a tripping hazard in front  5471 Yerba Ana Dr. Pedestrians have reported  as a tripping hazard and cause for injury.
LARGE POTHOLE NEAR STOP SIGN WHERE CONCRETE AND ASPHALT MEET.
4-foot pothole in front  5607 Yerba Ana Dr.
HUGE pothole in  road that BENT two  my rims at 45mph., my choice was to h  curb on  left,  car to  right or  massive pothole!I am SO TIRED   pothole issue in SD, " finest cy"? There are redneck towns in Oklahoma that have nicer roads...psh. FIX THE ROADS!
parts   alley have heaved up 6" to a foot which makes  sometimes almost impassable.
Huge pothole on  eastbound lane  Broadway at 32nd St. and F St. Across from  Tom Duffy Company wholesale flooring products
In  intersection  Dennery and Palm. Especially  left turning lane from northbound Dennery to westbound Palm.
pothole in number 1 Southbound Ln. beside  bus stop
deep potholes here at  intersection  la jolla scenic south and Rutgers rd
Pothole on right side as you come up Jacaranda to Pershing
A constuent reached out to District 1 regarding various potholes on Mango Drive, north  Del Mar Heights Road a few months ago. We filed a report on ir behalf at  time. After speaking to  constuent yesterday, he informed us that only a few   potholes had been taken care . Can we take care  all   potholes in  location?
Going eastbound before  intersection wh SandRock Rd, re is a pothole on  street.
ANOTHER REQUEST - Please fix a pothole on  RIGHT LANE going north on College Ave (pass Adams Ave). Thanks
Point Loma going east toward Catalina large pothole.
Midway north between Barnett and Rosecrans is VERY dangerous for cyclists!  PLEASE pave Midway!!!
Growing Pothole
Coming f  freeway 5 North to Hawthorne under  bridge re's a pothole like you going to  airport a ltle aly can I take a picture easy traffic
Pothole
BIG POTHOLE
Potholes
SEVERAL POTHOLE ON HAWTHORN
Pothole previously repaired is now sunken again
Big pothole at concrete dip.
There are so many potholes on  stretch  road between Laurel and  airport.
There is a large (8 inch deep) pothole at  end  our alley, which has been re for many years.  Both sidewalks need access ramps. My son has h  pothole while riding his bike and broke his crank and pedal. Our elderly neighbor fell into  landing on her hip. Her son took her to  hospal and I haven't heard her prognosis yet. Please fix  pothole and add  access ramps before somebody is seriously injured and sue  Cy. Thank you.
There is a large (8 inch deep) pothole at  end  our alley, which has been re for many years.  Both sidewalks need access ramps. My son has h  pothole while riding his bike and broke his crank and pedal. Our elderly neighbor fell into  landing on her hip. Her son took her to  hospal and I haven't heard her prognosis yet. Please fix  pothole and add  access ramps before somebody is seriously injured and sue  Cy. Thank you.
There is a large (8 inch deep) pothole at  end  our alley, which has been re for many years.  Both sidewalks need access ramps. My son has h  pothole while riding his bike and broke his crank and pedal. Our elderly neighbor fell into  landing on her hip. Her son took her to  hospal and I haven't heard her prognosis yet. Please fix  pothole and add  access ramps before somebody is seriously injured and sue  Cy. Thank you.
Please consider repair or overhaul  W. Washington St., between India St and  entrance to  MCRD (roughly  Frontage Road) in BOTH DIRECTIONS.  The street is in terrible shape, and receives substantial traffic.
The pothole is located on eastbound Friars Road, on  left side   left lane, between Rancho Mission Road and  left turn lanes to Santo Road.

multiple potholes
The street is completely corroded on 37th Street directly in front   building located at 4488 37th Street.  is a trip hazard to  residents living in  area and  street floods every time  rains. There are two residents, who are visually impaired, living at  reported address. One   residents tripped over  corroded area yesterday, fell to  ground and sustained minor injuries. Please fix  trip hazard as soon as possible to prevent a more serious injury in  future.
3 Potholes
Pothole
Multiple pothole heading east
Pothole located near  I5 North on ramp in  far right turning lane   corner  sorrento valley blvd and roselle st
Pothole (real cage rattler) on Balboa in middle lane at Viewridge intersection.
Regular size pothole near yellow divider line
Failed patch on stress and alley
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Large pothole.  Chunks  asphalt scattered in  road.
deep pothole east bound lane near  joint  asphalt and  bridge concrete
large pothole on corner  laurel and 1st in bankers hill
Two large potholes in left lane. Getting larger everyday.
Large pothole
Deepening gash
Pothole caused radiator damage.
Pothole is about 3 feet wide by 4 feet wide and about 8 inches deep so  is que a large bottle.
Multiple holes near and after roundabout
Pothole
 MAIN THOROUGHFARE  LINDA VISTA RD AND GENESEE is riddled wh potholes and dangerously uneven pavement!!  intersection in particular, and  both East and West directions  GENESEE are in dire need  repaving.  approx 6 mos. ago y finished widening  intersection yet y entire area was left untouched! How can  cy dig up a street and not fix  rest  ?? Potholes are filled, and broken time and time again, and  left turn lane from Genesee westbound onto Linda Vista Rd has major dips in  lanes.
The stretch  Rancho Carmel Road from Shoal Creek Drive to Provenical Place is HORRIFIC.  Ltered wh POTHOLES!!! I implore you to get  onto an improvement project for repaving!! Get engineers on !! High priory!!!
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE NORTH BOUND ON GENESSE AV IN THE LEFT HAND LANE PRIOR TO THE GOVENER DR INTERSECTION.






Relatively large pothole on west side  road



~1" deep
CUSTOMER STATES THERE IS A VERY DEEP HAZARDOUS POTHOLE INFRONT OF HIS HOME.
Multiple large potholes at  intersection  La Jolla Village Dr and Villa La Jolla Drive, going westbound on La Jolla Village Dr (see photo below). Also, multiple or potholes along westbound La Jolla Village Dr up to intersection wh La Jolla Shores Dr.
Several potholes in front   address on north side  Palm Avenue
Large potholes
Large potholes
Many potholes southbound on Santo
Multiple potholes left turn lane
Norrn lane  Ketner
Huge pothole on Soledad Road at south end  Kate Sessions Park


Pothole
Badly damaged asphalt

Potholes in intersection
On Carmel Valley Rd, east bound, just before traffic light at intersection wh I-5 southbound ramps.There is a hole in  roadway about 6" in diameter than looks to be  top  a a much larger hole, like a small sinkhole.  Noticed  while stopped at  light on my bike, could not see into  hole, but  looked like something where a large piece  roadway could give way.

When heading south just after Carmel Mountain Road
on 70th southbd, lane near  center
a bunch  holes and cracks on 68th
Terrible road condion, multiple potholes! This road should be condemned!
Pot hole approximately 100 yards south  rancho bernardo Communy park.  North bound lane. near right tire lane
Please fix all  potholes on Art St next to  US Postal Service lot. There are 3 that I counted in  one street alone.
Roughly 4 large, 2-3" asphalt gradient potholes at T intersection outside  provided address.
NB lane
There is an uprooted road, about 4 inches high and cracked causing a tripping hazard in front  5471 Yerba Ana Dr. Pedestrians have reported  as a tripping hazard and cause for injury.
Two in middle  intersection southbound

Multiple potholes on Streamview Drive at  following addresses:5351; 5339; 5335; 5327; 5321; 5307; 5301; 5256; 5251; 5187Also at intersections :  Lea & Streamview:  Mina & Streamview
Potholes
Potholes
Big pothole on Genesee, left lane northbound before governor.
Pothole at  intersection  family circle and Linda vista
Near 45mph sign, several deep holes. South east bound
In EB lane
In EB lane
There is a pothole on Bluffside Drive and  entrance to I-5 North.
Southbound left lane  Bernardo Center Drive just south  intersection wh Ranch Bernardo Road
Pothole in southbound right lane  Vista Sorrento Pkwy just south  intersection wh Carmel Mountain Road
Huge pot hole on Fairmount Ave southbound under  8 west on ramp
Potholes at intersection  Mount Laudo and Mount Hukee, at dip.
Bad pothole at main entrace to Vons shopping center on Garnet. Particularly hazardous as 's at a turn f  main road
Pothole at entrance/ex to Vons shopping center from Jewell

Pot holes in front  driveway
Pothol going southbound previously reported never get fixed
Going northbound on College Ave oppose  preschool parking lot, just pass Adams Ave going north
New potholes going southbound. One on each lane left and right and can't be avoided please repair ASAP. Thank you
Pothole
Potholes
3 large potholes on Santo rd near  back entrance to Serra High school. These potholes are affecting  traffic flow as cars are slowing g down to avoid m causing a backup.
why didn't my street get upgrade like all or streets in my neighborhood. On top   potholes, cracks and or uneven areas,  streets looks like a war zone. Do you have or plans for  street soon?
There are potholes up and down Clairemont Mesa Blvd in  Tierrasanta area.  I feel as if I'm f-roading when I drive down  street and we can't drive to  far left or  far right anymore going east because  whole road is bad.  PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT THESE ROADS!!!
Multiple potholes
Pothole in far left lane.
Huge pothole right in front   bus stop which keeps forming and needs to be filled
Asphalt has receded from  gutter and driveway creating a dangerous trip hazard.
Southbound right lane between Ollo Ave and entrance to Target (but pretty close to Ollo Ave)
re is a huge pot hole when you ex hawthorne from  5 freeway.  is located under  bridge, just before  first stop stop light


SEVERAL POTHOLES
DIVET IN ALLEY 3" HIGH MIDDLE OF ALLEY IN FRONT OF GARAGE HAS CAUSED DAMAGE TO HER TIRES
Genesee, from Cardinal Rd to Linda Vista (both directions), is in absolutely terrible condion due to  MANY potholes and large chunks missing from  road. This causes cars to serve back and forth to avoid  obstacles in ir lane.  also creates  very real possibily that one's suspension or tires may give out due to  extreme nature   holes in  road. This demands immediate attention. Thank you.
SEVERAL BAD POTHOLES

PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE IN THE STREET AT THE ADDRESS
Right near  intersection  Madrigal on Andorra Way. You h  when you turn right f  Madrigal onto Andorra Way (south).
Deep pothole in Northbound Lane.  Hard to avoid
Deep pothole in Northbound Lane.  Hard to avoid
Deep pothole in Northbound Lane.  Hard to avoid
Deep pothole in Northbound Lane.  Hard to avoid
Deep pothole in Northbound Lane.  Hard to avoid
Deep pothole in Northbound Lane.  Hard to avoid
Hi re is a pothole on jellet st between arnott. St and grandview st in  middle   street. Also anor pothole at  stop sign. West side on jellet at arnott. Thank you
Hi. There is a pothole on erie st at milton st. s on  north side on milton on erie in south bound lane at  stop sign. Thank you
Multiple potholes both sides Avati Drive, 92117,  entire length,  which is two long blocks.  Rumor has  that Avati will be repaved "soon", but nobody knows if soon means " year".  4114 Avati Drive is just an accumulation   worst.
SEVERAL POTHOLES AND CRACKS ON HOLLISTER
ON MONUMENT TO DAIRY MART
Pothole for several weeks at 8629 Frobisher Street

Resident concerns about poor AC street condions at  Norast corner  Garnet Ave & Cass St near Chase bank which has not been repaired for years. No recent construction activies in  area.Please get back to  resident - Paul at number 619.218.8303
POTHOLES FROM SPRINGHURST  W/B TO FREEWAY
There are two giant pot holes, people swerve to avoid m and are almost causing accidents because   pot holes.
This street is extremely bad and needs to be repaired right away.
Big hole.
Pothole
Multiple 4 inch deep, jarring potholes caused by LH Woods and sons construction. They have blocked one lane, forcing traffic to h  potholes or swerve between  turn pocket and concrete median to avoid. Eastbound clairemont mesa blvd is covered in se for 3/4  a mile.
Anor set  potholes caused by LH Woods and sons construction.Eastbound clairemont mesa blvd, left hand lane. There are many more on  stretch  road because   company.
Numerous potholes, cracks and irregular pavement make northbound street on south side  Navajo road near  signal rougher than a bad dirt road.   has been  way for far too many years.  How is  that se condions go unnoticed by Services?
The whole 25th street needs repair due to overwhelming potholes and large cracks on road been like  for years so I do believe 's time to do some major repairs   road..I'm tired  my vehicle going through such bad roads as  will damage your tires and alignment!!!
NORTHBOUND GENESEE SOUTH OF GOVERNOR
DEEP POTHOLES BAD POTHOLES
Pot hole about a foot wide and a few inches deep just passed  Whman and 41st street intersection in  northbound lane.

Pothole growing larger...several whin two blocks
Deep pothole in  southbound #1 lane  Fairmount Ave directly under  Interstate 8 overcrossing.
Barnard St is full  potholes. When will  be repaved?
Please repave Washington Street from at least  163 framp to 5th Ave.  s full  pot holes, breaks in pavement and large bumps.
Deep pot hole in right lane East bound
Potholes eastbound lane  Gold Coast Drive near Camino Ruiz.
Potholes
Potholes
This is third request to address PIT on Stalmer Street heading west;  sand bag placed in  p is not cutting . Fell in to  p a 3rd time wh a BANG! Alarmed kids. This PIT needs priory! Very concern  is impacting my new car.
Going NE on Laurel, right before you reach State Street, large pothole.
Wb near parking lot ex
Large pot hole on far left lane under i5 freeway bridge.
Pot hole left lane north bound
Large pothole in  inside lane  east bound Del Mar heights rd.
There are numerous large potholes on Poblado Road between Libertad and Tablero Court
Potholes in alley between Moraga and Pocahontas
In center  intersection
The potholes are on  steep downhill section  eastbound Valeta Street.
Huge potholes on hawthorn street.Under  5-freeway overpass.
Pothole in intersection  Carmel Mountain Road and Amberglades
Big pothole going westbound on Aero Dr oppose  address
Going westbound re is a pothole oppose  address on Aero Dr next to  hotel
Going EAST on Aero Dr re is a pothole oppose  address. Reported several times
On Beech Street where  meets  railroad tracks re is a hole about 2 feet in length and 6 inches wide along  track.
Pothole every where start from corner  poplar st / columbine st to corner  columbine st / quince drive. Columbine street need a lot  help.
Large pothole westbound side  Hawthorne
Under bridge College avenue and highway. 94.
On park just north  upas
Huge Pothole on inside lane going up hill on genesse close to governor dr
Nearly undriveable
Pothole

Countless deep and wide potholes on Balboa Park Drive between Upas an Quince. Serious risk to bicycle riders.
Just north  Fire Alarm Station
Summary: Road bed is hollowing out beneath asphalt surface.Location: Carmel Valley Rd, at  intersection wh  I-5 on-ramp, in  #1 East-bound lane, ~10ft before  intersection.Description: ~6 inch hole has appeared in  middle   1st lane. The hole is  deep and appears to be hollowed out underneath  road surface.  looks like water from winter storms has been flowing into  hole & has been eroding  road bed material. Depression in  asphalt around  hole suggest that  road surface could collapse & make  hole significantly larger.
Potholes bumps ruts uneven pavement
Ruts bumps uneven pavement
Pot hole left far west side  intersection
Multiple potholes
Pothole north Genesee before governor on left lane.
Pothole
20 x 15 section in  intersection full  potholes
Located at  5 north freeway ex at Hawthorn into downtown in far left lane
northbound left lane.  large enough to cause a motorcycle to go down.
POTHOLE
On side  street going towards La Jolla scenic
DEEP POTHOLE
Streets are filled wh hundreds  cracks and potholes. The side   road has dead shrubs, and pulling into  street is an eye sore. The area needs a complete revamp.
Job was closed but pot holes were not taken care . Please fix asap .
The street   entrance to  neighborhood is terrible,  is uneven, bumpy, re are potholes and  appearance is also terrible.  has been in  condion for at least a decade. The or side   street is not in bad shape, and Bird Rock avenue has also been repaired and black topped. There is also a safety issue wh , because  part   road is  access to  Four Seasons Retirement Home, and EMT vehicles need to travel over , and drive patients over , and  drive is bumpy so y need to drive slower to keep  patients safe.  is not a super long stretch, only about 180 feet or so.
potholes all on her street  ,  very upset
N/B GENESEE BETWEEN  RADCLIFF & GOVERNOR
large pothole in front  address
large potholes street may need to be slurry sealed
In front  6611 Archwood Ave and anor one in front 6631 Archwood Ave.
Large pothole
30+ potholes along 28th street starting at L street all  way to Island.
Pothole on northbound inside lane  Genessee. Covers almost half  lane.
Deep pot hole
Pot hole
They just replaced  road and now we have a hole in front.   They filled a hole and did not fill  properly so now we have a hole.  Just finished  street  Monday.  Need some qualy control out here
There are 3 potholes on 69th St between Saranac & Mandalay that have been re for over 3 months and have been previously reported, one is getting larger.
The previous pothole filler is sinking, like a pipe broke underneath. 's in  middle lane   North bound lanes right as you cris  intersection.
1010 & 1018 Thomas potholes west bound north lane
Multiple areas between Miramar Road and Carroll Road on Camino Santa Fe wh potholes, cracked asphalt and bumpy patches  asphalt needing repair.  Have to dodge se areas when driving on Camino Santa Fe.
Large pot hole. Very dangerous.
Deep pothole on southbound side  fairmount.
Large pothole and debris in  middle   intersection  Carmel Mountain Rd. and Amberglades Ln
Potholes in  intersection.
Huge Pot hole
Even bigger pot hole
Anor pot hole on Dwight.    This street is a mess!
Mutliple potholes poor infrastructure-in dire need  re-do  has been like  for at least 4 years
WB CMB Middle lane
WB CMB Middle lane near Nissan dealer
WB CMB left turn lane near Mercury intersection
Several potholes  at  SE area  CMB and  Convoy Intersection.
WB CMB right lane near 99 ranch Mkt
WB CMB  right lane just past SB 805 on ramp
EB CMB right lane at  curb next to  Bus stop.  Near Ruffin Rd corner.
Starting
Potholes located inside each large whe painted arrow in  northbound lane  Pershing, just before 26th Street
Pothole

Pothole
Pothole
A pothole is rapidly developing in front   residence at 7850 Burlington Way in Mira Mesa (92126).
Pothole affecting  left Westbound lane
The large pot hole is under  Fairmount Ave. overpass on Aldine Dr., in  direction towards Talmage (not Kensington).  In  daylight  pothole is not very visible by drivers until you run  over/h  because  is dark under  overpass. The pot hole is near  inside   lane closer to  double yellow lines.
Many cracks on street snd potholes, difficult street for wheelchair
The bridge from fwy 5 to Pershing almost when  gets to pershings has a huge pothole on  direction arrow. I reported  before and nothing was done. Now is bigger
Few potholes, one pretty big
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
There are many pot holes on  street from La Jolla Mesa to  middle   street.
Very bumpy and pot holes. From universy  to  hill is very very bumpy and  has been  way for a couple  years.  Please follow up on  and fix  street.
Bump
Giant pothole in  left lane
Multiple potholes on Balboa Drive between Upas Street and Redwood St in Balboa Park in  right side lane going south towards El Prado
2  patched up pot holes that opened up during recent rain storm. Large enough to cause damage. On 5 south onramp from 1st street.
Very large pothole in far left lane, just east  prior patchwork.
Large pothole adjacent to curb on southwest corner  intersection next to curb.  6-8 inches deep, hard to miss while making a right turn.
Pothole
Who knew California had s own Grand Canyon....in  alley where I live...
A row  potholes in  left lane
Deep pothole on Genesee, heading north in  left lane.
There is a series  pot holes just west  Harbor Drive on Cesar E Chavez Pkwy. Twi  m could seriously damage vehicles. These potholes are next to Restaurant Depot. They are causing traffic to sway and creates a dangerous suation
In front  CaseyGerry.
Street seems to be falling apart
large pothole
EUCLID  AVE FROM UNIVERSITY AVE TO THORN ST SHOULD BE REPAVED. EUCLID AVE IN THIS AREA IS VERY VERY BUMPY AND CRACKS.  EUCLID AVE IN THIS ARE IS VERY VERY CLOSE TO BE A OFF ROAD STREET.  PLEASE LOOK INTO THIS STREET. i HAVE  BEEN DRIVING ON THIS STREET FOR MANY MANY YEARS AND HAS SLOWLY GOTTEN WORSE.
Multiple potholes in  center  Knoxie street near  middle   block.
W/B ON HAWTHORN    BAD POTHOLE UNDER   THE I-5
Pothole at Poe & Chatsworth, on westboumd Chastworth.
Pothole on northbound 52nd street near  driveway entrance to 5211 Universy Ave (law fice) Hole is in  square patch in  street.
The alley for 3200 Apache Ave is filled wh large pot holes. People are filling m wh dirt rocks ect so we can get to our garages.
This is just more photos   alley behind 3200 Apache Ave pot holes

2 potholes on NB side  street
LARGE POTHOLE AT EL CAJON BL AND UTAH ST
Large pothole near bus stop
Giant pothole forming
Large pothole covering almost  entire lane   2nd lane  Northbound Genesee Avenue just south  Governor Drive and  shopping center. You cannot avoid  if re is traffic and you do not see  in advance.
POTHOLE
2 x 2 ft pothole in crosswalk on Balboa eastbound right lane next to Del Taco
POT HOLE NEXT TO STOP SIGN
There are a number  potholes on Stalmer Street between Linda Vista Road and Ashford Street.  High Traffic Area.
Massive cracks and pothole all along Clairemont mesa blvd from convoy to  805
many potholes

There's a lot  traffic on Cardeno and  pothole is getting bigger and deeper. Please fix  for us! I don't feel safe taking a photo because   busy street. Thank you! Nancy Smh
Big pothole at water main cover on mission blvd between cohasset and capistrano.  See image for exact location.
Pothole forming on N.Jetty and mission blvd.  See image attached.   was filled in a couple  months ago, but 's forming again. See image attached for exact location.
Hazard
Heading east on Friars and turning left on to Frazee  road on Friars has several potholes.  See image attached.
Recently Streseman St was resurfaced.    bottom   driveway at 5768 Stresemann,  asphalt is bunched and pted.  ?Perhaps a heavy vehicle ran over  street before  new topping was dry?  Thank you.
Pothole , southbound, mission gorge rd, Fairmount ave. DIRECTLY UNDER THE 8FWY BRIDGE. VERY DEEP POTHOLE. THIS IS MY THIRD REQUEST ON THIS POTHOLE!!! PLEASE FIX THIS!
Various potholes
Various potholes
POTHOLE
Various potholes
Sunken patch
Sunken road
Roots
Sunken patch
Sunken patch
Sunken patch
Sunken patch
Potholes in  westbound #1 lane in  8750-8889 block  Rio San Diego Dr.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
2 potholes along left edge  left lane on eastbound RB road  just prior to  northbound I-15 ex ramp traffic signal/intersection
POTHOLE
When do  get fixed. WHEN
Huge pothole on northbound Genesee in  left lane..very deep
pot hole n/w corner

Pothole sw corner
POTHOLES FROM INTERSECTION ALL THE WAY TO FWY 163 BOTH DIRECTIONS
S/B  AS  YOU COME OFF THE I-5 OFF RAMP IT CURVES .. BUT ITS  ON PERSHING  DR  BAD DEEP POTHOLES BEFORE FLORIDA  INSIDE THE WHITE ARROW
Massive pothole directly on painted arrow.
Many potholes at intersection  broadway and 30th. Traffic swerves to avoid making turns dangerous.
Massive pot hole damages car rips tires to shreds
lots  pothole on  north bound side  road headed up  hill from  Adolphia st corner on Black Mountain Rd

Pothole for several weeks at 9034 Woodlawn Drive, San Diego, CA, 92126
Large pothole in  left lane, northbound on Genessee just south  Governor.
Potholes in both directions in  8100 block  Balboa Ave.
Pothole in  southbound #2 lane in  4400 block  Mercury St.
Potholes in both directions in  4100-4399 blocks  Kearny Mesa Rd.
Potholes in both directions in  7800-8099 blocks  Ollo Ave.
Lots  potholes on Regents
There's a large pothole on Cass and Garnet in front   Chase Bank. The pothole is very deep and is causing car damage when driving over.  is in  cross walk   intersection. Thank you so much for your attention
Pot hole on Parkbrook Lane and Parkbrook Street section. Two months ago repairs were made on only one side   street.  The or side now has large gravel pieces scattered around.
Breaking apart more wh every car
Many large potholes along Armstrong St between  Kearny Mesa Recreation Pool and  Marine Corps Reserves. The potholes are large enough that cars need to swerve out   way to prevent tire damage. There are at least half a dozen potholes around two feet wide.
Numerous pothole on street
Numerous potholes along  road
Pothole when turning south on Ruffner
street signs went up mon may 15, 2017 that work was going on from tues  May 16-Fri May 19....Everyone had to remove cars....THIS WED...SIGNS WERE REMOVED AND NO WORK WAS DONE!!!!! WHAT THE !!!! IS GOING ON??????????????TO HAVE EVERYONE MOVE CARS FOR TWO DAYS AND NOOOOOOOOOOOO WORK HAPPENED!!!!!
Right in cross walk a nice pothole a lady all ready FELL twisted her ankle...and  street light does not work on  north west corner.
Big pothole plus more furr towards Genesee still on Marlesta.
Large pothole spanning half  norrn most lane on eastbound Nobel. Pothole is getting larger and larger as more traffic passes over .
Pothole on northbound 1st.
P/HS ALONG BOULDER LAKE FRM NAVAJO
A bump in  road is getting bigger and bigger each day. The rest   road has potholes and bumps all over,  road is terrible
Pothole is in  northbound lane #1 at  dip in  roadway.  develops every time  rains. Permanent fix is needed to avoid  need for repeated temporary repairs.
Pothole on Market St, heading westbound from State Street.
On fairmont, under  overpass. Left lane, southbound.
On Aldine, under  fairmont overpass.
Going eastbound in number 1 lane, pothole has reappeared.
SE corner  ruffner & daggert st.
6Th Notice, you fixed  potholes going East on Stalker street BUT you did not fix  pothole in front  7620. Please fix  pothole. Someone in  Neighborhood has been putting sandbags in  hole. Thank you  hole is 9 inches deep.
Large pots holes under  over pass getting on ramp for 8 East. (Going south on Mission Gorge)
4 inches deep at least 2 foot long
Huge pothole and large cracks around . There is a ramp like on one side so traffic in both directions use to avoid pothole and cracks. There's been severa times where I came close to running into anor car because   problem. Honestly  whole street is damaged and needs repair.
Huge pothole and large cracks around . There is a ramp like on one side so traffic in both directions use to avoid pothole and cracks. There's been severa times where I came close to running into anor car because   problem. Honestly  whole street is damaged and needs repair.
Huge pothole and large cracks around . There is a ramp like on one side so traffic in both directions use to avoid pothole and cracks. There's been severa times where I came close to running into anor car because   problem. Honestly  whole street is damaged and needs repair.
Huge pothole and large cracks around . There is a ramp like on one side so traffic in both directions use to avoid pothole and cracks. There's been severa times where I came close to running into anor car because   problem. Honestly  whole street is damaged and needs repair.
BIG POTHOLES,Poway rd
Huge pothole and large cracks around . There is a ramp like on one side so traffic in both directions use to avoid pothole and cracks. There's been severa times where I came close to running into anor car because   problem. Honestly  whole street is damaged and needs repair.
Large upheaval  asphalt in middle  street.
Huge pothole. There is a warning traffic sign over . Also,  Corner has blind spots. Traffic going up and down chamoune is fast and coming out  redwood is difficult.  Been wnessed to many close calls including myself. Stop sign maybe needed
Huge pot hole at least 2 feet in width and fairly deep. People are having to swerve around, not safe.
asphalt sticking up 6"
Pothole at turn lane
Around manhole cover a large chunk  asphalt has come out.
This street near  7-11 store running all  way to Navajo; San Carlos Drive ; and Lake habaska on  or side  Lake Murray Blvd, are terribly cracked and falling apart.
LARGE POTHOLE #2 LANE, ON 11TH!
Asphalt potholes 4998  & 5002  Gennessee  South Bound  West lane
Asphalt potholes  2075 Balboa Ave  block East Bound  South lane
Asphalt potholes   5570  East Bound Balboa Arms
22 asphalt potholes 5960 Balboa Arms Drive westbound lane
Asphalt potholes    SouthEast Bound Gennessee  North lane  just East  Osler
Huge pothole at  entrance  food truck parking lot. Trucks are getting stuck and bottoming out.
Huge pothole at  entrance  food truck parking lot. Trucks are getting stuck and bottoming out.
Huge pothole at  entrance  food truck parking lot. Trucks are getting stuck and bottoming out.
Potholes along right hand side  right lane
PLEASE, can some PLEASE FIX THIS DARN ROAD? 's tearing apart my tires and shocks. 2 alignments have already been done and if i h one more pothole I'll contact a lawyer!!!
Both Balboa lanes east  Mercury have potholes. One is in  left turn lane  Balboa when turning left onto Mercury. The ors are at  corner  Mercury & Balboa when turning right and n a huge pothole in  middle lane  Balboa heading East.
Pothole Pavement disintegrating
Pothole
POTHOLES, E/B & W/B LEFT LANE
EB Avati centerline just before Huerfano intersection
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION.
This pothole is in  intersection  Mission Bay Drive and Bluffside Avenue.  Very deep.
large pothole on Hawthorn, in  far left hand lane, just under  overpass.
SB lane
Potholes on West Genesee exist from  163. Many potholes on  street towards Linda Vista.
All  our neighborhood streets have been mutilated due to water pipe replacement. 's like driving in a third world country in Hillcrest. Universy ave between 6th and Texas and Robinson (basically  whole length) have been destroyed. Please coordinate wh  Water Duvision  San Diego public works to systematically repair and resurface streets where y have finished ir work.
E/B FRIARS MAKING A RIGHT TURN ONTO FRAZEE,  RIGHT TURNING LANE
Pothole in number 1 Southbound Fairmount Ave. lane underneath I-8
Pothole in number one lane  westbound Montezuma, immediately west  Campanile
Pothole
The bottom section  Keen Drive DESPERATELY needs Resurfacing & Slurry service.  I have asked repeatedly for  potholes to be repaired properly but instead, y get a band-aid... poorly filled, wh no undercut done to help  patch stay put longer.  Very poor qualy that, whin a week  potholes are back.  I have lived here all my life and can't remember  last time Keen Drive has been resurfaced but  needs to be noted that streets on eir side  us have been done, yet Keen, unfortunately, has become a main road for emergency vehicles and ten trucks considered to be too large for residential streets.  Please, please, please fix .  People go flying up our street (I have asked for speed bumps and been told can't been done on a hill.... not so, I've seen  in or areas), ten throwing chunks  asphault out   potholes.  Someone is going to get hurt or ir vehicle damaged wh se large chunks flying.  There is now 6 large potholes just on  portion   street alone.   shouldn't be  way.  Again, I have lived in my home all my life, I take pride in my home and neighborhood, pay my taxes, please, please, please fix se holes right.
Huge pothole under Bridge. Far south lane
Asphalt potholes    East Bound  Grand avenue  in intersections   Fanuel & also Gresham & also Haines
Large pothole on Broadway just east  traffic light at 30th--just south  condo construction on corner. Driven over  several times and my car is sad.
Big pothole
POTHOLE
Pothole--not repaired!   When will  be repaired.  This is a bad one, and a poor repair job was done previously.   Thank you.
The pothole is on  east side corner   traffic light.
Many potholes in right lane
Pothole next to stop sign

Pothole at corner  Cardiff and skyline 92114. Second request
Pothole
Potholes and. Cracks on street
Directly infront  fancy light post at intersection  Meade and 44th
3 very deep potholes need to be fixed.
Two large potholes right before  train tracks at 4 way intersection. Both potholes are 6-8 inches deep wh a radius  3 feet. Can't avoid  because  location  pothole, dangerous and can cause severe car damage
Pothole
POT HOLES!!!
on  corner  Greene St. and Mendocino in Ocean Beach
Asphalt potholes     5188 Balboa Arms Drive    West Bound
Asphalt pothole 4104 Gresham  South Bound
Inadequate previous repairs have come apart and now  area needs an overhaul as potholes (PLURAL) reaching to  concrete has formed. Same wh  next block west on Date.  PLEASE REPAIR THIS BICYCLE and automobile hazard!
Two multi-inch deep potholes, westbound lane.  BICYCLING HAZARD.
I JUST HIT A POTHOLE AND BOTTOMED OUT.  IF MY CAR IS DAMAGED, I WILL SUE.WOULD BE NICE IF OUR STREETS WERE FIXED.FALCONER IS JUST AS BAD AS THE REST OF THE RATS.I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHEN REPAIRS WILL BE DONE. BEAGLE AT ASHFORD BY STOPLIGHT ricknviv@att.net
See picture. This pothole has gotten increasingly worse over  past couple weeks.
Intersection  Landis & Boundary is self one large pothole -  asphalt has dissolved. LANDIS NEEDS REPAVING FROM 32nd TO NILE. THIS STRETCH OF STREET IS A HAZARD TO BICYCLISTS and is outstanding in  way that  asphalt has dissolved into a mess  ruts pothole and resultant gravel.
Significant bumps and holes at  intersection  W. Point Loma Blvd and Groton St


Major bumps have formed in right hand lane  Midway at bus stop
Multiple and growing potholes at intersection  Midway & Wing St.
Pretty large one
Potholes throughout Rancho Carmel Drive.  We were informed work would beginning in May.  Still no progress. Disappointed.
POTHOLE UNDER BRIDGE ON FAR LEFT LANE
HAWTHORNE, NEAREST CROSS STREET IS STATE.  LOCATED IN FAR LEFT LANE UNDER I-5 BRIDGE.
The right hand lane in Southbound Genesee Ave, about 30 yards south  Mt Alifan Dr, has a very deep pothole and was previously reported over 4 weeks ago on  webse and has not been repaired
Several potholes on westbound Stalmer St between Linda Vista Rd and Ashford Street.
Pothole in  intersection
Whole side   road left damaged. Peopleare driving on  wrong side   road because  .
POTHOLES CAUSING DRIVERS TO SWERVE
Pot hole corner by stop sign on idaho
Pothole
Two large pothole  on Avenida Venusto.  One near Calle Vivenda and  or Overlook at Bernardo Heights Apartments main driveway.
There is a deep pothole near  entrance   Tierra Del Sol neighborhood.  is located on  right-hand side   street going down  hill.
Large pot hole left lane north bound Genesse before  light (just south  Governor).
Up to four inches in depth on Stalmer in  7600 and 7700 blocks.  repairs were made a couple weeks ago but se were missed.
Large pothole. Cars cross over  yellow line to avoid.
POTHOLE
There are a few large potholes in  eastbound side   road, right in front  8639 Gold Coast Dr and 8647 Gold Coast Dr.
Bad pot holes and torn up asphalt!
Numerous potholes along entire street from Bernardo Ctr. Dr. west to Camino San Bernardo
pothole along crosswalk path
Lots  holes
Hole that is in  street... shaped somewhat like a pot
Multiple small holes
Pot holes approx 4 on  street
Pothole in westbound left lane
Two foot diameter, located 25 feet north  Laurel on First Avenue's northbound lane.
Pershing Drive f-ramp from I-5 southbound: As you take  ex,  ramp goes over I-5.  Just after that, re are two faded whe arrows painted on  road. There are DEEP potholes on se arrows.Thank you.
Unpaved streets. Potholes
Unpaved streets. Potholes
Huge 4" deep pothole I h wh my Volvo today!!! s Genesee ave going north just before Govenor Dr. people r swerving in into  or lane. Someone is going to have an accident soon.  Think I hurt my ball joint or tie rod, checking  tone.
Massive potholes causing traffic issues
Large pothole right at intersection  Bluffside and Mission
TWO DEEP POTHOLES AT INTERSECTION
LRG POTHOLE IN MIDDLE OF INTERSECTION CAUSED A CAR CRASH



Large hole in  asphalt
Pot holes up and down area
Many potholes around  have been filled in recent months but  one keeps getting left alone.
Huge pot holes wh rebarb
Genesee
Numerous large pot holes
There's a large pothole on  far left lane, just before State Street.
The entire section  road bt erma rd and affiny ct is chewed up and filled w numerous potholes
Pothole
This handicapped parking space is horrible!
Pothole
Two large dangerous, damaging potholes in front  6461 La Jolla Scenic South.
 sanyo and Otay Mesa Rd deep potholes and deep cracks,  road has been like  for years, please at least fill  dam potholes !
Potholes in intersection
Left northbound lane  Genesee.   South  governor intersection. Cars swerving to avoid deep pothole.
Pothole on Lomica for filling.
Pothole at intersection  Mission and La Jolla Blvd
Large pothole on Division at 58th St. Caused flat tire.
Pot hole getting worse!These streets have been recently resurfaced...
Pot hole in  outside (number 2 lane) southbound lane  Mission Gorge Rd.
Hole near  center   street. A few feet before  curves. Near  orange street poles
Pothole in  middle lane  Camino Del rio north going towards shopping center wh Trader Joe's and Lazy Dog Restaurant. Pothole is right before intersection. Pothole has been here since early April and is growing wider.


Under  bridge near  I8 ramps and heading towards Fairmount South re is a large pothole.   is hard to see because 's dark under  bridge.  The closest business is Mission Valley Honda.


I was at  North Park Art Festival and about twisted my ankle. Please fix !!!
Large pothole at Avenida Venusto and Calle Vivienda.
Pothole in middle  street after  has just been redone by contractor. In  middle  Neale and Pringle St.
large potholes



Where  concrete bridge roadway meets  asphalt roadway.  In  left lane   two southbound lanes.
Deep deep intersection.
From 2100 Genesse  under  bridge pot holes and all  way to Linda vista Rd pot holes left and right.
HUGE PIECE OF CONCRETE STICKING UP IN MID ST/DANGEROUS
This is a deep pothole that will damage wheels and blow out tires.   is unavoidable as  is directly in  inner left turn lane   intersection.   is on same side as ARCO station.
Going north on Genesee Ave, just before Governor Dr, re is an every enlarging pothole in  inside lane, next to  island.   looks like  can do damage to any car that hs .
Fresh pothole in northbound left lane  Genesee Ave shortly before intersection wh Governor Drive. Vons grocery store is to your right if you're driving over .
Dangerous trench in middle  street. What cy perm laws you believe  question mark come on you can do better than 
Are you going to come back and finish  job you started 3 weeks ago?
This street  beagle is one   worst in  cy and is filled wh potholes.Strange how two streets over was paved over twice whin 4 years and did not even need .
Northbound Genesee just south  Governor Dr.  On  far left side.  Pothole has been re a few month and getting bigger.  Chunks  asphalt surrounding.
Pothole where  asphalt changes color. Was filled last week and opened up again.
Many potholes and bumpy asphalt in  northbound lanes  W Washington going under  5.
Pothole on recently resurfaced street
Horrible Pot Holes at  Hawthorn Ex coming f   5 North Free Way and right in to Ltle aly! Right before Columbia Street!
Two deep holes
Potholes
Major multiple potholes all along paseo montril until Cijon Street. There are so many that y cannot be avoided while driving. My car is sustaining damage on tires. Please repair as soon as Possible. Thank you.
Left lane
Pothole in right lane going west on Carmel Mountain, right before Great Meadow.
Pothole
POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
BIG POTHOLE!
The stretch  road between Evening Creek Drive and Carmel Mountain Road needs to be repaved.  The road is in bad condion, and does not look like  has been paved in years.
Large pothole in Fast Lane near median.
Pothole near alley northbound side  street.
Potholes in  intersection  Leon Ave and Hollister St, also more down Hollister to Tocayo Ave.
There are numerous potholes and failed asphalt particularly next to Gage Elementary.
Two large potholes on eastbound Scripps Poway Pkwy in right lane about 750 ft west  Angelique St intersection.
Going north on College Ave, pothole on  right lane. Please repair thank you
Going SOUTH on College Ave, potholes (3  m) on  right lane. Please repair thank you
Pothole on  left lane right pass  intersection  Montezuma Rd wh 55th St. Oppose  SDSU parking structure
Dirt erupting up from center  street.
Potholes in  eastbound #2 lane in  3800 block  Sports Arena Blvd.
Potholes on  south side   intersection  Sports Arena Blvd and Kemper St.
There is are potholes on Cardeno Drive in between Turquoise Street and Agate Street
Dip in road spotted wh potholes
Potholes
New pothole west bound middle  lanes. more or less.
Numerous potholes at West Pt Loma Bl? transion to Sea World Dr south bound just north   San Diego river bridge. Numerous previous requests. More potholes opening by  week !  Please get on . Thanks !
Numerous NEW potholes south bound lanes opening daily. Pls fill ASAP. Thanks !
There was a pothole still not fixed, near  previous pothole that was fixed near  intersection  Narwah st and Grissom st (near 727 grissom st)
Large deep new pothole left lane approx in  approx location north bound left land Rosecrans St
several Large potholes
There is a large pothole in north most lane on Mira Mesa Blvd. I drove on one evening. I could not see  in  dark and was unable to avoid . I am concerned  has caused damage to my car and ors' cars.

There are many potholes throughout  alley between 33rd and Bancrt St and Madison and Monroe Ave. Specially?,  potholes  nearby Madison Ave. become larger and deeper filled  undrained water. Those potholes can be dangerous to drive through.
major pot hole in middle   street, almost fell on ground ground walking across  street getting out  car
Southwest area  intersection, northbound lane. What a mess. Several connected potholes, dissolving asphalt, and gravel -  area is much like a dirt road in Tijuana and only one block long - HAZARD FOR BICYCLISTS.  PLEASE FIX ASAP! THXXX
West & east areas  intersection. What a mess. Several connected potholes, dissolving asphalt, and gravel - each intersection  LANDIS St is like  - HAZARD FOR BICYCLISTS.  PLEASE FIX ASAP! THXXX
Several connected potholes that are getting worse wh neglect - North/south sections   intersection!! - HAZARD FOR BICYCLISTS.  PLEASE FIX ASAP! THXXX
West area  intersection  Several connected & growing potholes, dissolving asphalt, and gravel = GETTING WORSE - HAZARD FOR BICYCLISTS.  PLEASE FIX ASAP! THXXX
Pothole on street
Multiple deep potholes near stop sign southbound lane  33rd. HAZARD FOR PEDESTRIANS..This area has poor drainage when  rains, so weakens  asphalt - please repair  new damage and  previous repairs.  THANKS!
Pothole on street and cracked street
Potholes and cracked street
Pothole on street
TWO DEEP POTHOLES in street.  HAZARD TO CYCLISTS, PEDESTRIANS & VEHICLES! These are growing - please fix before y swallow up a child!!  THANKS!!
DEEP POTHOLE in street.  HAZARD TO CYCLISTS, PEDESTRIANS & VEHICLES! This one is growing - please fix before y swallow up a child!!  THANKS!!
TWO DEEP POTHOLES in street.  HAZARD TO CYCLISTS, PEDESTRIANS & VEHICLES! These are growing - please fix before y swallow up a child!!  THANKS!!
TWO DEEP POTHOLES in  BUSY street.  HAZARD TO CYCLISTS, PEDESTRIANS & VEHICLES! These are growing - please fix before y swallow up a small elephant!!  THANKS!!
2 potholes
They just resurfaced menkar and re is a sinkhole developing
Right before 805 North ramp entrance on imperial blvd.  large pothole
Deep pot hole
BIG POTHOLE N/B GENESEE JUST SOUTH OF GOVERNOR
There are two very big potholes on  intersection  Pacific Beach Drive and Ingraham Street. They are VERY big and DANGEROUS for bicyclists!
There is a GIANT pothole on Ingraham and Reed.  has been re for MONTHS.  looks VERY DANGEROUS for bicyclists and motorcyclists.
Large pothole on far left lane underneath overpass. Dangerous for motorcycles, difficult to see coming.
Pothole at intersection  Pomerado and Stone Canyon roads needs filling.
Pothole
Heading North on Genessee in left hand lane just before Governir Drive
We have se pot holes all over our naborhood time to fix m as cars are getting alinement problems.
Southbound Fairmount, left lane, directly under  I-8 overpass. Ruined my rim and tire. Very dimly l day or night!
Asphalt eroded near driveway
POTHOLE AT NORTH PART OF INTERSECTION
w/b #2 lane   pot hole
Pothole in middle  intersection
There are numerous potholes on Wing St. and Midway and also on Kenyon St. and Wing St. They continue to grow in size after every rain storm.
east bound Navajo Rd., inside lane as you pass  intersection  Lake Murray.Can't miss , large indentation ( has been patched before, but not fixed permanently).
east bound Navajo Rd., inside lane at signal light before you pass under 125 freeway. Large hole that has been patched, but not permanently fixed.
The area stretching from  curb into  street, about 3 feet, is damaged and needs repair. The surface is uneven and asphalt is absent from  edge   street in a few spots at  location.
POTHOLES
S-bound Park: 2 med potholes: 1 N  Pres Wy, 1 S.
Asphalt pothole  4217 South Bound  Gresham
Huge pothole wh big rocks flaked f making a huge mess.All  Avenida Venusto is a nightmare wh numerous potholes.Please redo  whole street. I have been complaining about  for a while now.
SB lane at 5296 Soledad rd
Pothole
Big pothole on  right lane going south/west on Pershing

West bound left lane several pot holes. From Spring Brook to Creekview Drive.
s on Genesee Avenue going north on  left lane.This pothole has not been fix and 's been like  for a month.
LRG POTHOLE JUST WEST OF 125 FWY ON NAVAJO
ENTIRE RD (BOULDER LAKE AV.) ALL THE WAY TO COWLES MTN BLV FULL OF POTHOLES.
Large pothole hazard for cyclists and motorists.
On  corner in  middle   street.Ground is crumbling beneath my feet.
Need to repair path hole urgently

The road is terrible
The road is terrible.
Big pothole
The concrete is collapsing into self. Looks like  beginning  a sink hole pleas fix ASAP
Pothole in right lane as you make a right onto Vista Sorrento Pkwy from Camel Mountain Rd.
Pothole
There are developing pot holes in front  763 Cerro Gordo Ave.Addionally, re are developing potholes on  intersection  Cerro Gordo Ave and Treat St.
Ally continues to sink from sewage line replacement.  Large section running behind 4070 Kansas St sinking and sections  concrete jetting up.
Several potholes
Test - Vishnu
Corner  Fairmount and ecb, grabs motorcycle and bicycle tires
Pothole in Camino Ruiz crossing.

Potholes in  westbound #2 lane in  500 block  Washington St.
Potholes in  eastbound #1 lane in  800 block  West Washington St.
Potholes and damaged asphalt
Potholes and damaged asphalt
Damaged and raised asphalt on WB Washington in  8Th Ave intersection.  Cars are swerving onto to 8th to avoid  raised and tire damaging patch  asphalt.
Pothole on left lane approaching Governor
MULTIPLE POTHOLES BOTH DIRECTIONS ON GARDENIA
Oothole
Lots  potholes!
LARGE POTHOLE (DEPRESSION AREA)
POTHOLES  JUST WEST OF INTERSECTION
2 potholes on Bernardo Center Drive going south, just passed Rancho Bernardo Road.
Potholes and rough pavement all along Marlesta!!
TWO POTHOLES ONAT 5134 REYNOLDS AND THE OTHER AT 5144 REYNOLDS







All along Robinson Avenue from Park Boulevard all  way to seventh Avenue along trenches which were poorly filled
This pothole has been deepening for  past couple  weeks.  disrupts traffic and causes vehicles to swerve into oncoming traffic in order to avoid  pothole.
Potholes
Large pot hole First & laurel.
Potholes
Potholes
Asphalt pothole   1001 East Bound Garnet  immediately past Cass
Asphalt potholes  full width  Gresham very end - South end  along Graham Street  -  full width  dip falling apart after last rain
Several pot holes on  street at  location.
There are significant number  pot holes on both South and Northbound lanes   Pomerado Road stating from Highland south to Ranch Bernardo road
BAD POTHOLE
Huge pot holes at stop sign on family circle and Linda vista rd
VERY LARGE POTHOLE AT ENTRANCE TO COMPLEX
Pothole
Huge pot hole
Large pothole Genesee Ave, northbound just south  Governor drive, left lane
POTHOLE STILL NOT FIXED. Today I saw a dog fall out  a truck window because y h  sink hole. Someone is going to get hurt very bad. Not sure why y marked my or request closed y still have not fixed . Just added whe paint
Very many potholes
Large pothole that needs repairing. Becoming a safety hazard. Drivers observed dodging  as  is directly inline wh tires/wheels.
In  right turn lane towards highway 52 east, re are multiple unavoidable spls or heaves in  road that are very hard on vehicles. They are bad enough that folks swerve around m, adding to  hazard. This is on santo road, not  freeway on-ramp.
s hard to avoid  pothole when making a left turn. Please fix
Pothole
There is a huge crater size pothole if you go up Genesee Ave, right after passing Radcliffe but before you reach Governor Drive. 's in  left lane and look like  will cause severe damage. 's been re for over a month I think but i wanted to report  to get fixed ASAP.
Axle breaking pothole @ rightmost turn
potholes along ollie have not been patched in awhile
Pothole has been reported closed twice already, still no resolution.
Very deep pothole. Can do damage to tires/rims
West bound at crest  hill, large pothole
Deep dip in intersection  Soledad mountain road and north bound lane  La Jolla scenic south, getting deeper
Northbound Soledad mtn rd, pothole getting worse . I have reported  before!
When coming f  8 headed north on college ave, re is a pot hole on  street where you turn left to get near  parking lot for sdsu staff. 's at  entrance   intersection. 's huge. Fix . You won't miss .
Heading North on Genesee  pothole is 3/4th   left lane before you get to Govoner.  's a huge pothole and  has been re for weeks.
DEPRESSION IN AREA RIGHT IN FRONT OF DRIVEWAY
Hi. I moved to San Diego County (Vista) almost 3 years ago from OC.  I used to ride to work on my bike at least half  time up re thanks to a great network  f-road paths.  I haven?t been doing  since I moved here because   increased commute distance (27 miles each way to Qualcomm), many hills, and lack  f-road trails and having to cross several freeway entrances and exs.  I?ve finally started doing  two days per week for  last month.  I?ve found a somewhat reasonable route, mostly along 101.  However, after I cut inland at Carmel Valley Rd, things go downhill ? and not in a good way J    Sorrento Valley Rd, both ways between Carmel Mountain Rd and  a b south  Sorrento Valley Blvd, is about  worst road I?ve ever ridden on.  The bike lanes contain dozens  dangerously negligent patches that have almost thrown me f my bike several times.  The only reason I haven?t destroyed my wheels/tires is that I have a beach-cruiser style bike wh huge tires.  Even riding in  auto lane, when possible, is a constant effort to zig-zag around patches sticking up or large cracks and holes. I tried to look up  construction and maintenance history for  stretch  road and found  document: https://www.sandiego.gov/ses/default/files/asphalt_overlay_history_20161201.pdf  appears that  road has had no work done in over 15 years and most   has been untouched for 25 to 35 years! SEGMENT   STREET   FROM      TO                               ACTIVITY              DATE       CLASSIFICATIONSS?025263 SORRENTO VALLEY RD INDUSTRIAL CT CARMEL MTN RD      AC ? AC Overlay         9/4/1992  MajorSS?025264 SORRENTO VALLEY RD TRIPP CT INDUSTRIAL CT           AC ? AC Overlay         9/4/1992  MajorSS?025265 SORRENTO VALLEY RD                                  Original Construction  6/1/1977  MajorSS?025266 SORRENTO VALLEY RD CARMEL MTN RD CARMEL VALLEY RD   Original Construction  6/1/1980  CollectorSS?025267 SORRENTO VALLEY RD SORRENTO VALLEY BL TRIPP CT      Original Construction  6/1/1977  MajorSS?025268 SORRENTO VALLEY RD BEGONIA ST SORRENTO VALLEY BL    Original Construction  8/1/1996  MajorSS?025269 SORRENTO VALLEY RD ARBUTUS ST BEGONIA ST            Original Construction  6/1/1983  MajorSS?025270 SORRENTO VALLEY RD I?805 SB ON RA ARBUTUS ST        AC ? AC Overlay         5/7/2002  Major This road is extremely dangerous and  wouldn?t surprise me if re have been much car/bike damage and accidents caused by s condion over  years.  I hope at least one  you can tell me  status  plans to correct  and/or who else I should be contacting about  unsafe road. Regards, David Rogf
NE corner or Idlewild turning left f moraga
several deep potholes on park over I-5  highway
Pothole test - please disregard and not process to SAP
Test - please do not process to SAPGreg Gerhant

Repairs done a week ago. What are you useing. Cause s not working
I was driving down  road and h a pothole which gave me a flat tire and  was so bad I had to get a new tire and be towed to a tire shop
Separation and lifting  asphalt at concrete swale creating a traffic hazard and tire problem
POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
pot hole n/w/c by ramp
Pothole
There is a pothole in Rancho Bernardo located near  intersection  Bernard Center Drive and Rancho Bernardo Road by  Arco Gas Station.
SQUARE SECTION  OF ASPHALT KEEPS MAKING NOISE
Pothole
CALLING PARTY IS STATING POTHOLES ARE OUTLINED IN RED PAINT.
POTHOLES OUTLINED IN RED - REF150000795008
POTHOLE UNDER 163
There is about 4 or 5 potholes in  alley in b/t Nahant and NanatasketHad to get my tire fixed because  m I live here long term My garage is on  alley Thank you
Unfortunately, one that was recently closed is now back open. Looks like  was just covered over and not filled.Located southbound Santo Rd from Clairemont Mesa Blvd toward Serra High School. I think was left lane.
Southbound on Park Ave, about 100-150 ft., north  Presidents Way in  right lane.
Onramp from Park Ave onto 163 Northbound before  meets up wh merging lanes.
re's 2 big sink holes is right in  entrance  my driveway
163 north - f ramp to Friars East by BJs Restaurant, far right lane. Approx 1'x1' and 1' deep.
In  left side   left lane  northbound Genesee Ave re is a pothole measuring 30" x 36" and 2+" deep.  's been re a while and continues to grow.
POTHOLE
Fairmount Ave., north  I-8, up to and including  ex to Aldine, is a series  tons  potholes.  is ridiculous and needs to be resurfaced.
2 potholes.  One after  or.
Several potholes in  intersection area.
Huge pothole just before Caltrans maintenance begins.
Multiple potholes and road debris. Loose pavement. Please fix! Been here a long tine.
Medium sized hole developing in beach bound lane
Pothole developing in middle  intersection.
Pothole, two actually one not in photo
Pothole in westbound lane

2 potholes about a foot wide
More potholes seem to to be developing here in  middle  Monroe
North side  intersection
Potholes between South 39th Street and South 40th Street on Gamma Street. Also street need to be repairs at stop sign  South 39th and Gamma Street
P/H
You guys are gonna fix  pothole reported weeks ago on  right lane heading north on College Ave? Still re after weeks
You guys are gonna fix  pothole reported weeks ago on  right lane heading west on Montezuma Rd oppose  SDSU parking structure? Still re after weeks. Thank you
Alley between 6900 Block  Mohawk street and 6900 block  Saranac street has potholes and one foot deep gully on west end and needs to be filled and re graded.  Previously reported LAST YEAR and filled out report on Get  done app in January,(00140450) and  was closed a few days ago indicating  work was complete when in fact no work was done at all.
2 POTHOLES JUST BEFORE THIS ADDRESS HEADING EASTBOUND
4 POTHOLES AT THE ROUNDABOUT
Can't miss .   Huge pot hole
Looks like sinking area ..hole gets larger daily ..started one week ago.
On 69 th, Between Marlowe and Hannibal Place.Pot hole becoming sink hole...believe  had previous repairs.
Pothole filled temporarily wh dirt
Southbound lane car damaging pot hole
LARGE HUGE POT HOLE JUST BEFORE DRIVEWAY..VERY DANGEROUS CAUSING DAMAGE TO TRUCKS.
Sinkhole developing corner  6th and Hannibal in Rolando Park
Massive pothole, far left lane on eastbound Nobel drive.
Massive potholes in or around intersection. Have seen cars swerving dangerously to avoid multiple big potholes near  busy and dangerous intersection
Very large and sudden deep pothole on  left northbound lane  Genesee Ave that's been re for a month and seems to have more breaking f by  day
Deep pothole in Lane #1 on eastbound Washington St between Pacific Hwy and Hancock
2125 Reed North Alley sewer / manhole depression sinkhole. Cy filled earlier and problem is recurring
Pothole is growing.Now about 3 feet long, 2 feet wide, 6 inches deep.
CHUNK MISSING JUST EAST OF 56 FWY IN THE FAST LANE
Multiple potholesVery dangerous for bike riders.  Street should also include sharrows to promote safe routes to school.
POTHOLE
Heading North on 163 from 11th avenue downtown. I lost my hub cap and ended up having to replace  entire wheel because  was leaking air
Very large and dangerous pothole
POTHOLE
POTHOLE IFO BUS STOP #11642
As  2pm , May 25, 2017,  repair made  morning has FAILED.Sink hole in  new repair.
Jarring pothole.... On sb Kearny Mesa rd
Pothole in lane that heads west (3rd lane)
WB lane. 2 potholes where concrete and asphalt meet.
In straight lane going west
Test - Vishnu
Southbound I-5 on  Pershing Dr. ex (whin  large whe arrow on  road) at  end   ramp but before merging wh traffic coming in from  right side from 19th St. & B street

Between Carmel Mountain Road and Ted Williams Pkwy,  Rancho Carmel Drive needs a major paving fixing potholes and cracks.  's over due for a major fix.  Please do something.  The cy needs to spend money now.  Tell  major to stop talking about saving money for a rainy day.  The rainy days are here.
Bad pothole right by a middle school, hazard to pedestrians too
Hole in asphalt patch
Many potholes !!!
Large deep pothole in #2 lane
Pot hole on Vista Sorrento Parkway as you're turning left on Carmel Mountain road from  5 freeway.

ASPHALT SUNK AND CRACKED. ABOUT 2FT X 1 FT DP

Three pot holes on Mt culebra near balboa street.
You patched  sinkhole  morning around 11am and 's back, but worse!
very bad pothole
Large pothole on southwest corner  intersection
Street sinking and cracking in multiple locations
Large crack/trench in road. Southbound
Ground sinking. Multiple cracks
Ground deteriorating leaving a cluster  potholes
Large hole in ground dangerous for pedestrians
Ground sinking leaving multiple potholes in intersection
Ground sinking. Multiple cracks and potholes
Number one lane westbound in  intersection
Multiple cracks/potholes in ground
Multiple large cracks and potholes
Large trench like cracks in ground
Large trench in ground
POTHOLE THAT WAS FILLED IN YESTERDAY IS SINKING.
Large crack in ground
Huge crack in road. Road also sinking. 5' X 15' sinking section
Large sinking pothole in center  intersection  beryl and mission
Large pothole cracks. Ground is also sinking
40' long strip  potholes and ground sinking
This entire intersection is deteriorating wh potholes and sinking
Ground sinking 6-8" next to sewer hole
Large crack/trench in ground
Assortment  potholes, cracks and sinking
Northwest corner  intersection has a bunch  potholes
Concrete deteriorating
Pot hole at  eastern facing stop sign at PB drive and Lamont st.
Pothole on left side, in intersection
Pothole in left lane near gas station
In  left lane where  turn f joins Balboa, in  broken whe lines.
Major pot hole on Grandee Rd
Major cracks
Large pothole wh a larger section crumbling around  is in front  a home under construction.

DEEP POTHOLE CAN POTENTIALLY DAMAGE VEHICLES.
Hello Cy  San Diego,I would like to notify you  a pothole that's been on Nobel Drive traveling East right before Costa Verde Blvd for about a month now. Just wondering if you're ever going to do anything about , or just keep taking our tax money while letting our tires get beat up, thanks.
Golfcrest i a main street in  92119.   is in terrible condion.  Particularly from approximately 7681 west to Mission Gorge Road.  Flat tires and broken rims waing to happen.  Please help.  Thank you.
Several up and down  street especially n front or near  address. The street has much damage from  rains  winter and only gets worse when  street sweeper comes down  street.  There was some work done to  sewer system, twice, several years ago and that large patch is continuing to sink.  I have no way to make images to send to you but  POTHOLE service was just on  upper end   street near Dwight and Lantana less than 2 months ago.

There are many potholes on Brookhaven Road some reaching up to 3 inches deep.
Ph
This pothole was patched a few months back on Loring but  patch has come out and  hole is back. The whole neighborhood has a lot  holes because re has been sewer construction.
Potholes near Aldine and under bridge also
POTHOLE N/B
POTHOLE EAST OF RADALL ST

The intersection on convoy is buckling, and has deep cracks, 478 Convoy St, San Diego, CA 92111, USA to 5001-5023 Convoy St, San Diego, CA 92111, USA.  In both directions north and south, has deep cracks, potholes, buckles.
street has heavy buckling, potholes, deep cracks that need sealing, from 5770-5798 Balboa Arms Dr, San Diego, CA 92117, USA to  5453-5573 Balboa Arms Dr, San Diego, CA 92117, USA.  HAs truck traffic, so street is torn up, in both directions east and west.
mission bay drive needs to be patched.  From 4800-4858 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109, USA to 4420-4446 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109, USA in both directions north and south.  Road has missing pavement, potholes, deep cracks running on both sides   side, buckling, many potholes. Please repair.
emergency pothole repair
Pot holes in southbound lane  32nd street.
POTHOLES
Near la jolla shores sign on south bound left lane
PER CONSUMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE IN THE NORTH BOUND LANE IN THE INTERSECTION.
Please do not close  report until s been completed. REOPEN.
Large approximately 10 ft. diameter, possible sink hole starting. Just east  on-f ramp traffic light.
Contractor left  gutter at SE corner  54th and El Cajon whout any surface. The contractor should restore  concrete.
Intersection across from shopping center entrance
east bound lane...several horizontal potholes that you have to go to oncoming traffic to miss
unbelievable amount  potholes just before 11700 and after 11700 on both sides  road...jarring!!!
There are multiple holes and cracks on both sides  Rancho Carmel Dr. between  Post Office and Costco.
Large pothole under 163 on Genesee eastbound lane on right hand side. Should be addressed ASAP. Thanks
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Cracking
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Failed patch
Various potholes
Sunken patch
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Sunken patch
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
This deep pothole continues to grow.. a L turn hazard. Reported 3 months ago
Pothole southbound Mission Gorge just past Vandeveer
one pothole not filled I front   house
Large potholes and deep cracks
Not sure where to report a sinkhole, so I am submting in on here.  On  corner  Airway Road and Otay Mesa Road near  San Ysidro High School beside Ocean View Hills Homes re is a HUGE sinkhole developing,  is already marked by  cy,  says SD SINKHOLE 18 X 18, but only marked or spray painted on  road, re are no visible tape or cones if you were driving.  This is a huge accident waing to happen and potentially a HUGE lawsu if a vehicle falls in or someone dies. The road is slowing caving in. s been like  for over 3 weeks.
Potholes in Carmel Mountain Rd east  Great Meadow Drive
Matinal Rd. from Autillo Way west/south until Florindo needs repair  ruptures due to roots, potholes, drainage cracks. The local contractor ATP is doing work in  area now (5/22-??) but  part  Matinal Rd is not marked and needs repair badly. Last paving repair appears to be over 20 years ago.
Horrible potholes all down  road!!
Awful pavement, because  too many potholes have been patch, and 's horrible passing through  street. Needs to be repaved in my opinion...
Open wound at 8th and Island
Large pothole in left lane right after you pass through  light.
pothole on merrimac ave and clairemont drive near entrance to post fice parking lot
There are 4 or 5 sizable potholes right here.


Large pot hole.
On Camino Del Norte to from South to North, from Bernardo Center Dr. to Camino San Bernardo, The road's condion is VERY bad! especially in  middle lane!
All  Clairemont Mesa Boulevard from I 15 to  163 in both directions is absolutely embarrassing, dangerous and hard on your vehicle.The worst spot is  eastbound  Claremont Mesa all lanes starting 500 yards west  Overland Avenue up to  stoplight.
Large pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Westbound 2 lane
Pothole in EB lane - you have filled several times but not done properly to prevent recurrence
Ref previous report #00140957; westbound lane  Genesee: road damage in bike lane has NOT been addressed. This has been ignored by  cy for over a year. The cy will be held liable for any injury or death on  stretch  road. There is a portion where half  lane is cut f and would cause a dangerous fall. Anor portion has a previous patch that has fallen apart and has numerous loose blacktop pieces that could also cause a dangerous fall.




Large and deep pothole.  This area is in major repairs.  Ongoing potholes are not being repaired by occasional minor patches.
Badly damaged asphalt in  area




Potholes in Intersection
Many large and deep potholes on entrance and ex  large dog park side.
 Cliffridge Ave just before Scenic Pl at  entrance  YMCA is very wide pothole
Very bad pair  potholes on SB Bernardo Center just south  Rancho Bernardo Rd
Extensively, deeply damaged asphalt in NB and SB lanes
Deep pothole at roundabout
Several potholes have reformed in an area patched several months ago. I blew a tire at  exact location prior to  last hatching. Drivers can h  as a turn  corner when y make a right turn, heading  pothole 's almost unavoidable in  outside turn lane.
Street address is just for reference;  entire length  Cabela Drive, from Matinal Drive to Duenda Rd is a mess.   is ltered wh a number  potholes in  middle   street; big chunks  asphalt loose.  Also utily street repairs on  east side   street 2 feet out from  curb are failing; chipping and falling apart most   same length  street.  Widespread alligatoring; street needs repairs and complete resurfacing.
Large and deep pothole here and down  road toward bend in road.
This is not just one pothole but  is an extremely dangerous section  broken pavement and potholes all along  bike lane along Carmel Mountain Road from Penasquos, traveling east to Paseo Lucido.  is too dangerous to safely ride over  surface on a bicycle and  only place to fall is into fast moving car traffic. There are many sections  very dangerous bike lanes (see Santo Road, Camino del Rio North etc.) but  is maybe  worst.
Pot holes in front  3969 Cadden way 92127..  is third request. Your workers were on Cadden and did not fill se holes.. several  m and asphalt is hting our car. Please fix.
Over old train tracks near pacific highway.
Pothole center lane near Arco.
Genesee underneath  163 has a large pothole to one side that is getting larger and deeper.  is starting to slow down traffic.
Sinkhole
2 potholes
Major pothole on San Andreas before  dead-ends.
Pothole needing repair.
Multiple deep potholes as you enter  on ramp from southbound out  mission bay
Pothole
Pothole
9 potholes on Prospery Lane between Defiance Way and Faber Way
There is a large/deep pothole near  corner  Olla on Kearny Mesa
There are two potholes westbound on Hillery Drive between Black Mountain Road and Rickert Road that need to be filled.
intersection  38th and Florence ave 92113
Right hand lane coming f 5 Nobel and going west towards Villa La Jolla Drive on Nobel.
VERY deep pothole....
Pothole in miidle  intersection
Massive pothole
Genesee under  163, pothole has been filled many times and keeps getting larger every storm.
Potholes on  transion ramp from southbound Fairmount Ave to Aldine Dr.
Pothole on side  manhole cover.
Manhole trench sinking sinking 3in around lip  trench hazardous for people and vehicle.
Multiple potholes left lane south bound Bernardo Center Drive just south  Rancho Bernardo Road in front  Arco gas station.
Huge pothole heading East towards Chevron on Nobel Dr. in  far left lane.

Midway on onramp on  right side   right lane re is a very deep 2 foot wide pothole that blew out my front right tire. Too dangerous to try and photograph  pothole.


PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE STREET INFRONT OF THE ADDRESS
Deep pothole on corner Wing Street and Midway, 92106
POTHOLE BETWEEN END OF DRIVEWAY & STREET HER CAR BOTTOMS OUT
ON FLANDERS EAST OF AGER    5 X 8
Northbound, middle lane
PER CUSTOMER MULTIPLE POTHOLES ALONG POWAY RD UP UNTIL CITY OF POWAY.
large pothole needs to be patched
several potholes eastbound logan av
Few potholes in left lane, northbound
Crevasse opening after manhole
pot hole almost sink hole forming need to be repair before resurface.
Ran over a pothole yesterday that actually popped my front right tire.  This is f India Street as you're going onto  I-5 North.  's a particularly bad location because  sneaks up on you, and if you h  going at a reasonable speed, you could pop a tire.  There's also no good place to pull over right re to fix a passenger-side tire, so I had to drive a ltle ways until I got to  I-8 East and pull over into  divide.   would be pretty bad if a motorcycle ran over .
Dangerous Pothole that is disrupting high speed traffic causing vehicles to swerve into or lanes. This pothole has grown to  size that  is now causing damage to vehicles.

Pot hole in center  street
Beyond Potholes:  Caltrans location has not been maintained for a while.  Will  be possible to make a overlay or than some cold uneven AC pile patches, please?  Thank you.
Large pothole middle intersection
Driving eastbound on Tierrasanta Blvd....making  right turn onto Tambor Rd. The hole is difficult to avoid!...
Potholes on both sides  First just north  Laurel
POTHOLE/OPEN TRENCH IN THE SOUTH BOUND LANE OF PACIFIC HWY. CUSTOMER STATES THE WHOLE DAMAGED THE TIRE AND RIM OF HIS VEHICLE.
The is a LARGE pothole in southbound Texas street just south  highway 8 (north  Camino Del Rio South).   is in  right lane next to  east bound on ramp.
Large pothole in left lane. Multiple potholes along  block  Home Ave
Please fix  bump going southbound on Afton Rd
Constant pothole problem. Has been filled in multiple times and constantly reopens. both in right hand lane and  connection between  on ramp and I-8.
Lots  ltle potholes. People swerve to not run over.
Pothole is massive and is a tripping hazard for  public
Big pothole 's a tripping hazard and is dangerous.
Minor asphalt repair needed for sunken asphalt in  westbound #3 lane  El Cajon Blvd in  intersection at 34th St.
There is a deep depression in  street by  lamppost and  needs to be filled as  is a hazard to bicyclists and cars.
Dangerous potholes
Pothole at street corner stop needs better fixing
Pothole on Constution road south  Lehrer Drive
W/B ACROSS FROM ADDRESS, DEEP BIG POTHOLE
Road in poor condion needs to be overlaid
Dangerous potholes right where you turn at  Palm Ave., and 16th St. intersection, next to Rally's. Some cars have been seriously damaged when y fall into those potholes.
Potholes at east crosswalk  intersection Ronda Ave and Marathon Dr.

Southbound Right lane
POTHOLES W/B BETWEEN MISSION BAY & GRAND
On  #1 eastbound lane at  bridge expansion joint, re is a huge pothole.
Right hand turn lane to nb, Groove is deadly for a motorcycle
Huge rut in turn lane, dangerous for 2 wheels
Groove down middle  street
Wb ecb, unfinished repair, 3"channel runs down length  lane, scary as hell on motorcycle at night
Down to  dirt. Rolled ankle on  in  dark. Thanks.
Potholes several
Pothole at intersection on Meadowbrook by gas station.
Pothole on SE corner  Marbury Avenue and Mira Mesa Blvd, adjacent to Post Office Property, exposing several electrical cables.  Needs prompt attention.
Sinking pot hole. 's getting very deep
Both lanes   westbound Street  Tecolote Road have concrete that is deteriorating to  point  being a giant pothole. Please fill in both lanes.
Repaved today. Left a 1foot diameter 'pothole' in  street
Big pothole in right lane  Pomerado Road southbound.
Pothole in left lane  north bound Pomerado road just before Greens East traffic light.
Pothole in left lane on Pomerado Road northbound.
Our street is in serious need  repair. I would not describe  condion as a pothole. There is a strip   road I would estimate to be 20 feet long and two feet wide. The strip is sunk down approximately 2-3 inches.  seems to be getting worse.  is not only causing damage to vehicles but is beginning to pose a risk to pedestrians.
Large pothole in left lane on Nobel between Regents & Costa Verde.
Large pothole SW corner
Large crevice in ground.
Ground sinking and deteriorating. Bunch  potholes southbound lanes
Large crack/pothole
Large crack/pothole. Ground is also sinking
Lots  potholes in  intersection
Pothole on  curve, turning from Andorra Way on to Del Diablo Way.
Pothole in middle  intersection  Sabre Springs Parkway and Evening Creek Dr. E.
Pothole in intersection  Regents Rd. and Ana Way.  Most noticeable when you turn right from Ana Way to Regents Rd.
Potholes scattered along Rancho Carmel Dr (heading south) from Shoal Creek Dr to Ted Williams Pkwy.
On Nobel just before costa verde. Large. On  side going east.
When traveling eastbound on Friars Road between Gill Village Drive and Qualcomm way  number-one and number-two Lane have a spot where  asphalt meets a concrete section where when traveling at 50 miles per hour bounces your car in nearly send you out  control
Large pothole in right lane
huge deep pothole at SE corner  Midway Drive and Wing St
Multiple holes, uneven surface, hazard to all transversing
Potholes in WB lanes  Mira Mesa Blvd at  cross street.
Potholes going East in a 75 yard stretch
Large Crater surrounded by uneven surface
Pothole
Potholes going west in mulple lanes in a 100 yard stretch.
Driving south on 4th Ave approaching  stop light on A Street re is a hole in  street that appears to have been filled but  still has a an approximate 3 inch depth which could cause damage to lower vehicles.   I drove over  hole which caused an alignment issue to my Volkswagen.
POTHOLE
5 potholes between 5741 and 5751  Waring
On San Pasqual Road ( Between Ryan Road and Old Milway) er are numerous pat holes all over. Due to very narrow road we h pat holes all  time. I had 2 damaged tires and rims. I have seen many accidents near Viento Valle/San Pasqual Road
In middle  street is at pothole in front  7460 girard ave.  is on  double yellow line. A lady sprained her ankle in  pothole on5/31/17 at 1000.
The road surface in two lanes is peeling away resulting in a hazardous driving condion. This location has been deteriorating for at least six months. Is becoming unsafe in  high-volume traffic corridor.
Potholes in middle lanes
Multiple potholes across a 50 yard section in different lanes.

Failed patch
Dangerous cover
Pothole
That entire section for five blocks on Euclid street is cracked in half. Have  cy pave  again.  is a two way street , dangerous. makes cars swerve out   way onto  oncoming traffic.

Mini sink hole in middle  intersection
There is a VERY big pothole on  intersection  Grand in Gresham in PB (going eastbound). The hole is very big and dangerous for bikers and motorcyclists.

@ 4098 Avati
@ 4068 Avati
POTHOLES IFO FITNESS CENTER
Big pothole, crater looking
Pothole
Large separation in asphalt, in middle  Knoxville Street,   between 1300 and 1400 blocks.  Tough on cars driving over .
Large pothole eastbound lane  Genter as approach Girard in middle  junction
Pot hole right before  curb line
Please cover se as y are like potholes!
I have been complaining about  for months.  is just getting bigger and bigger. Please fix!
Messed up roads on Avenida Venusto!!!
Getting larger every day
Please fix our messed up street before I complain to Faulkner!
Jacked up roads!
Street is falling apart!
Please fix  damn street!
Huge pothole, almost broke my tire! Needs to be fixed ASAP!
Large rocks all over Avenida Venusto from busted potholes! Making a mess!

POTHOLE ADJACENT TO GAS STATION
Entire street is filled wh potholes and cracks that have been damaging everybody's tires as y drive through. Please assess and fix  street. :) thanks!
Hi,The asphalt surrounding  manhole cover needs repair. 's located on Camino De La Reina in Mission Valley just west   Mission Center road intersection in  rightmost lane.Thanks,Kyle
Large/deep pothole in middle   intersection. Thanks!
Pothole heading north before Caltrans right  way
Pothole on Jacaranda place just before turning right onto Pershing Drive
POTHOLES ON MISSION GORGE RD BETWEEN ORCUTT AND MISSION GORGE PL
Pothole
Potholes
A pothole was filled and  surface is dangerously uneven given  speed on  freeway.
3 blocks , unfinished repair, Groove is dangerous for motorcycles and bicycles, someone is going to get seriously hurt
s not a pothole, but  crack in  road continues to sink and 's right in  middle   road, so car tires are being ruined!
Large pothole on downhill side  road
Pothole! Caused tire damage!
POTHOLE S/B ON FAIRMOUNT ON ALDINE EXIT
Various potholes
Pothole! Caused tire damage!
POTHOLES ALL OVER ST N/B ON FAIRMOUNT UNDER I-8 OVERPASS
Pothole at on-ramp to I-8 Eastbound! Caused tire damage! Unable to take photo because  pothole location at on-ramp!
Pothole is in  middle   street, 3-4 inches deep and more than 12 inches wide
Deep pothole.  Chunks  asphalt being h by cars.  Some people have been putting an orange cone in  to warn drivers.
Many potholes on  street. Massive hole at light.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
POTHOLE

POTHOLES AT 3800 BLOCK OF 29TH ST.
Large pothole in intersection
Road sinking and cracking in middle
Large c rack type pothole
Large crevice pothole
Multiple large cracks
Road deteriorating. Lots or potholes and cracks
Sinking and cracking
Road cracking and sinking and deteriorating
Large cracks/potholes
Large crevice type pothole
Large section  road sinking and cracking
A pothole at  beginning   alley between Ohio and 30th on Madison
Road has large gaps and sections sinking
Few large cracks
Road cracking and sinking leaving multiple potholes
Ground deteriorating. Multiple potholes at entrance to alley
Ground sinking causing potholes
Ground cracking and deteriorating leaving rough potholes
Westbound Clairemont mesa blvd at santo road, large pothole in  right lane just past  crosswalk.  grows every day as  asphalt around  crumbles.
Madrone Avenue from 63rd to 65th street is in very bad condion wh many potholes. As well as  being a small road  can be dangerous wh pedestrians walking while drivers try to avoid  potholes. As well as doing damage to resident's vehicles.
Pothole in right lane (coming from Carmel Mountain Road) just before Avenue  Science traffic light.
Westbd lane, no 1 lane
small hole near  curb, westbd lane, near bus stop
Balboa westbound, just before (east ) Cannington/Mt Albertine, left lane pothole.
Hole is probably 6 inches deep
a long pothole west bound on Scripps Poway Parkway at Ivy Hill Dr.
large pothole needs repairs
  intersection  sorrento valley road and sorrento valley blvd (next to train tracks). In  far left turn lane on sorrento valley road facing North, as if you are going to turn left to cross over  tracks.
Presidio is used by many bicyclists daily as a commute route.  From Arista to  bottom   hill at Taylor  is ltered wh potholes.  They are very dangerous to bicyclists who have to swerve to miss m or h m and have difficulty maintaining control  ir bicycles.  There are a series on west/north bound Presidio next to  park that nearly have me swerving into oncoming traffic whenever I'm cycling down  hill.  The bottom  Presidio is now wonderful since  was repaved last summer.  I'm eagerly waing on  rest  Presidio to be repaved too!  Thank you!
PLEASE FIX THE POTHOLE GOING SOUTH ON COLLEGE AVE OPPOSITE THIS ADDRESS 5 requests already put in.
PLEASE FIX THE POTHOLE GOING SOUTH ON COLLEGE AVE OPPOSITE THIS ADDRESS 5 requests already put in
PLEASE FIX THE POTHOLE GOING "NORTH" ON COLLEGE AVE OPPOSITE THIS ADDRESS 5 requests already put in
PLEASE FIX THE POTHOLE GOING SOUTH ON COLLEGE AVE OM THE RIGHT LANE OPPOSITE THE TACO SHOP
20x20 4 inches  deep
ALLEY--  BAD POTHOLE BEHIND THAT ADDRESS
There is a large pothole on  north bound lane  Avenida Venusto in between Calle Vivienda and Camino Ryone.
ABOUT 15 POTHOLES
POTHOLE  8" GAP WHERE CONCRETE  APRON MEETS THE ASPHALT
Potholes along  gutter in  eastbound #2 lane in  2800 block  Midway Dr.
probably Amtrak but  tracks on Beech Street are so bad wh pot holes y are nearly impassable. Can someone help?
The asphalt is breaking up.  There are loose chunks  asphalt and  center is raising.  The area is approximately 2 ft. by 4 ft.
Large and deep pothole that is causing damage to vehicles and disrupting traffic
  intersection  Via Casa Alta and La Jolla Scenic Drive South re is a large pothole that is damaging vehicles and disrupting traffic.
Square pot hole in street
Several large/deep potholes, in both directions, between  600 and 800 block  boundary st. Drivers regularly swerve around m to avoid damaging ir vehicles.
There is a gaping chasm all  way across  road at Old Stonefield Chase and  Kristin Glen in Del Sur, 92127.   is damaging cars and is a safety hazard as cars funnel through one tiny spot where  isn't as bad.  Furr 's right across from a high densy residential area, and at a blind corner, across  street from a well used park.  Please fill  in!
2 potholes in  approximation southbound Catalina Bl eir just north or just south  Pt Loma Ave intersection
Ripped up street in newly paved street directly in front  driveway. This has been  way since  street was replaced. 's ruining my car.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES IN THE AREA OF THE STREET WHERE ASPHALT TURNS INTO CONCRETE.
Pothole
Please fix  HUGE pothole
Asphalt pothole     2168 Balboa Ave West Bound  North lane
One  MANY large potholes and cracks in  area  Home Ave, 38th St, Beech, Ash and Cedar.

Potholes!

In March, I turned in a pothole report/request, Notification number was: 500000135418. Now I see only one or two potholes fixed in front  3552 Mt. Everest, but  rest  m were ignored...again. Can we please stay an extra hour and fix  large, dangerous, and unsafe potholes that line  street for a block in eir direction  subject address? I see cars swerving, kids wiping out on bicycles, etc. 's totally unsafe, but when  cy comes out for repairs, as y have done twice, y only do one or two potholes each time.
BIG pothole on Camino Del Rio N going west
The same pot hole always opens up under  freeway over pass.
The recent Bike to Work Day makes  an opportune time to mention  neglect   bike lanes and roadway in general along Poway Rd.The stretch  road from  I-15 to roughly Pomerado Rd. is in desperate need  street sweeping on both  east and westbound sides.  There are broken car parts and piles  road debris.  The real issue is that  road in that section is in total disrepair and falling apart.  That is a major issue, not to be ignored.  But  smaller problem that has a solution is  debris in  bike lanes.  All  ground up roadway and car parts end up in  bike lanes creating hazardous and unpleasant riding.  The cies  Poway and San Diego can arrange a street sweeper to pass  stretch  road once a month and  would go a long way to improving  road.I regularly bike and drive  way to work.  I have complaints about  qualy   roadway that I doubt can be addressed in a timely manner.   least take  relatively simple step to clean up  bike lanes.
This is  2nd request to fill  Swiss cheese ext ramp from Mission Center Road East
Heading west next to  SDSU PARKING STRUCTURE right after 55th St. You give gonna fix a pothole here? Reported for 1 month now
Sink hole forming in  middle   intersection  Soledad Mountain Rd & La Jolla Scenic Dr S
About 30 potholes  various sizes all throughout road. Worst condion I've ever seen.
After filling a pot hole in  front  my house y did not clean up  loose asphalt. And, only filled  pot hole half at. As if y ran out  material?
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Far left side  far left east bound  Nobel
2 holes in bad spot. Been re long time and worsening.
LOTS OF POTHOLES ON SCRIPPS RANCH (BETWEEN ERMA & AFFINITY)
The street in front  my house continues to sink. This is  same problem that was temporarily addressed wh work order 500000135438 and 00100434. I put in 00173212 and  was closed whout resolution.Recently a bicyclist h  depression and fell f his bike.  I am worried that one day a sink hole will open and I will fall in, on my way to work, never to be heard from again.Please investigate.
Via De Valle westbound direction but before (east) Armstrong Nursery
Big potholes
Street has multiple potholes; requires repaving.  Also, no ADA compliment curbs for disabled persons who have difficulty crossing and walking se streets.
3601 KETTNER BLVD.  CONSTRUCTION OF WHAT APPEARS TO BE A TRENCH.  CAUSED SEVERE DAMAGE TO RIGHT FRONT TIRE, CAUSING A FLAT, AND SUBSEQUENT ROAD HAZARD WHILE SPARE TIRE WAS PUT ON VEHICLE.
Large pothole on  northwest side   intersection  Front St and West Washington St
My husband and I were driving home using Scripps Lake Drive when all  a sudden we ran over something that created a large thump.  We stopped to check our front passenger tire.  We n turned around and went back to see what we ran over and we saw a large piece  concrete and broken pieces  concrete as well as a large pot hole around a manhole cover right in  middle   street. We left tire marks on  chunk  concrete as per  photos attached.Location: If you are heading East on Scripps Lake Drive, look for 11680 on  left side   street.  The manhole cover is just 10-20 feet from  house on  same side   street as  house.This is truly a hazard and could cause car damages resulting in  Cy being sued for repairs.  So, why not check  out and get someone out re to take care   big problem.
Middle  street located in front  11118 crater dr is crumbling and chunks  asphalt are coming out.
All  Via de la Valle from El Camino Real to  West....to  5 underpass needs to be addressed. H a pothole near Chase Bank last night. If any damage to my car, will be sending cy a bill.
Potholes
Potholes

Potholes
 top  Ladera Street alley and Cornish St.
Potholes both directions
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Two potholes in front  home.  When visors park at  curb and get out  ir car several have tripped or fallen in potholes.
Potholes
Asphalt is starting to break away/ sink in near man hole. There is now a hole to where you can actually see underground. This hole continues to get bigger and deeper day by day
POTHOLE ON LANDIS WEST OF GRIM PLEASE FILL BEFORE ROCK AND ROLL MARATHON THIS WEEKEND THANK YOU
Jarring pothole on wb loring....
also  16  large potholes  4711 to  4799   Mission Bay Dr    both  Northbound  lanes
Asphalt pothole  4399 Haines   Northbound  lane at  edge   Grand intersection
There is a large depression in  #2 lane  El Camino Real, southbound lanes.  The pothole is more to  left   #2 lane, just where  left drives wheel hs.  The hole is que deep and not easy to see until you are about to h .  I've seen several cars try to swerve at  last second to try and avoid  hole and almost h adjacent traffic.  's in  middle (#2) lane  southbound El Camino Real between  intersection  Townsgate Drive and Elijah Ct.
Many, Many potholes on Gold Coast Dr, especially between Westonhill Dr. and Londonderry Avenue.





The street is completely corroded on 37th Street directly in front   building located at 4488 37th Street.  is a trip hazard to  residents living in  area and  street floods every time  rains. There are two residents, who are visually impaired, living at  reported address. One   residents tripped over  corroded area yesterday, fell to  ground and sustained minor injuries. Please fix  trip hazard as soon as possible to prevent a more serious injury in  future.
More than 15 potholes on  surface street that run parallel to lake murray.  Look between lake atlin ave and jackson. ESPECIALLY bad where road meets jackson.
Middle  intersection  Lark and West Momteco
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE POTHOLES IN THE STREET
Several huge potholes in  intersection between  four stop signs
The whole street need a to be redone wh asphalt. Please 's ridiculous how many people use  road and 's like that
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES IN THE ALLEY BEHIND THE ADDRESS.
2 big potholes in middle   road
Multiple potholes in both lanes.
Big pothole when turning right onto Vista Sorrento Pkwy from Carmel Mountain Rd. Pothole is Vista Sorrento Pkwy southbound side.
Pothole in South bound left lane. There is no way to avoid hting  and thus damaging  car tires. 's been  way for a few weeks.
Potholes
Large, deep potholes and areas  badly eroded pavement throughout entirety  street, concentrating in cul-de-sac, constuting tripping and biking hazard.
Large pothole in right lane westbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd right after entering Santo Rd.
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Various potholes
Failed patch
Various potholes
Various potholes
Sunken roads
Various potholes
Pothole
Pothole
This whole road needs immediate attention. I see  is to be resurfaced in FY-2018 but honestly a dirt road would be smoor and less damage to my vehicles. Please bump up  priory   road.
Large/deep pothole on  intersection  family circle and linda vista road
Two large pot holes in  south bound lane.
Bad pothole
Zip Code 92123,  Marathon Dr  @  Ronda Ave;  Entire east side  intersection becoming one giant pothole  -  large pieces  pavement missing and /or scattered.
several pot holes in  normal driving path on north bound traffic lane. Due to  street parking and oncoming traffic s usually dangerous to maneuver  you vehicle around  potholes.
middle  road
Two potholes on eastbound Pomerado Road about 100 feet before  Scripps Ranch Boulevard intersection.
Multiple potholes on  street.
Pothole just starting can you fix before  gets bigger thank you

The 3000 block  Howard has multiple potholes and damaged pavement that makes riding a bike re unsafe.
pothole
Crumbling pothole at 12424 Rios Road, San Diego, CA in need  repair/patch.  No camera, no images.  sorry!
SINKHOLE FORMING IN MID OF ST IN FRONT OF THIS ADDRESS. JUST HAPPENED TODAY.
Deep pothole before 163 freeway
Sunken pavement from previous street repair
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A DANGEROUS LARGE POTHOLE EAST BOUND ON NOBEL DR. IN THE #1 LANE.
Huge pothole in  middle   road directly in front  bus stop. Located about 10 feet from intersection. Badly in need  filling as 's located right in  turning path from Laurel and is hard to avoid.
Huge pothole
Please finish repaving all  Avenida Venusto. You repaved  one part that was fine. Please fix all   potholes towards  north end  Avenida Venusto by repaving. Thank you so much!!!!
Please repave  rest  Avenida Venusto!!! All  way to Bernardo heights.
4-ft radius pothole
Street needs to be repaved numerous potholes, turning into a dirt road. Can't even drive on right side. Please fix,  is terrible!
Pothole in crosswalk
Horrible potholes, dips and rough road sheet recent sewer repair. All along Comstock between Langmuir and Valjean.

Series  5 pothole starts in six week old resurfacing job.  Nice job wh taxpayer money!!!

Between liberator way and commuter terminal on Harbor Drive two potholes
Mini sinkhole at  intersection  La Jolla Scenic  Drive S and Soledad Mountain Road.  The hole is about 1.5 feet wide and 1 foot deep.  This report replaces 00191863 which had  wrong map location.
Large pothole and numerous smaller ones near by
Put holes
Bad bad
Please fix
Deep potholes in southbound lane  black mtn rd at corner  activy rd. This was called in a month ago and you closed  report. How about fixing  pothole  time before closing  report. What good is  app if nothing is done.
Failing utily trench. Second notice!
Same one, still here
Potholes at intersection and just east 
Really big pot hole,  larger than my 4 year old!
Massive hole


On  corner  Greene St. and Mendocino in Ocean Beach. I reported  about 4 weeks ago and  pothole has doubled in size and re are asphalt chunks all over  street.
Large pothole in middle  street
Numerous pot holes both east and west which have been filled many times.  Road needs to be totally resurfaced (slurry?).  REPORTED THIS SEVERAL WEEKS AGO!
pothole #1: in left lane on Pomerado Road heading north between Grandee Place and Greens Eastpothole #2: several potholes  on Pomerado Road heading north between Rancho Bernardo Road and Greens East.
Several deep potholes in left side  west bound road.
The asphalt around  manhole cover has been destroyed and has created a large pothole wh flying rocks.  's in  middle   street but also in front  my house.
Pothole on corner  Pacific Beach Dr and Ingraham St
There was a 2 square foot piece  asphalt in  left lane. May have been a filling for a pothole?
Pothole
Pavement crumbling in several nearby areas.
The entire street from 15 to  end is filled wh rough pavement and potholes.PLEASE  repair all!  Previous repairs have omted potholes adjacent to  ones filled!!!????
Potholes
Pothole
Big Hole in center  east bound lane
There are many potholes starting in  corner  43rd St/Boston Avenue throughout Boston Avenue streets. These potholes are many people trying to avoid and sometimes h parked cars at night. Please have se potholes fix as soon as possible.  See pics I uploaded
Asphalt pothole near 5103 Chollas Pkwy almost to center  street. Nearest cross street is Collura St.

large pothole in Westbound slow lane approximately 25 feet before  traffic light at Paseo Montanoso
Just south   Home Depot address is a large pothole  length  one lane and @ 18 inches wide and 6 to 8 inches deep. I submted  before but  has been ignored. I noticed around  corner on Del Sol blvd. that  has been resurfaced and  did not need  work as much as Dennery Rd.
3rd request! NW corner  Cardiff St & Skyline Dr. Look at  pictures!
Two new pot holes. Navajo E at Bisby Lake
Pot holes. Many
Pothole
Large pothole close to Columbia street
Potholes in right lane on EB Mira Mesa Blvd just before and just after Camino Ruiz.
Eb tecolote to SB Morena at shell station, pothole and general pavement failure .
Multiple potholes in  area. Please fix m.
Potholes. Please fix.
Pothole

See photo
Rancho Carmel Drive is by far  worst street in my area.  Repairs are being done on or small neighborhood streets in  area that are not nearly so torn up.  When is Rancho Carmel Drive scheduled to be repaired?Thank you.
POTHOLE W/B TWO OR THREE BLOCKS BEFORE SAN ANDRES DR 2770-3499 VIA DE LA VALLE
Large pothole westbound on Via de la Valle approximately 600' east  St. Andres Dr.
MANY POTHOLES
Flat pothole to  right  Pablo on NW side  Nacido just about in front  corner house garage. Cant believe y haven't reported- 's been re for many months!!!Thanks  for filling  soon!
COLLAPSED DRAIN CAUSING SINKHOLE TRENCH IS CAVING IN AND PUBLIC WORKS INSPECTOR IS REQUESTING THE STREET BE BLOCKED OFF ASAP. REF TO SN 150000829464.
MULTIPLE POTHOLES
This is a long crack in  road between on Kettner next to Crack Shack and  middle  Kettner.  My daughter actually twisted her ankle and fell while holding her baby and crossing  street wh a friend.  IMPORTANT- This is one  MANY issues.  This morning she just got anor flat tire from a pothole - her second in a month.  New tires - 2017 Mazda SUV.  My 2017 Mercedes had all FOUR wheels damaged to  tune  $1,700.00.  The worst was on Pac HWY south over  ride in  Sassafras ex lane.  A small dch.  This has become ridiculous.  I don't want repayment.Please put  money (I have a receipt if you want ) into resurfacing  roads instead  temporary fixes that degrade whin months.  I care about ALL  people in  cy.  The roads in San Diego are significantly worse than in states where I have lived, like Ohio and Minnesota that have freeze-thaw cycles.   has become degrading to  qualy  life and encourages people to buy more giant vehicles.  This can be solved wh good leadership.  's a real safety issue.  Please make fundamental changes to  process.  The present approach is apparently not working.  Thank you.
TIRE SIZE SINKHOLE FORMING IN FRONT OF ADDRESS. JUST HAPPENED TODAY.
Constuent reported pothole on Madison between Georgia St and Park Blvd.
Numerous potholes/damaged pavement on 10400 Block  Parkdale Ave, leading to Mira Mesa Blvd.
Road work may have left a pothole, s right next to an area that was recently paved.
2nd request;  3 very deep potholes   SW corner  intersection
East Bound side  road. Two potholes near center  road.
East bound lane near Patrick Henry Football field.
South/west bound lanes from Camino Estrellado to Waring Road. Lots  potholes.
Pot hole on Leland st in front  3626 Leland st
2  POTHOLES
Hole
Left lane
Bigger hole
Pothole, eastbound, lane 1
Slightly smaller hole
Crack in road
Multiple holes in road
Two more holes
Long hole
In  alley behind 3051 Juniper -  street has buckled up resulting in a lip that is approx 9 inches, that we need to drive up and over to get in and out  our garage. The entire buckled/depressed/broken area  concrete is approx 30 ft long and 8ft wide.
Huge Pot hole in front   address and several more in  same area.
Large pothole at  intersection   address and Harding Ave. very dangerous when turning on to Harding Ave.
Many potholes when driving away from Camino Del Norte, that one is  biggest
 is a big pothole.  is a hazard to vehicles esp when  is dark.
Severe potholes between 39th and Monroe corners
re is about 2 to 3 potholes one bigger than  or, big piece  asphalt keeps coming out wh traffic.
Potholes in eastbound lane
Turn lane onto vista sorrento parkway southbound
Many potholes on Golfcrest Drive from Melotte St. to Mission Gorge Rd., both lanes.
Large pothole on  right lane  Vista Sorrento Parkway,  right after  corner  Carmel Mountain Road and Vista Sorrento Parkway, next to t  Torrey Villas apartment complex sign.Can cause severe car wheel damage. The attached image is from google maps, but all  cracked pavement you see in that picture has long broken f....
Potholes
Road was repaired but is now sinking
2 potholes on EB W Mission Bay Dr in  #1 lane whin first 200-300' past intersection wh Mariners Way/Gleason Rd. Addional 2-3 potholes in #2 lane a couple hundred feet short  bridge crossing.Would recommend reviewing entire stretch  EB W Mission Bay Dr between Mariners Way/Gleason Rd and bridge.
Large pothole near 30mph sign
Big pothole on Camino del Rio N. in  west bound lane at  intersection  Mission Center.  Has been re for a long time and I have previously filled out a request  and nothing has been done.
Pothole in  west bound lanes behind Ulta.
Potholes in both east and west bound lanes.
This alley is beyond insany. Never seen anything like . We don't bury pipes anymore??? What decade is ? Complete disregard and disdain for  residents and taxpayers.
Multiple potholes along Camino del Rio N.


There has been a big pothole on first & Laurel for a long time. This is  3rd time I am reporting .  is very bad, especially at night. Thanks!
Pot Holes
The whole  Antigua Blvd. south  Clairemont Mesa Blvd. is one big pothole and needs to be resurfaced!!!!!
Can you please fix our alley?
Street is starting to get cracked and broken up
Directly in front  6832
Pothole
Deep potholes center eastbound lanes
3 big ol potholes
Right in  middle   street in front  my home

Multiple pot holes on Avati just east  Wheat Street. Please 's time to resurface Avati from Morena to  top   hill. Please advise when  is scheduled for recap or slurry. Thanks!
Pothole
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT ALLEY
Large potholes (multiple) just south   intersection  Bernardo Center Drive and Rancho Bernardo Rd. in  southbound lane.
Large pothole on Scripps Poway Parkway (south side  street) just west   intersection  Scripps Highland Dr.
Pothole here
Potholes in whole block.
There are multiple potholes and such at  intersection as well as in  area.
Between Eldridge & Mound about 10 or 12 potholes..  2nd Request
Pothole
Pothole. Warped stree pavement. Right side. Close to gas station entrance.
Huge pot hole

Pothole at small manhole
LARGE CRACK & POTHOLE

HUGE pothole on Antigua Blvd in front  9823 Rimpark.   runs along  curb and appears to be 6-8 inches deep, 12 inches wide at s widest, and about 4 feet in length.  Please get  fixed as s a hazard to car tires and people can't always see  when parallel parking. Thank you!
There is a portion   road that is raised (similar to raised sidewalk, but in  middle   road where  lane divide is).


Raised road (similar to raised sidewalk, but in  middle   road where  line that divides oncoming traffic is).




Pothole wh asphalt that can be projectile.
Large potholes on Genesee Avenue directly underneath  Interstate 163 overpass.
Large pothole
Multiple potholes on our street are becoming a real safety hazard! Several inches wide and 2" to 3" deep. Major danger for bicyclists and those walking across  street! Please refer to  tax revenue for  area. I hope you conclude we are asking very ltle...only safe streets!  Sincerely, Ron Smh - for  homeowners on Francisco Drive, Rancho Bernardo, 92128
Pot hole in # 1 lane east bound 56 hwy before carmel valley rd
Pothole
Large hole amidst general pavement failure right in front  Santa Clara point playground. North lot by ball field is ravelling badly and needs a slurry seal at minimum . Big tourist area and poor optics for SD. Thanks.
There are a series  potholes in  north bound lane  La Jolla Blvd in front  Lele's Cleaners
A water main break required  street to be dig up. But  patch repair wasn't done correctly. The asphalt patch is uneven and improperly done. Please have responsible department fix .
Pothole after turn f if I-5 south, in  east bound lane
12 inch x 18 inch x 4 inch deep on washington west bound under  universy bridge
Pothole
Several potholes in both directions
Large pothole at cross walk



pothole in Northbound lane
There is a pothole/large dip in  eastbound right lane that is causing vehicles to bottom out.



Around  house  street is covered in multiple potholes. The road is not drivable. The street needs to be repaved, but se potholes need to be filled now
The San Ysidro Blvd has a lot  potholes. Please help us wh 
Pot hole located at stop light bottom  Texas St before heading up  hill ( at crosswalk)
Just at entrance to La Jolla YMCA.  Corner  Scenic Pl and Cliffridge Ave.  There are several potholes.  One que deep.  Thank you!
Just prior to  163 overpass in  EASTBOUND lanes  Washington Street, re is a large hump wh a HUGE open pothole area which crosses both lanes.  recently became a much larger hole in  roadway. This needs to be filled and smood out.There was a bad patch in  same area  WESTBOUND lanes which was patched, but is now a HUMP in  road. This should be smood out.
WESTBOUND right lane area  Washington Street @ 8th Avenue, re are multiple, LARGE and DEEP potholes which have been re for at least a year. Many cars have to swerve around m so as not to damage suspension.
The road is full  potholes! Very hard to maneuver going up and downhill re...
The entire intersection   One-way street is FULL  POTHOLES and damaged concrete and asphalt.  is across all lanes so re is no way to avoid .  has been  way for years, and just keeps getting worse.

Pothole in front  3821 Colman Ave
3 potholes in north bound lane
Pothole near patch on northbound side
Two potholes in south bound lane
Large shallow potholes here and behind  one in northbound lane
Medium pothole in northbound lane
Small pothole in northbound lane
Ripped up road northbound lane
Small deep potholes northbound
Potholes on  North East corner  Complex St and Clairemont Dr.
When making a right turn from Carmel Mountain Rd to Vista Sorrento Parkway, re is a pothole between  lanes.
Major pot holes in mission gorge road
Sidewalk empty hole
NB Golfcrest from Monte Verde Dr. is riddled wh pot holes, many are large (> 6").  Golfcrest is in dire need  total repaving!!  Potholes, which appear ten on  substandard street (see Goolge Maps for many patches), are especially dangerous to motorcycles, wh risk to loss  control.  Please repave or repair at  soonest.
All Scimar Street needs to be repavement
All Scimar Street needs to be repavement
This is right in front  Encanto park,   communy thanks you in advance for  repairs!!
Large potholes that were patched a month ago. Entire f ramp needs replacing. Ongoing issue that gets minor repairs only to break down again after a few weeks.
Pie hole
Big pothole 3 feet long, 1.5 feet wide, 4 inches deep on westbound side  G St just west  State St.  's been re for weeks.The Clean and Safe Program is constantly on our block blowing leaves around and emptying trash containers.  Why don't y report  to  cy?
There are multiple large potholes in  middle   intersection  Bisby Lake Ave and Navajo Rd in both directions. Cars swerving to avoid m are leaving  lanes and 's getting hazardous.
Multiple potholes - previous report closed out whout repair being done
Pothole which looks like  was previously filled has sunk back down
in  intersection east bound, north side lane
  peak   uphill incline  road is torn up. Large holes.   intersection   steepest peak
Southbound lane
Two month old resurfacing falling apart just east  reported area in 00193417.  So much heavy equipment in  area that  veneer  asphalt is doing nothing and and disappearing due to wear in two months.
Potholes in  southbound lane in  1129-1199 block  Morena Blvd.
Potholes in  eastbound lane in  2801-2899 block  Grand Ave.
Potholes in  eastbound lanes in  7700-7999 blocks  Friars Rd.
Potholes in  northbound lanes in  4400-4449 block  Ingraham St.
Potholes in  eastbound #2 lane in  2200-2349 block  Grand Ave.
Potholes in  eastbound #2 lane in  1300 block  Grand Ave.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole in front  5360 La Jolla Blvd.
Pothole in front  5165 Mission Blvd.
Pothole along  gutter at  driveway entrance between 1556 and 1598 Grand Ave.
Pothole along  gutter in  westbound bike lane in  1000 block  Camino De La Reina.
Potholes along  gutter at 8949 Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Potholes in  westbound lanes in  2300 block  Midway Dr.
Potholes in  westbound lanes at 8757 Rio San Diego Dr.
There's que a few potholes around  block  Tyrolean Way and y are getting bigger wh each rain fall.  This is dangerous around  curbed area   street if  driver is unaware. The asphalt that touches  sidewalk is torn up and uneven from wear.
Pothole in  left northbound lane  Rosecrans between Carleton and Dickens Street.
 pothole is in  middle  near 737 Grissom st.
Lots  potholes on Grand before 5 South after recent work done to  street here. Kind  ridiculous that work would be done and y would leave such a main thoroughfare strewn wh massive potholes. This is probably one   busiest streets in PB and you wld think after dealing wh months  construction and delays y could have at least repaved  road.
Pothole
Potholes all up and down street. Very bad condion.
Potholes in  intersection.
Metal construction hole plates whout ramping or hazard sign. Danger to bicycling in Bike Lane.
Large pothole, > 6 inches, in WB lane  Navajo Road at Bisby Lake.  Dangerous to drivers swerving to avoid, and especially to motorcylists.
A 3 ft. x 3 ft. (approx) area on eastbound Flanders Dr. at Agar Ct. is sinking.   appears to be an area  previous repair or patch (maybe after access to underground utilies).  The square sinking area is leaving sharp edges   remaining road surface along s perimeter.
There is a pothole that is getting worse by  day at  intersection  Canon St ans Willow St in Point Loma, 92106.
Pothole is located on  north west corner  Miramar Rd and Commerce Ave.  In front  Carl's Jr.
While street is covered in potholes. Please, consider resurfacing whole street.
Large pothole center  Wae Drive. About 2 inches deep
Much  Gardena Ave was just paved but  large pothole was missed.
Numerous potholes just beyond  intersection heading west on Tecolate Road.
While driving I noticed that re was a very large sunken pothole that had not been properly backfilled. This pothole was created by SDGE. They are apparently installing a gas line re. Pothole on India st and sassafras
Pothole on walkway (First Ave)  underneath ramp, between Sheraton and auto shop. Pedestrians can trip over like myself and potentially being run over by a vehicle driving on Cedar St. Fix ASAP
Asphalt potholes   1301 Grand   East Bound  South lane
This large pothole area was missed when Gardena Ave was recently paved.
Trench not brought up to level, extreme hazard to bicycling.
Large pot hole in area  Genesee Avenue East under 163 Overpass before Cardinal. Unable to take a photo due to no area to park car.
2 potholes!

The alley continues to sink.  Please do not close  as a duplicate report.
POTHOLE FAST LANE
Two big potholes on Aldine f ramp from southbound fairmont ave, just as you ex fair mount to Aldine
Grape street and 31st (south  Grape) were recently repaved, but  section  31st  north  Grape remains in very poor condion including a large pothole where I indicated.
Two potholes next to each or on  North-West corner  Grand Ave. and Ingraham St.  Located on Grand right when cars try to enter  gas station and bus repeatedly h  when approaching  bus stop.
Corner  Madison and 56th St
  location on  west side  Carmel Creek road re is a water utily vault wh lids that have NEVER been bolted down. I have called  Cy and spoken to crews from  Water Dept several times but always get  same answer - we'll get  fixed. Well y don't and 's anor shine on. 's a 5 minute fix to FINALLY install bolts on  lids so y don't CLANK every time a car drives over m.GET IT DONE!Loction  vault is west side  Carmel Creek and Shaw Ridge Road.
Pothole surrounding a manhole cover
Please correct  very bad pothole, east bound on wasington st to entrance 163Tearing up our suspension Help
2'x2' pothole
HUGE pothole when heading south on Albatross and turn right onto Washington Street.   is next to  NW corner   sidewalk.  This is dangerous even for pedestrians and people in wheelchairs.
Street pavement is very uneven in  right lane heading west on Washington Street, right before Dove Street where  Wells Fargo Bank is located.  The bottom  my car got scraped as I drove over .  Could cause damage to or cars.
Potholes.  Ors on Marauder way.  Please get all  m
Large, deep pothole in front  4299 Avati Dr at  driveway entrance to Cadman Park
Pothole on left lane next to SDSU parking structure. Pass  traffic signals.
street is buckling on right side next to curb.  Both bikes and cars have to keep to  left to avoid  large bumps in  road.  Traffic hazard as vehicles have to pull to  left before making  right turn into Downwind Way.
Alvarado and mission gorge place 6 inches deep  westbound but many more eastbound due to bad construction coverup
Many potholes. Dangerous.
All  universy ave is terrible.  is like f roaring and ruining cars
Huge pothole. About a foot down.
Very large pothole in  fast lane on Miramar near Nobel.  I h  while turning right from Nobel to eastbound Miramar.  Please fill.
potholes forming
Asphalt resurfacing  was just completed on Udall St. The contractor worked on Tuesday, June 6, and Wednesday, June 7. On Wednesday,  lightly rained in  morning, so  job did not start on time. Instead,  job started after noon. As soon as  road was finished, detour signs were quickly removed even though  road hadn't hardened.  Vehicle traffic immediately damaged  road, degrading  surface, and tearing holes in  asphalt. The contractor did not properly block  street or ensure road hardness. This must be corrected.  The road qualy is very poor, despe  job completion two days ago.
Asphalt resurfacing  was just completed on Udall St. The contractor worked on Tuesday, June 6, and Wednesday, June 7. On Wednesday,  lightly rained in  morning, so  job did not start on time. Instead,  job started after noon. As soon as  road was finished, detour signs were quickly removed even though  road hadn't hardened.  Vehicle traffic immediately damaged  road, degrading  surface, and tearing holes in  asphalt. The contractor did not properly block  street or ensure road hardness. This must be corrected.  The road qualy is very poor, despe  job completion two days ago.
large pothole, west bound Loring at Randall street at crest   hill.  This is  third time I've reported .
Three potholes west bound Navajo Rd at Bisby Lake.
DANGEROUS POTHOLE CAUSING DAMAGE.
ALSO ON 10476 & 10505 EL COMAL ST. LARGE POTHOLES WHERE AGGREGATE BASE UNDERNEATH IT IS LACKING ASPHALT.
  Aldine Dr f ramp from southbound Fairmount Ave.  There are at least 4 potholes that need attention.   The first one as you ex is significant and very jarring.  Thanks for addressing .
Very large pothole in  east lane.
POTHOLES ON LORING VERY NEAR INTERSECTION NO OTHER INFO
About 1 foot in diameter and half a foot deep
This whole street is a Minefield  potholes, you guys have been doing a great job  knocking out se reports by  way I'm very impressed
HUGE hole on Jack-in--Box corner, W Washington & Front St. Thnx!
BIG POT HOLE.
Deep pot holes at intersection  28th and imperial.
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT STREET
POTHOLE
Rough concrete trenching cover. Real hazard for bicyclists as  is in bike lane on downhill.
Deep pothole on Washington and Front. North west corner in front  Jack in  Box
loring street between la marque st and quincy st very large pothole.
Several potholes on  Fairmount Ave framp to Aldine Dr.
Several potholes on  Fairmount Ave framp to Aldine Dr. Three  m are pictured here
Several potholes on  Fairmount Ave framp to Aldine Dr. Two more are pictured here
POTHOLES
POTHOLES
Pothole in middle  intersection wh arbor park place
Pothole on  curved uphill ramp coming westbound on La Jolla Pkwy going north onto La Jolla Scenic Dr. N. Very large potholes near  bottom   grade when entering La Jolla Scenic Dr. N which is extremely dangerous as  is right before a curve.
Hole in  street
Pothole is breaking up again. Refill  as soon as possible.
Pot Holes
Pot Holes
All down  ramp
All down  ramp
This pothole is right at  on ramp  highway 94 (Euclid). Drivers enter  ramp whout much  breaking. So y h  pothole wh round about 25mph. Devastating.
Holes all down  street
Wide hole.
Numerous potholes in both directions on Washington between 8th and 4Th.  Potholes are appearing on a daily basis at  point.
This street is very bad.  Needs repair
Potholes on Aldine f ramp

5771-5799 Balboa Arms Dr, San Diego, CA 92117, USA to 5101-5203 Balboa Arms Dr, San Diego, CA 92117, USA.  This street needs to be patched.  Has many potholes, missing pavement spots, had buckling  pavement near Mt. Abernathy Ave.  Gets truck traffic, and has gaps in  pavement.  Patch and resurface.
This street has missing pavement, two inch cracks, needs patching from 7071-7079 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111, USA to 5415 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117, USA in both directions.  Many complains regarding  road, no action has been taken since six months reporting  street.  Repair, since  street in not safe.
8540 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111, USA to 6500-6848 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111, USA  street is in need  repair in both directions, has heavy bus  and truck traffic, and has missing pavement running  entire length   road.  Has 2 inch cracks running  length   road.  Needs to be patched, and resurfaced.  Please patch  missing pavement.
Numerous potholes
VERY LARGE POTHOLE
A and Ash ... huge pothole

Valeta Street between Famosa and Camulos is in poor repair. In addion to flat tires,  cracks and potholes can easily gobble up bicycle tires and lead to accidents. Nearly  whole segment from Famosa to  top   hill needs to be resurfaced.
Big pot hole
Hole
All around pot holes
Pothole from Satan possibly. Didn't get a good look but  is a great inches deep
Huge pothole at  corner  Washington and Front Street in front   Jack in  Box.
Pavement eroded soil erupting from under surface.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE 1" WIDE AND 1" DEEP.
3 ft pothole at complex entrance
If re's anything you can do to help improve  condion  Redwood Street between Chamoun and 46th we would greatly appreciate ,  entire length   stretch is in terrible condion and we'd really appreciate if  could move to  top  list to get repaved. Thanks so much for all you do for our beautiful cy.
Westbound hawthorn under I-5 brige. Big enough hole to ruin your car.   is dark when going thru, so difficult to see when driving in bright sun under bridge.
Pot hole
sinkhole on boardwalk south  salem.  Potential for injury to skateboarder or roller blader hting  hole, and going splat on  cement.

Street sinking @5540 Potomac  east heading lane
There are numerous potholes on Avati Dr on  East side   street in front  se house numbers 4287 Avati Dr,  4275, 4245, 4197. 4108 Avati Dr.  Thank you for your assistance
There are numerous potholes on  West side  Avati Dr starting at 4066 Avati Dr and also at 4098. 4102. 4114. 4178, 4219. and 4291 Avati Dr.  Thank you for you assistance in restoring  street to a more drivable condion.
N. Fortuna Summ Trail. Long and deep dch in mid  road. This is really dangerous and I can' understand why your park rangers have not closed  down. s down hill. As you build up speed you are confronted wh a ravinr in  middle   dirt road that widens. The ravine is at least 3 feet deep.  caused me to crash on my mountain bike in an attempt to avoid .
Pothole
Potholes middle lane
Northbound Texas Street@ Camino del rio South.   Potholes in all lanes near crosswalk.  No way to avoid m.



Large pothole on EB Washington


Numbers potholes in and around  intersection

Bad potholes in westbound lane

POTHOLE
Numerous potholes on Vermont
Several smaller potholes
Pothole
Terrible pot holes in  section  road
Pot hole and numerous cracks in pavement
Large chunks  displaced asphalt
Giant pothole. About 2 feet around and 4 inches deep.
Please finish what you started.
EB el Cajon, 3 " Groove from unfinished repair,  will kill someone on a motorcycle at night
  corner  turquiose and La Jolla Mesa norast street area.
south side  pearl st. just at and past fay st.going east
POTHOLES ALONG WB GRAND FROM MISSION BAY TO LEE
There are my potholes especially by  Elementary school side.
Very big pothole at manhole cover.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE/POSSIBLE SINKHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION FROM SOLEDAD MTN RD TO S BOUND LA JOLLA SCENIC DR.
Entire Street is completely full  pot holes. 's one big pot hole after anor.
Large pothole on  corner  W Washington St and Front St. Pothole in Westbound lanes on Washington. Pothole is approximately 3 feet long and 1 foot deep.
Two bad potholes in middle  Ingram and PB drive
Giant, crater-like pothole on northwest corner  Washington and Front Street on same corner as Jack in  Box. About a foot deep and getting deeper weekly.
Street has numerous pot holes all over making  dangerous for us and automobiles  and cyclists alike. Damaged front and rear rims in one night and almost crashed. Entire street needs to be repaved because  is falling apart because   rain and construction in  area.
PER PD, LARGE HAZARDOUS POTHOLE , W/B WEST WASHINGTON
Deep pothole souast  intersection
Northbound Camino Ruiz, right lane.
Pothole in road
The potholes are in  east bound right lane  Clairemont Drive.  They are just at  point where  right lane divides to make a right turn lane.
The potholes are in  south bound right lane  Clairemont Drive in  intersection  Ute Drive
Pothole in  eastbound #1 lane in  600 block  Washington St. The pothole is in  expansion joint on  west side   overcrossing above Sixth Ave.
WHEN WILL THIS STREET GET FIXED!!? Seriously, where does all our tax money go!? The roads in  cy are a joke and Ollie/Venus streets are not just potholes here and re but  entire street is a disaster and will ruin your car tires. Entire street constantly has cars,rv's, and old school buses left abandoned for weeks at a time along wh  being ripped up. I along wh everyone around  area have filed se complaints yet y conveniently disappear whout any work being done. For 6 months we've endured construction noise around here whout  benef   being to fix  street we all drive on daily. Why is nothing ever done about se horrible street condions in  town.
Large pothole in left lane northbound
Pothole made by trucks doing u-turns going to St. Paul's!
Tree is destroying street, sidewalk, and driveway in front  5141 Dawne Street. Cars bottom out and kids have gotten hurt tripping over  holes in street. Low cars and trailers can?t access  driveway as well. The tree needs to be removed and  street and sidewalk need to be replaced.
There is a huge (3 foot by 3 foot) pot hole at  corner  Lusk Blvd and Vista Sorrento Pkwy.   was patched recently, but today, I got a flat tire on  way to work when I turn left from Vista Sorrento Pkwy to Lusk Blvd.   Addionally, re are several pot holes on Vista Sorrento Pwky in  northbound lane from Sorrento Valley Rd to Lusk Blvd.  is dangerous.
Pothole at  intersection  Genter and Girard Avenues. Turning left onto Girard from Genter, very deep pothole in middle  road.
Large pothole at foot  La Jolla YMCA entrance
There is a large pothole at  intersection  Nobel Drive and Miramar Road.   is on Miramar Road heading EAST in  left lane.
Pot hole left lane west bound
Sorrento Valley Rd x Sorrento Valley Boulevard. There is a pothole right at  traffic light on  left most left turning lane on  northbound Sorrento Valley Rd. 's fairly deep.Coordinates: 32.901249, -117.223149
SEVERAL BAD & DEEP POTHOLES
From Mesa College Dr to Frost St re are several potholes including on  crosswalk at Frost St
re is a growing pot hole at  corner  Liggett Street and Clove Street.  Since  is adjacent to a major water drain, we are concerned re may be a larger underground concern
Long pot hole 4 feet
Thank you so much for finally fixing  transion from 94 west to 15 north.  I drive  every day and  is  first time I can drive  whout grting my teeth!  Fantastic job!
There are 3 potholes and a significant dip on Red Rock Dr near  intersection wh Waldgrove Pl
There is a huge and deep pothole right when you enter  street. Because  street is a cul-de-sac, re is no way to enter our homes whout avoiding  pothole.

This street needs repaving.
Second Avenue @ Ash Street is FULL  POTHOLES and damaged concrete and asphalt.  is across all lanes  Ash Street and Second Avenue, so re is no way to avoid .  has been damaged for a long time, and continues to deteriorate.
 least 4 potholes going across entire lane.
Multiple potholes on  southbound f-ramp from Fairmount Avenue to Aldine Drive.
POTHOLE (ON WASHINGTON WEST OF SAN DIEGO)
POTHOLES AT THE END OF HANDICAMP SW RAMPS AT CASS/EVERTS/ AND DAWES / CROSS STREET PACIFIC BEACH  DR
POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
In  alley is a violent man. He is homeless and has temper. Perhaps mental illness.Please pick up trash and bring  police wh you. Please let Cy workers know that  is in  ALLEY   address provided.
Alley   address is huge pot holes. Over 4inches deep. Alley  44th Needs patch work please send asap.
Pothole when Exing Friars Rd., East to Mission Center, Road. The pothole is small but very deep and 's on  squares where you go to  right to get f onto Mission Center, Road. I punctured my tire in five minutes  was completely flat by hting a pothole. This is my second request to repair.
Strong bump going east bound and west bound on Nobel at  bridge just south  Miramar.  Can  asphalt be raised to meet  level   bridge.
Construction has destroyed  section   street going both directions. 's awful!
There are potholes all along Scripps Poway Parkway between I-15 and Pomerado. We pay a TON in extra taxes to live in  area yet in 10 years not one pothole has been fixed. 's in serious disrepair. Thank you for your assistance.
VERY DEEP POTHOLE, 6-8" DEEP. ON 4TH BTWN A & B ST.
large pothole in north bound lane.
Westbound lane - pothole which is growing
BIG OL POTHOLE
Pothole huge
Two potholes eastbound.




Intersection Golfcrest Dr & Ruane St.
Pot hole
Left turn from South bound lane
The stretch  clairemont mesa blvd from I-15 to Santo road (in both directions) is covered in potholes, cracks, heaves, and failed attempts to repair  street over  years. According to cy records, most   stretch has not seen any serious maintenance since  was originally laid down  1970s. Please totally replace and overhaul  section  deteriorating street. tempting to patch or fill  for years has led to  current, extremely poor condion  is in.
Pothole near curb where our right tire hs as we drive by

Pot hole in  fast lane
There is a giant pothole in  middle   road.   Someone outlined  hole wh whe paint, but  is still not visible, and very dangerous.I have seen a child nearly crash her bicycle while riding down  street.   This hole is giant cy liabily, and  is only a matter  time before someone gets injured.    There are many children on  street, and  hole is a danger to all.  Please priorize  repair.    The hole is HUGE.
Big pothole 3 feet long, 1.5 feet wide, 4 inches deep on westbound side  G St just west  State St. 's been re for weeks. The Clean and Safe Program is constantly on our block blowing leaves around and emptying trash container
Entire street is horrible wh loose gravel & pot holes.
Road, bike lane, and entrance to driveway are badly damaged by roots from nearby tree, presenting as a pothole and raised asphalt. This issue has failed to be repaired after numerous attempts over  past few years.
POTHOLES FOR ABOUT 2 BLOCKS
Going west on Camino del rio n. just before  intersection at Mission Center Road is a large pothole for  lane which goes straight thru intersection... also continuing through camino del rio n are a few more potholes heading west as you pass by  car dealership and  new construction going on re all  way around  bend to camino de la siesta.   Thank You
Pothole
Depression in right lane  southbound where roadwork was done
Pothole in right hand turn lane heading west from Mt Etna to Mt Everest
LARGE POTHOLE NEAR DRIVEWAY
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
VERY DEEP POTHOLE, WESTBOUND  VERY DEEP














Pothole
Just trying to find out when our streets in Marston Hills/Myrtle Way are going to be re-surfaced. Upas St one block over was done over 3 months ago. They have painted info on our street but  workers wouldn't give us any info. The picture doesn't do justice to how cracked and damaged  street really is. Your our only hope :)
Massive potholes both directions

Out street, Aguamiel Rd, 92127 is in terrible condion and has been for years.  What does  take to get on  street repair schedule?!
Sorry guys.  There are between 10 to 13 potholes in  cement boardwalk between Lido and Ormond and  retaining wall. The potholes range in width  5 to 10 inches and have a depth  1 1/2 inches. They are visible until about 4 p.m. and can be avoided wh due care. After 4 p.m. y are shaded or s dark and would pose a risk to a pedestrians and skaters.
Multiple potholes at  intersection  Rhonda and marathon
Pothole on Rhonda
Repave  entire roadway!  What is  delay? The cy webse said  was going to be done last October. 's now half way through June and still nothing. This is one   most heavily traveled roads in Carmel Mountain.  Forgot soccer cy! Take care   problems that already exist in our fine cy. This road is like driving through  Grand Canyon. People have resorted to driving in  bike lane to avoid  potholes and ruts. I assume  only way something will happen is if a bicyclist gets killed.  Get  toger SD. Let's get  done, like  app is named.
Original Service Request No: 00179028 which was closed wh no repaid made. Description  problems: Potholes located in front  6051 Brandeis Court, 6059 Brandeis Court, 6067 Brandeis Court, 6075 Brandeis Court and on  side  6038 Brandeis Court. I have lived on  street for 30 years and  has only been re-paved once in 30 years.



Pothole on Poway Rd going towards 15 freeway.

Pothole in right turn lane going from Genesee Ave to Campus Point Dr going towards  UCSD hospal.



MAJOR pothole in middle  intersection but especially for traffic turning south on to La Jolla Scenic Dr South  from Soledad Mtn Rd. I have h  4 times in  last 2 weeks. afraid  tire/ rim damage,  is THAT bad.
Pothole at beginning  left n lane into NASSCO shipyard/NBSD Gate 2.
POTHOLE AT N/W/C IN PED XWALK
Patched up street is a mess. Tarmac has sunk arounf  new manhole
FIFTH REQUEST FOR A POTHOLE TO BE FIXED GOING NORTH ON COLLEGE AVE. Right Lane. Are you going to repair  or do I need to contact my Cy Council Member?
FIFTH REQUEST FOR A POTHOLE TO BE FIXED GOING SOUTH ON COLLEGE AVE. Right Lane. Are you going to repair  or do I need to contact my Cy Council Member?
Expanding pothole in middle  road
Road is in terrible condion.Entire cul-de-sac needs to be redone.
Pothole
Report Number: 00186722  is NOT completed! Hillery Dr is A MESS and needs to get fixed ASAP. WHY is nobody using my goddamn tax money and fix  road? You're a bunch  lazy fools miss-using tax money. GET TO WORK like all  us do, too.
Pothole in right lane near curb
Multiple pots holes on  street and cross road Vista Hill Ave.
LARGE POTHOLE IN THE NORTH WEST CORNER
The entire street  Estrella between El Cajon Blvd. and Monroe is full  potholes and large cracks.  is in desperate need  paving. 's very f putting that  street begins to be nicely paved at  end on Estrella Ave. where  Talmadge arches begin.  would be great if our portion   neighborhood would be considered for street maintenance as well. Please pave our street.
Pothole on corner  Easter way and Vision Dr - I reported  before and you closed  ticket but  is still not repaired - see #00174580
Multiple pot holes on west side  Pomerado Rd at intersection  Stone Canyon Rd. Previously reported, n status shown as closed, when pot holes are still re and getting bigger.

PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE ON THE 5900 BLOCK OF THIS ST.
Large cracks in multiple locations on street.  Repairs needed.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE INTERSECTION
Potholes in  westbound lane in  3500 block  Kenyon St.
in  middle  intersection  Greenwood st. and Hancock St.  small round deep hole.   i think  was patched before but now 's opened up again.

Why is re a huge 1 foot bump in  far left lane going east at  intersection  Camino del Norte?  broke my cd player. Please fix .  is huge and re is no way to avoid ! Huge liabily!
Deep pothole about one foot in diameter, eastbound on Alvarado Canyon Road , before Mission Gorge Place.
2 issues.  Both are in  intersections  Missouri and Ingraham Streets. One is a big hole  or seems like street is caving in.
On Greene st, large pothole in middle  road
Several potholes
Damaged AC pavement section adjacent to bridge deck.  The damaged is sever and  route is used heavily by trucks. Please fix ASAP
pot hole
Bad AC patch for some old trench that never got addressed on F street just before  traffic signal.
Road condions are so bad causing vehicle damage and tire punctures.  can be hazardous and prone to accidents. I heard cy gives priory  fixing based on #s  complaints but  should be based on condions  road. This zip code 92127 must be paying top property tax dollars but condions  road is worst in San Diego.   seems unfair to top payers. VIA FRONTERA and VIA ESPRILLO and VIA DEL CAMPO are in bad condions.
Pothole


test- vishnu



Torn up pavement
Pothole behind La Jolla Y.
There is a pothole in  right east bound lane  Camino Del Norte before  intersection  Camino Del Norte and Paseo Montanoso.
In  far left lane once you past intersection going west on Camino del Norte re is a very high bump. I h  very hard coming through  intersection and went into  or lane and almost h anor vehicle. Can you please fix ASAP before  causes an accident?
Pothole, 2 feet by 1 foot, 6 inches deep
Pothole(s) in right south bound lane  Pomerado Road in  middle   intersection wh Stone Canyon.
Huge pothole in far right lane going west on Camino del Norte!
Street is falling apart from all  heavy construction equipment
in #2 westbound lane west  Camino Ruiz intersection, previous pothole repair left depression in  road
Pothole at beginning  alley
There's a huge pothole going east bound direction on Division Street.
Pothole in  #1 lane.
Number 2 westbound lane at light
Big ass pot hole!  Get  done!
Large pothole on  south west side  carmel mountain rd and Vista Sorrento Parkway intersection
There's a big pothole going west on Market between State and Columbia.  is in  right most lane  Market going West towards Harbor Dr., but before  intersection wh Columbia.
Very large pothole due to construction
Far right lane just before intersection
potholes   E/B SCRIPPS POWAY PK EAST OF SCRIPPS HGIHLAND DR
Large deep pot hole on street behind Lazy Dog restaurant and approaching back  shopping center behind Trader Joe's.
The asphalt around a man hole cover and an access/ service cover have deteriorated and turned into 2 deep potholes that have a potential to cause an accident to motor vehicles/ pedestrians.
The asphalt at  cross walk has deteriorated and has deep pothole that are dangers to pedestrians and motor vehicles.
Deep pothole, enough to cause alignment issues
There is a pothole about 1 foot long in  left lane on Vista Sorrento Parkway. The pothole is about 15 feet from  intersection at Carmel Mountain Road.
There is a storage shipping container that has been on  street for over 5 days taking up about 5 parking spots including  area y have roped f. I've called SDG&E and y cannot confirm  is irs even though y have expired SDG&E (5/22) dates on  signs.
This is on Camino del Rio N, on east side  intersection  Camino Del Reo N and Mission Center Dr.
Big Pothole that has caused vehicular damage and is disrupting traffic.
Big Pothole at  intersection  Torrey Pines Road and Hillside Drive.  is constantly disrupting traffic and has caused vehicle traffic.
Potholes on entire section  Madrone between 63rd and 65th
Fix holes
Round pothole on corner  street. 4 feet around and has caused damage to cars
DEEP, DANGEROUS POTHOLE IN MIDDLE OF INTERSECTION. WILL DAMAGE VEHICLES.
HUGE POT HOLE.  I reported  6 years ago and no one from SD did anything.  The rain last year has EXPANDED hole to almost  size  a sink hole.  a car will fall throuhg or get tire damage and n a law su.
Pothole along recent trench #1
Pothole along recent trench #2
Pothole on I5 south on-ramp from Clairemont Dr
Paseo Lucido between Bernardo Heights Parkway and Camino del Norte outside Ranchi Bernardo High School has been in terrible shape for years. Worst road in all  San Diego.
There is a large deep dimple in  road at  intersection  Mira Mesa Blvd and Black Mountain Rd.   is located in  south-eastern aspect   intersection near  manhole cover.    This one will shake your teeth out.
Super deep and big oneOn bridge.
All  upper Elliott street in serious need  resurfacing. Cracks, potholes and crumbling all up and down  street.
We have major potholes on  street, also one   residents is painting  curbs  REDin front  his house  when he paints his porch red,  he has a small trailer that's been parkied in front  his house since  beginning   year.
Pothole. This is  second time  has been reported.  was filled wh sand but that did not fix .  continues to crumble.
multiple potholes on Elm Ave in Imperial Beach, between 18th St and Saturn Blvd
Pot hole at end  driveway..second report
Pothole not fixed  first time
  corner  Ethan Allen and Bunkerhill re is a pothole.
norast corner at base  sidewalk, pot hole visible wh opening into  ground similar to sinkhole
Potholes and Asphalt missing on Market street from 28th street  to 32nd  street coming down Market street going west
This entire block is messed up from sewer repair completed months ago. Please fix asap.
A tripping hazard
Pothole WB #2 lane in  intersection   67th St & El Cajon Bl
Riding my bicycle on Clairemont Mesa Blvd between Kearny Villa Road and La Cuenta Drive is like taking my life in my hands each day.  The potholes on  road create an incredible hazard.  The on/f ramps on  15 have just been repaved whilie Clairemont Mesa Blvd is quickly becoming a gravel road.  I'd like to inve any council member to accompany me on my ride.
Clairmont Mesa Blvd., from Santo Rd. to Kearney Villa Rd., is in terrible condion. A bicycle rider takes ir life in ir hands to ride . The many potholes and lumps will cause a rider to be thrown into traffic.
Multiple potholes on Yama Street, just before  entrance to San Diego Naval Base
Deep pot hole  in middle  La Jolla Scenic Dr South and SoledadMountain rd  to  left   photo near lane heading to Nautilus
Horrifically bad potholes on Short Street, in  Talmadge neighborhood
Top layer  asphalt eroding away very badly along  entire stretch  Aldine Drive between Fairmount Ave and Adams Ave.
Asphalt in really bad condion in both directions on a long stretch  Fairmount Ave, south  I-8.
3" bump in  seam between  concrete overpass and  asphalt, Friars westbound over  163.  Bump is worst in  shoulder area where bikes ride, forcing bikes to go around and into traffic.  This is a val safety issue for cyclists on a heavily-ridden cycling route.
There are 3 potholes on  eastbound side  Scripps Poway Parkway between Sunshine Peak and Angelique.  One appears to be down to concrete and is sizeable.  Addionally  entire segment  Scripps Poway Parkway between  two streets is starting to break up.
Multiple large potholes on Upland street that cause vehicle damage and loose gravel that can cause pedestrians that walk to trip.
Big hole in  west bound center lane
POTHOLE BY HANDICAP CURB. SOMEONE BROKE THEIR LEG.
Cizen states sink hole on La Jolla Scenic dr north  Nautilus
Pot hole square foot size.
There are potholes along  whole 4700 block  Mansfield  from Adams Ave to Collier
POTHOLE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE CROSSWALK
DEEP POTHOLE IN MID OF ST. NEXT TO MANHOLE
large pothole on  southbound side  Vista Sorrento Parkway just south  Carmel Mountain road
Pothole in street
Hole/unevenness  in pavement at east end  intersection in middle lane. Has been re for years, really jolts car when you h .
various potholes at intersection Felspar and everst
Pothole wh loose blocks  asphalt directly in front  driveway.
The road has multiple pot holes, cracks and is in awful condion. Scripps Poway Parkway between sunshine peak and pomarado.
Fix pot holes
Large pothole in crosswalk on southbound (West) side  Euclid Avenue ramp to SR-94 West. See photos attached wh large empty dish soap bottle completely in depth & area  pothole.
Sizeable pothole under I-8 bridge, on  8-E on-ramp, just past where  spls f from fairmount ave (heading south). Very hard to see to avoid also, since  bridge creates shade/shadows
Pothole at light intersection
There are several potholes on Elm Avenue between Saturn and 18th Street.  will be great if  cy would repaved  street.  should be fantastic if  cy could repave Elm Avenue from Saturn to all  way to 13th Street
On thursday  8th  June i was coming back from work when i noticed  potholes have gotten worse due to that I fell f my bike got some damages. The employees have been working on  alley for awhile and y took  concrete apart but never re-paved  or left any indications   potholes. s been a month since y left  alley torned up and  potholes have gotten deeper.
Deep pothole at south side  El Cajon blvd and 58th street intersection.
Street collapsing about 1" sunken increasing a b daily
Yesterday, I filed a report regarding  deplorable road condions present to bicyclists on Clairemont Mesa.  Today's paper has  following article.  How long will  be before  happens to me???? ...........LEMON GROVE (KGTV) ? A Lemon Grove mor got broken ribs and chipped teeth after a violent bike crash along 69th Street.Rosie Vazquez says she was riding her bike down a hill near Dartmoor Drive on May 21 when she h a pothole and flipped her bike.She says  happened as cars began passing her.?A car passed and anor car passed, as I looked back to clear my path I didn?t anticipate bumping into  pothole,? Vazquez said.There were a few potholes on  street, so she wasn?t sure which one h her bike. Nearly a month later, she says her medical bills are adding up and thinks she needs to be compensated.?Pain and suffering, damage to myself, time f from work,? she said listing all  reasons why she hired an attorney.Her torney, Evan Walker, says  is not  first time someone has gotten hurt from a pothole. Many have come to him wh similar stories, asking to help m file a claim.?I would think that would be proper for  cy to upgrade s infrastructure instead  paying out,? Walker said.The thing is, ?s not immediately clear which cy maintains  road - because 69th Street falls right on  cy lines  San Diego and Lemon Grove.Lemon Grove?s Assistant Cy Manager and Public Works Director responded to 10News via email. The statement reads in part:?69th Street is a street that is located between  Cy  San Diego and  Cy  Lemon Grove.  The Cy has, in  past, maintained portions  69th Street. However, whout being able to access  Cy?s past project information at  time, I cannot speak to  actual location and if  Cy  Lemon Grove has treated . ?10News also reached out to  cy  San Diego, asking wher re is a joint effort in maintaining 69th Street. A spokeswoman said ? is possible? but y would have to check wh an engineer for more details.Walker plans to file a claim wh both cies next week.? shouldn?t be like ,? Vazquez said, referring to  condion   road.
The trenches that were dug for  recent work need to be properly filled in, creates for a bumpy road and sloppy work.
Not necessarily a pothole but street repair/attention needed on WB Garnet, right before approaching Santa Fe St. There are metal plates for road work, which I understand are needed, however y are too high and not smooth at  edges or not properly flush wh  street that  actually causes an unintended speed bump.  slows down traffic unnecessarily as  is on down hill and when cars h  metal plates, not good for car suspension, and need to slow down. There are or steel plates on Morena that are much better posioned so that cars won't be jarred when y approach.
Lots  potholes
Pothole
Many potholes on poway Rd between i15 and  cy  poway, both directions
Asphalt deteriorated along curb. Across from 5023 Chollas Pkwy. Tripping hazard.
Many holes were filled form construction on Robinson. Many on  patch jobs have been packed down and need more filling added to m to make m even wh  road
Middle lane has road damage that is very ruff driving over. There is only a short area that needs to be fixed. 's  middle lane   163
Middle  major intersection is sunken in and a large pothole. Embarrassment to San Diego.
Several massive potholes on second painted arrow.
Need potholes repaired in front  6310 Eider St. and going East to 6320 Eider St.Several deep potholes need repair.
s actually around  corner on commerce, right in front   Carl's Jr. by  light, almost broke a tie-rod!!
pothole right lane near  corner
Poway road is pretty rough wh a lot  broken roads. The potholes have been fixed, but  road doesn't feel like a smooth ride. Same is  problem wh Sabre Springs Pkwy north   56.
Extensive potholes along almost  entire length  Rancho Carmel especially north  56 up to Carmel Mountain Road and  entire width   two lane street both northbound as well as southbound.  Have made numerous requests for past 6 years.  's upsetting to see streets in Scripps Ranch and Mira Mesa being repaired that have extremely minor damage and yet year after year Rancho Carmel gets worse.  Wh winter rains 2016-2017  damage was extensively increased.
Potholes in EB lane;  has been reported several times before
Potholes in EB lane
Potholes in EB lane
Lethal for cyclists, strollers etc.
  crossing  48th St $ El cajon Blvd.  Stepped into   as a pedestrian and  broke skin.  These roads are dangerous even for people walking!
Vey large manhole on east curb line.
Large pothole on eastbound Friars Rd on-ramp from Mission Center Rd.
Pot holes
Huge pothole in middle  street. HAZARD to drivers.
Ramp from La Jolla scenic north to La Jolla Parkway yeah 's full  potholes
Uneven pavement and pot holes along  stretch  Home Avenue.
Going south on College Ave. Right Lane. Next to Church preschool. Across from  Police Museum. Pass Adams Ave. 7 requests have been submted. When are you going to patch  pothole on College Ave???
Pothole at intersection  Rancho Bernardo Rd and W Bernardo Dr
Near Bernardo Executive Center
There is a pothole in  right lane going south on Black Mountain Rd.  Just south  Paseo Montalban.  's near  shopping center.   is a large pothole.
Pothole in middle  intersection
Widening open seam in roadway
Pavement is in horrible condion.  Asphalt is warped and rippling, and potholes that were patched are wearing away
Huge pothole on  onramp  took out both passenger side tires.
On Kearny Villa Road/Northbound/down to Candida, re is a large Pothole forming. Also in  right lane, re is cracking pavement.
Many potholes near intersection
Big pothole by intersection  willow creek and pomerado
EASTBOUND ON RAMP FROM MISSION CENTER ROAD TO FRIARS ROAD.BIG POTHOLE NEEDS TO BE FIXED.
Large pothole on Qualcomm/Texas St southbound just before  8 east ex in  right lane.
Large pothole on Camino del Rio N westbound just before Mission Center Rd in  through traffic lane (only lane that is not a turn lane).
Potholes at Texas and Camino Del Rio S both sides   street
PER CUST, SINKHOLE FORMING , 4 FT DEEP, 3 FT WIDE, CONES ARE AROUND IT
Please repair pothole near center   intersection.
A large pothole has developed along  curb on  west side  Lyndon Road in front  1848 Lyndon.
Starting at  intersection  El Paso Real and Muirlands drive, El Paso Real is full  potholes for about 200 feet. Really bad!  I submted a request in February, which you have marked "closed" but  repairs have not been done.  Could you please repair ASAP? Our cars being damaged/out  alignment.  Thanks.
Pothole
As usual, a utily Dept doesn't finish ir job
There are 3 large potholes on  intersection  3400 Conrad Ave and Conrad Ct and y are spreading.
SEVERAL POTHOLES
Multiple potholes in  intersection
1400 Grand Avenue:  pothole in EB #1 lane.
1500 Grand Avenue:  pothole in WB #2 lane
800-1200 blocks  West Mission Bay Drive:  Numerous potholes in both WB lanes.
In number one lane
Ocean Front Walk and Thomas Avenue:  two potholes in  boardwalk (Ocean Front Walk) at north end  boardwalk, where sea wall ends.
Deep potholes and street long overdue for overlay.
SEVERAL POTHOLES AT INTERSECTION AND GENERAL AREA
Difficult to avoid pothole in  northbound lane  Eckstrom near intersection  Eckstrom & Cosmo. Thanks
POTHOLES (EAST & WEST OF INTERSECTION)
winding creek f Jackson drive is a complete mess,wh potholes,deep cracks.manhole cover surrounds coming apart,and various or problems... continuation  winding creek called royal gorge is also in  same bad condion or worse...el banquero place is in  same bad condion and was marked up more than a year and a half ago for repair and was never touched..we pay good taxes here and expect something to be done soon...thank you
The patch has failed and now  pipe protrudes. 's a hazard!
This pothole is about 3 feet long by 18 inches wide located on Ivy Street just outside  Station restaurant in South Park.  The cross street is Fern.
Around  Manhole,  paving is so low that when a vehicle drives over ,  will h  bottom   vehicle really hard. This is a hazard that needs to be repaired right away.  high speed and if when a driver h  manhole  can cause m to loose control  ir vehicle because   abrupt dip.  posses great danger to school aged children who attends  Middle School who crosses that that road each weekdays. I personally experience  hazard  wh my Honda Odyssey Van When I went over  at 45 miles an hour,  h  bottom  my van really hard.  Someone put a dab  asphalt but  did not do any good.  must be done correctly. Main road: Carmel Valley Rd. Between Winecreek Drive and Wineridge Road.  Manhole is about 100 feet towards Winecreek Drive heading North.
Heading east bound on Washington street before  6th Ave cross over re is a head jarring pothole.
This one  many holes around  curve. These holes could cause accidents when drivers try to avoid m. A lot  walkers, joggers and horse riding in  area.
Monstrous pot hole in  number 3 lane under  stoplight
POTHOLE
Pothole about a foot round near median  road, but on side going towards cardiff
Long pothole worse than ever
There is a pothole in  northbound lane  Carmel Country Road, between  stoplight into Palacio Del Mar and  entrance onto State Route 56 east. The pothole is in  fast lane at a seam in  road.  is shaped like a triangle and is hard to avoid when you're traveling northbound in that lane. I hope you can fix  soon. Thank you.
Last November our cul-de-sac received  a grind and overlay. We are now experiencing grass growing through  pavement in multiple locations. The pavement is starting to break up. This should be a warranty issue.
Entire road is falling apart
Pothole southbound on right
Image from Google Maps. Pothole on  LEFT lane going South on Ruffin Rd next to National Universy.

Huge pothole
Huge hole that keeps getting bigger
Huge pot hole in  right turn lane from Commerce Avenue on to Miramar road heading west.  Looks like 's been repaired before, concrete and asphalt.
Westbound lanes at  intersection
Square pothole @ 12in x 18in. Seems pretty deep. To right side  friars rd east onramp
Hole is getting bigger
Circular pothole @12 in diameter in crosswalk (crossing texas st)
Pothole when making a right onto universy. In front  smoke shop.
Horrible potholes alongside  street.  Very deep
Both directions  euclid f ramp are covered wh potholes
Potholes
11th Street at  163 entrance re is a huge pothole.  I do not know if  was fixed or not.
Pothole is on  right lane   westbound lane past  sidewalk line. The left tire always hs thw hole.
Large pothole on southwest side  street close to stop sign at Madrigal.
There is a pretty bad pothole. going east on Camino Del Norte, between Camino San Bernardo and Bernardo Center Drive.
Heading east on  road, re is a pothole before and after  stop sign on  left hand side

There are multiple potholes on our street, and y came to repair just a few and left  rest that are lining  streets outside  our homes. Our whole street is a disaster and should be completely repaved.
Approx 6" deep pothole. 1'x2' size
Series  broken road that has not been fixed in years
Bike lane is in BAD shape!!! Needs to be fixed!
From 32nd street to Sampson  road is one   worst roads I've seen. The fact that 's outside   Navy Base is sad.
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT THE WHOLE STREET
There are several significant pot holes on Esterel. Two ow which are over 4 inches deep
Pot hole 3400 Arthur cross street  McCarr and on east  that.
The north/south alley between 35th and Mansfield is extremely uneven wh blocks  concrete jutting out up to 4". Ever since  utilies under  alley were worked on and  area repaved,  has shifted and sunk so much that  raised concrete edges cause wheels to get stuck forcing cars to veer, like being stuck in rails. The road is so uneven that 's affecting my vehicle alignment!
Tree root? damage to WB lanes just west  nb Ingraham to WB mission Bay drive at top  ramp . Previously submted  issue under 00177891. The pavement is lifted across both wb lanes and vehs swerve to avoid  sharp bump creating a collision hazard. Thanks for your efforts .
Deep sink hole. This may be anor sink hole for KTA.
There are continuous pot holes from Universy Ave to Home Ave. I was told I needed new hardware? (shocks and struts) because   terrible road condions. HEEEEELP!
Big pothole just before  8 East ext on Texas st just past  Camino Del Rio S.
Asphalt/ pothole needs fixing, unable to bike around street/ practice ball properly
Pothole in center  street. Needs repair.
Lots  holes where Conrad Ave meets Conrad CT.
Large hole right on  entrance  Conrad Ct
Large holes on Conrad Ave next to Conrad Ct.
Lots  holes middle  Conrad ave.
3490 Conrad Ave. Pothole on edge   street.
Large pothole at joint between concrete and asphalt.
BAD POTHOLE N/B BEFORE PAGEA  POPPED TIRE
WHOLE ALLEY HAS POTHOLES
The pothole is getting deeper on  east side  Farnham St, heading west at  light at Ruffin Rd. This pothole was repaired earlier  year wh bubble gum asphalt as  has opened up bigger than before. 's right where your tire hs to turn left or go straight through  light and is getting deeper.  Please help, 's been like  for over a month. I had hoped someone else would report , but I guess not.  's definely a road hazard.
SEVERAL POTHOLES 8500  BLOCK OF HIGHWOOD
Westbound #2 lane around 8500 miramar rd is a huge hole in  road.  When you h , you bottom out your suspension.  Hole is as wide as  lane, shouldnt be hard to find.
Pothole
Across  street from whole foods west side  seventh Ave. SINK HOLE.at parking meter # 3806.
Pothole
Grade for drainage is so severe that driving at speed lims cars bounce excessively and  becomes a dangerous suation.
Potholing
The street needs to be repaved.  In short term re is 50 feet that could be patched repaired and a few pot holes.
Pothole on Ramp leading to Friars Road on mission center drive by shell... popped my tire!!!!
Multiple pot holes on Genesee f-ramp from I-5 north.
Please fix
The road is very torn up and a lot  potholes between Madera St. and 60th St. 92114
LARGE POTHOLE ON EB MISSION CENTER ON RAMP TO FRIARS. DANGEROUS
Pothole 789 6th ave
Bad pothole! My car got damaged
There is a pothole on  onramp going east  friars about 1 foot in diameter.
The temporary asphalt patch   failing concrete gutter is now failing in places.  This causes a rough road while turning.
Previously reported subsiding  a 4' by 4' area  pavement shortly after  area was repaved.   The temporary patch was poorly applied.  Now  road surface is cracking from  bouncing  car tires into  hole. Right turn vehicles have trouble avoiding  hole, especially when a car is parked on Westonhill.
Valve covers have started to slip lower than roadway surface.  The area around m is cracking.  This causes a bumpy ride.
Two 3" potholes next to each or.  Strange holes.
Patched once but continues to grow.
The intersection at 3rd and ash is extremely uneven and is riddled wh potholes
Huge deep pothole made by buses!
Large pothole on curb lane
Pothole on left lane on westbound balboa ave just before intersection
Road on  particular street in unusable condion. Needs to be re-paved ASAP. Thank you.
LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF ADDRESS
The bike lane on both north and south bound Santo between  52 and Clairemont Mesa Blvd is in really bad shape.  There are cracks, holes, and eroded pavement  whole way making biking on  dangerous.
Anor Deep Hole on Northbound Right Lane Just past Camino Del Rio South.  On Texas Street before freeway 8
North Corner  Barkla and SoderblomAsphalt coming loose leading to pothole and cracks in concrete
East Bound Miramar Rd, at  beginning   left turn lane onto Distribution Ave, re is a previous repair, but  pavement has sunk and  lip going back to  regular pavement is very sharp and when braking to stop   turn signal,  pavement lip throws cars f balance, and can potentially ruin wheels due to  impact.
The street is full  potholes as well as broken asphalt through out  street.
Several smaller potholes, one very very deep.  A tire/rim destroyer!!
POTHOLE IN ALLEY
Pothole
2 deep potholes on onramp for I 15 NORTH by mira mesa Blvd west
In  middle   intersection and in  corner  Dennery Rd on  Kaiser permanente side.
Big pothole in center lane going west about 3 inches deep
Area  road has become very raised and uneven.
potholes
Pothole at SE corner  Nautilus and Draper
Damaged asphalt across from 5050 Waring Road
Large pothole in eastbound lane on Genter just at junction wh Girard
Potholes along  gutter in  eastbound #2 lane in  2700 and 2800 blocks  Midway Dr.
Pothole in  northbound #1 lane in  1200 block  Rosecrans St.
Pot hole
Pot hole on east bound entrance ramp to friars rd from mission center
West bound Ex ramp from friars rd to mission center rd
There is a very large pot hole right near  stop line on  eastbound side  Alvarado Canyon Rd.  is hard to see as you approach  stop line because re is a small decline. 's towards  center   road and is very easy for your left car tires to run right into .
2 large potholes/ sunken areas
potholes in  middle   street getting bigger
Several potholes in southbound lane just north  Laurel
Intersection needs patching, 7070-7098 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111, USA broken pavement, missing pavement, cracks, etc.  Patch  road and repave sometime in future.
Large pothole in  left lane heading East on Washington St.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
The asphalt leading up to  driveway at 4511 Hawley Blvd has been destroyed due to  rains earlier  year.  During those months re was a constant flood in front  4511 Hawley Blvd that caused  asphalt to slowly disintegrate. There is now several inches between asphalt and concrete where  driveway begins.
Located in North=bound lane just before Rancho Bernardo Communy Park
Mission ctrroad to Friars Rd. Going East --big pothole.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes, road crumbling
Potholes, road crumbling. North side  Angeleno Rd from Berryknoll down past Tyrolean.
Pothole, missing asphalt
Potholes
There is a large pothole in  sourn most lane right before Camino Ruiz intersection.
Bus stop
Rancho Carmel Dr is filled wh potholes before  Carmel Mountain Rd intersection.
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
speedlim sign k/o in center median
Hole in street.
Major pothole. Not safe.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Cons states lots  holes down  center.
2' x 2' pothole developing after rains, getting larger.
  top   ramp from Mission Center Rd to eastbound Friars Road re is a huge (2 FT long by 1.5 FT wide by approximately 6 IN deep) pothole.   is rectangular in shape and has sharp edges.   blew out my right front tire when I h  on Tuesday (June 19, 2017) evening, resulting in a $300 repair bill.
Maybe you're not taking my request seriously (00184096). Southbound Cactus Road between Airway Road and Siempre Viva Road wouldn't qualify for a passable road in an underdeveloped country. Let me make  repair as easy as possible for your department. I'll take a vacation day f from work and pick up your supervisor and drive that person to Cactus Road. I will drive my car at  posted speed lim on  southbound lane so that person can see all   potholes that still remain and  damage those holes are doing to my car. I will n drive  supervisor back to his or her place  employment. My number is 619-336-7211. I'm as serious as a heart attack about  unsafe condions   southbound lane. Drivers are driving on  oppose side   road in order to avoid damaging ir vehicles.
Bad pothole on voight drive in  area
Road is extremely bumpy, asphalt is crumbling, many potholes. Difficult to drive on.
Area  was dug up for access in front  Baccus Court has sunk.
Big pothole in crosswalk at 1000 Genter St. & 7300 Girard Ave. Very dangerous to pedestrians
Triangular piece  concrete street sinking leaving several inch deep pothole oppose 5004 Pacifica Dr., San Diego.  Cars coming down hill swerve to miss pothole which creates dangerous suation.
3 potholes in left lane going west. One pothole was fixed but  repair has sunk again.
Major pothole in  right hand lane
Big potholes in street extension f Genter Street
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Can you fix  king  all potholes please. I just spent $5k on suspension repair because our streets are in such bad shape. Pothole is Eastbound side  street just 50 yards before stop sign on Alvarado Cyn & Mission Gorge Place.
Please fix large pothole at  intersection.....also  rest  m on 1st in  area.  Thanks!
Pot holes all  way to Madera,
Pot holes on North and South sides  intersection.
Deep Pothole
Potholes wh loose debris. Rocks getting kicked up and damaging cars. Please fill!
Loose rocks/ potholes. Overlooked by those filling or potholes.
Pothole - deep compression, in middle  street, about 1 foot wide and 8 inches deep, looks like may be sinkhole. Appeared suddenly.
There's a huge pothole in front   gas station on  corner  Euclid and Churchward Street.
This is approximate location. Repaved section   center lane  roadway on westbound Miramar Rd. has sunken considerably. Mistakenly driven over  twice and now I need a realignment. 's awful!
Deteriorated street located at  stop sign at  T intersection.
POT HOLES ON MARKET STREET FROMCROSS STREET 28th to 30th street on Market.
Major 8" deep pothole nearly took my wheel out.
Pothole at Farnham & Ruffin a couple feet wide, right in  middle  traffic going straight on Farnham (east side  intersection).
Pothole
Pothole
Reference 00200033,  address is closer to 8800, west bound, number 2 lane.  This is a very bad attempt to patch  road and whoever is responsible should come back and fix  or be banned.  You can hear  loud bang as cars h .
There are many many potholes at  intersection wh a huge bump at  transion to  defunct track. I'm perplexed at why you're resurfacing Catalina st in OB  while  intersection has been awful for years
Huge speed bump in west bound right lane. The asphalt is lifting. Just before entering north bound ex to 15 north. 's bad
The pothole is very deep.   is about 12 inches square. I am worried that  may be  beginning  a sink hole.
Many potholes need to be patched on  north side  Logan Ave, 50ft west  S. 47th St (by Tacos El Paisa). Please see attached photos.
There is a two very large potholes at  intersection  58th street and Trojan Ave 921115.
APPEARS TO BE A SINKHOLE FORMING. TRASH TRUCK SEEMS TO HAVE DRIVEN OVER SOFT SPOT. 6FT LONG AND 3FT WIDE.
Pothole about a foot and a half wide and 3-4 inches deep in left lane  F Street right before  intersection wh 16th. There is also a smaller pothole in  intersection between  middle and left lane.
POTHOLES ON SOUTH SIDE (E/B)
LONG HUGE POTHOLE ALONG CURB
Nasty pothole on Morena Blvd north bound about a block before turning right at signal into West Morena Blvd northbound. Pothole just across from gas station in oppose  street. Que a jar to car at night when you cannot see to avoid!  Believe I reported  one about a month ago.  eats 17" rims
4 potholes
Entire 2800, 2900, 3000, and 3100 block  Barnard St  are ltered wh dozens  large pot holes and need to be filled immediately. Severe tire and or car damage can occur as well as personal injury or death from vehicle accidents. Thanks and thanks for filling or potholes reported.
Hole  I can see down about a foot.  I'm afraid  will get bigger and become a sink hole.
Long deep dangerous crack in road!
Potholes
Deep pothole in  crosswalk area  south Texas street
Potholes
Potholes are collecting water on  north side  W Washington St., 30ft east  Albatross St. Please patch ASAP so re isn't water buildup near  bus stop.See attached photos.
Pothole near intersection  College Grove and College Ave.
Pothole in front 1879 Elm Ave San Diego ca 92154
Pothole
Pothole
Large pothole in  furst right hand lane on Mission Center Road overpass on Friars Road.
POTHOLE FRONTING 1650 S. 42ND STREET
THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE INTERSECTION OF SOLOLA AVENUE AND PALIN STREET
Potholes
Pothole as you drive East on Rancho Carmel Dr and turn left onto Carmel Mountain Rd  (in intersection)  is  intersection  on  North end  Carmel Mountain Rd not  South End.
Next to fire hydrant
Large potholes unsafe
We have had a pothole in front  our driveway for a while. You came and fixed  but now 's gotten even worse.

Steel plates are beginning to spl. Major hazard.
This one is really bad and kids are tripping over  rocks that have and still are braking up
Street needs to be seriously evaluated.  The entire street is a pot hole sidewalks are very bad a wheelchair would not be able to go through street or sidewalk
Harbor drive is in desperate need  repair. Harbor and Sampson is ltered wh potholes!
Several potholes at intersection.
Broken and missing pavement
Pavement damage around  manhole
Large deep potholes and badly damaged asphalt.  4 request at  location
a small plate in road has sunk making for a deep pothole
Caroll canyon before scripts ranch blvd larger pot hole been re for a while and is getting worse

Pothole on Arthur at 34th
Widening gap in blacktop
3 small potholes
Please fix  potholes ln  northbound lanes  Camino del Norte at Paseo Montanoso.ThanksPatrick
Asphaltic pothole.
Multiple potholes along eastbound Genesee Ave.
Multiple potholes along northbound Mission Bay Dr.
Multiple potholes along northbound Mission Bay Dr.
Pothole near crosswalk. 2 ft long appx 4 in deep
Multiple potholes along northbound Mission Bay Dr.
Huge pothole immediately before Mission Gorge place right before  stop sign going east
PER CONS: 1 FT POTHOLE
There are over 10 potholes and unevenness across  entire stretch  Seminole drive, esp. near Clay Park. I had to align my tires twice in 4 months (not normal) because   potholes. Please fix  street.

Large pothole that is tearing up my tires and rims
SDG&E repair work caused damage to freshly paved road. Please fix.
New pothole middle lane westbound just east  Sea World Way needs filling. Thanks !

Pothole
Large pothole
Pothole
PER WATER UNIT. REFER TO STREETS DEPT TO PATCH A 3X3 POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION.
Very big pothole in  middle   intersection
2' X 2' SINKHOLE
Uneven/wavy ground in  crosswalk hting  bottom  cars
Big pothole  on  Genesee Ave
Heaving roadway in  bike lane on  south side  Clairemont Mesa Blvd. between Santo Rd. and Mollendo.
Left lane, immediately before traffic light stop
at end  Federal ex ramp; Federal Blvd Eastbound -hting pothole wh left side tires
The pothole is in  East bound lane  Gesner Street at  intersection wh Lloyd Street
Two potholes in  North bound right lane  Clairemont Drive in front  Marston Middle School.  Across  street, re is a building wh an address  3654 and  potholes are south   spot parallel to that building.
Pothole near striping
Pothole at alley entrance


Many potholes
Giant potholes
Many potholes
Pothole
Big ass potholes!
Pothole
Pothole
There are numerous potholes, jagged edges, and cracks in  street from 3212 C Street to 30th Street.
Pothole at  stop
Several potholes
Huge pothole at bus stop
Giant pothole
Insanely uneven pothole alley
Large chunk  concrete broke free and is protruding up dangerously around manhole.
Pothole located below traffic light in east-bound lane.





Multiple deep potholes getting worse
Large pothole at driveway and or large potholes in  area.
Several potholes
Huge pothole wh lots  loose asphalt. Very damaging to tires.
Pothole just outside driveway
Corner  Roca and Rios is one big pothole that needs filling.
Middle lane  Ted Williams EBeast  saber springs pkwy
Big pothole in middle  road
Potholes in both directions in  1100 block  Morena Blvd.
This could be  worst street in San Diego. There are more potholes on  street n anywhere else in San Diego. Please repave  street!
From Carmel mountain rd until Ted Williams Pkwy on ramp Rancho Carmel Dr is beyond terrible.  So many pot holes & street damage.  Needs fixed ASAP.
Large divot and asphalt mound.
Potholes in both directions in  1200 block  Tecolote Rd.
Several potholes on entire street on Boulder Lake Ave from Navajo Road to Cowles Mtn Blvd.  Jus as bad, if not worse is Highwood Dr in  same area.
The street is in bad shape.  The surface is heavily cracked and has wide openings and includes potholes.  The street is unsafe for running, biking, walking and any recreational outdoor family activy.  We'd greatly appreciate your help in fixing our road.
Huge pot hole at driveway entrance to Colimas
Large crack in southbound lane
Pothole and large ruts on both sides   street right in front  my driveway. They fix one to  left  our house but  wasn't  ones that affect my car and both because y shake you up. I've already submted pictures over and over again. I've also left a message for Mary Ramirez last week.
Clairemont Mesa and la cruenta,, westbound
Huge depression
Major pot hole causing severe tire damage
Pot hole on palm Ave near Cochran but on palm Ave
Large pothole on  south side  Otay Mesa Rd, approximately 100ft east  Heratige Rd. Please fix ASAP. See attached photos for details
Huge potholes requires immediate attention
Westbound center lane
West bound just past camino ruiz in  center lane as wide as a truck and recently filled but still very deep
RECENTLY FIXED, BUT IT'S A NEW ONE GETTING BIG
PORTHOLES W/B
Third request. The road segment on  steep portion  Valeta Drive needs to be resurfaced! Very hazardous driving condions. Should have been repaved after  middle school retaining wall project was complete. Please fix ASAP!
Tracking Number 00176754 was closed whout having anything fixed. Please fill  large pothole on  west side  10th Av, 50ft north  Broadway. The weight  cars have created a bulge on  side   previously patched pothole. This location may need a more permanent fix. See attached.
There are potholes and crumbling asphalt from  corner  Bobhird and Mulvaney up several block along Bobhird  Drive. The street has too many areas to photograph. Are we on a list for street to be resurfaced ? The patches by  Cy  San Diego are apparent but not long lasting. Basically  street is a mess! Neighbors are taking photos as well to be sent. Thank you very much
Street condion is horrible
Giant pot hole!!!!!
Dangerously deep pothole
CRACK KEEPS FORMING OVER THE SAME SPOT PLEASE CHECK
There is a deep rut/pot hole in  road adjacent to  concrete curb right at  ex   shopping center.  Cars going in and out   shopping center must drive over or through  rut. Bad on tires and alignments.
Several potholes along northbound side.
PER PD: LARGE CHUNK OF ASPHALT WENT LOOSE NEAR MANHOLE. CREATING HAZARD. DOESNT APPEAR TO BE SWR RELATED.
Pothole is about 2 feet wide and 6 inches deep.

Potholes along  Village Pine Dr corridor need attention.
Pothole in left turn lane
not a pothole s a SINK HOLE approaching 3 ft in diameter, above  storm drain.
Steel plates on India Street
Due to  numerous street repairs in  area, a very, very rough area has been left in  location affecting  west bound traffic on Monroe.  I have a 4 wheel drive and have to slow down to almost a crawl due to  unevenness at  spot.
CALLER STATING (WEST OF HOSP) ON E/B LANE HE ALMOST GOT INTO AN ACCIDENT
The entire block  Balboa Dr, from Sixth Ave to Quince Dr, is filled wh dozens  large potholes.

The pot holes are frequent on Euclid Ave and  man hole covers are worse, re are 2. One come too far out   ground and  or is sunken. They both cause drivers to go out  ir lane and slow down dramatically. That street is ruining our cars and is a danger to  public.Please send some one out to fix .
ENTIRE RD FROM LORING ST TO SOLEDAD MTN RD. IS FULL OF POTHOLES ALONG CURB. HALF OF THE ST WAS REPAVED AND THIS WAS LEFT HORRIBLE.
There is a pothole in  South-bound lane on Texas St on  I-8 overpass a b North  Camino Del Rio South.  If you feel  is CalTrans' responsibily, n pass  on to m, but don't just close  ticket.
In  first westbound lane  Palm Avenue, just past  intersection, re is a storm drain cover. On eir side   storm drain cover re are ruts developing causing  storm drain cover to sink. This is, once again, a problem that occurred wh  rehabilation  Palm Avenue by Tri Group 3 years ago.
Dear lord please fix a pothole on  right lane going NORTH on College Ave?? 10 requests have been submted already in 2 months. Across  street from Police Museum



Huge pothole on sidewalk . Dangerous.

3 large potholes on  south side   intersection  Nautilus Street and Draper Avenue in La Jolla, 92037
In  norast corner   Ashford and Beagle street intersection re is a hole  size  a small watermelon and when you look into  hole you can see about 5 feet down and 's empty below. I'm concerned  might turn into a sinkhole.
clairemont mesa blvd and shawline st rough pavement in intersection
In front  Budget Truck Rental(@ 8800 block WESTBOUND Miramar) was a water leak a few weeks back.  Cy crews were busy re for a few days fixing  leak, but re's a large 4'x4' patch that's sunken in  CENTER lane.  Can't a patch be reinforced wh a ltle "roadbase" prior to compaction( if any compaction was done at all)? Since  was a water leak, 's not a stretch to assume that  subbase was a b mushy and needed help. I see people swerving around  and I avoid  entirely. The cy has enough potholes- y don't need to be making more.
Absolutely out rages patches on  road wh metal plates huge bumps, totally unsafe!
Huge caved in area in alley behind 2975 B St. 2nd request. Cy came out and marked area but nothing was done, hole has sunk in more right above sewer line in alley behind my garage, problem getting worse.
pot hole/broken asphalt concrete
Uneven concrete slabs in  middle  streetas much as 4" height difference.Need concrete fill/smooth out.
W/B SEVERAL POTHOLES UP TO AIRPORT
Huge dip in  right west bound lane about 3 inches really bad on  curve
There are a couple (2) holes in  street which are like bowls, maybe sink spots.  I have repeatedly stepped in m when crossing  street forgetting y are re and  or day twisted my ankle pretty badly, since I run  is an issue as  really started to hurt today.  They are pretty good size in  middle   street.
Pothole in intersection wh Bisby Lake
Potholes in number 1 lane  S-SE Sorrento Valley.  5 th request in 5 months.
POTHOLE E/B TO TURN SOUTH
Large and deep dip in  road next to  manhole cover at  intersection  Ohio St. & Howard Ave. The road appears to sinking.
The alley is dangerously cracked and uneven.
Pothole wh chunks  asphalt missing.
POTHOLES  HAVE TO DRIVE ON OPPOSITE LANE TO AVOID DEEP POTHOLES
westbound from  ex  Cabo Santa Fe all  way to San Andres loose asphalt and potholes
Pot holes and cracks all over  pet  63rd. Please fix ASAP!!
POTHOLE "IN CITY PARKING LOT NEXT TO MCDONALDS"
#3 lane  w/b N. Harbor right at  entrance to Terminal 2.  Terrible pot hole and I driver through re 6 times/day dropping passengers at airport, Terminal 2.
my car is being damaged as a result   constant uneven surface   street.  My query is if anyone from  cy has been here to investigate  growing nuisance?  Please let me know how I can instigate a repair  our road.  I am happy to get petions going or to call any or everyone that can bring about change.thank you,Judy Benson
W/B Lanes  Wing at intersection wh Midway.  Huge, terrible potholes/surface.  This is heavily traveled wh traffic to Kaiser and  EF English Language School on Kenyon.
SEVERAL POTHOLES FROM 9865-9883 PASEO MONTRIL
Potholes
Pothole resembling a sinkhole
Pothole is a pretty weak description for  sad state   entire street.  For  love  shocks, struts, and everyones backs, please repave  street!!!! What is  hold up??
LARGE DEEP SINKHOLE, HAZARD
Large foot diameter hole smack in middle  street - I put  in 6 months ago and s still re??
Large pothole in southbound lane  16th Street, just south  Imperial Avenue
many pot holes on  block
street crumbled and dangerous
pot holes
pothole on right side  road on  ramp from 163 south on to 52 west
Two potholes
 entirety  Gold Coast Dr. is badly in need  repairs from Camino Ruiz to Black Mountain Rd
Potholes
Giant potholes over 2 feet wide and 3 inches deep in  right lane
Multiple deep potholes.Westbound lanes right after signal light.
Pothole in southbound lane  32nd St at Meade in  intersection leading to  northbound 805 on-ramp. Pothole leads drivers to swerve left or right  proper travel path.
Greenwood Street and Hancock Street intersection.  Large pothole, please repair.
Multiple potholes starting from  ex to montezuma to  8.













Pothole widening each day about 24" diameter and 6" deep now.   intersection  Canyon Vista Court and Comly St.
BIG POTHOLE IN THE LANE DRIVING AWAY FROM THE POST OFFICE TOWARDS TWIN TRAILS
3rd report   hole.  Inside crosswalk, right lane, northbound.
Holes in intersection
Potholes

Large pothole on Eastgate and Judicial drive
The cy resurfaced limerick ave. from clairmont Mesa Blvd  upto northrop for  2nd time and forgot about from Northrop to regina. The streets uneven wh several potholes.
intersection  Via Del Campo and Via Del Campo Ct
Our street had our sewer renewed a year or two ago by Burtech.  The trench line has been repaired a couple  times but after  winter rains,  trench line is starting to collapse again.  The Wastewater division came out and marked  impacted area and erected cones and placed a barricade in  middle   street to alert motorist.  However, after 2 months no work has begun.   Can  major damage   deep pothole next to  sewer vault lid be filled wh cold patch so  barricades can be removed?  This will give  Wastewater Division some time to get  trench repaired properly.  These barricades in  middle   street have become a driving hazard and  neighborhood has become concerned about vehicles getting side swiped for motorist trying to avoid  barricade at  last second.  Thanks in advance. Bryan Clementson 858-761-6992

Pothole at WB Agate at Cass
This is not a pothole issue, but  was  closest selection I could make on your web se. Over 6 months ago, contractors dug a trench across West Bernardo Drive where  intersects wh Bernardo Center Drive.  The contractors have abandoned  se and  trench and metal plates are still re. No one has worked on  for over 3 months. Please check into  and try to get  job finished. I know  isn't how most projects are handled in SD,  just fell into  cracks somewhere.Thanks!
There is a huge pothole in  inner sidewalk line (to  center point) on  eastern side  Ruffin Road, at 9400-9412 Farnham St., SDCA, 92123.Thank you.

Asphalt has  large holes in  someone was walking and fell in front    residence hurt mselves  really bad, wanted to know if I had insurance for medical care .will be directing m to  m to  Cy  San Diego.
The cy crew placed signs on our street for "no parking" on 6/26/17 and 6/27/17.  They did not do any work at all on 6/26. On 6/27, y did most   street, but left  very worst part   street that is cracked and filled wh potholes untouched. WHY???? They had trucks and at least a dozen crew members on se yesterday morning starting at 630am right re - why didn't y touch ? When are y coming back to finish  job? This is very, very annoying as  condion   road is unacceptable and we thought y were finally going to fix !!!!!!!!!
Deep pothole at intersection  Hancock and Greenwood
Disintegration
Disintegration
Large single Pothole on right side  Northwood lane near top  hill
Several potholes, cracks, uneven street. Please fix ASAP! Very, very bad!!
 Hancock and Washington St. too dangerous to take pictures. Now I have a big bulge on my drivers side front tire.
Next to Encanto Rec Center
huge pothole and trench has formed at  bottom  Texas st hill just after  light at camino del rio south. This may be  worst biking area in town now made worse by potholes and a trench. Almost went over my handlebars  morning. Very dangerous for cyclists and drivers in a very tricky area to begin wh. Please fix before someone dies.
Huge pothole on  entrance  Pershing Drive when exing  5 North Freeway Ex. The potholes are in  middle   painted arrows.
Connector that goes from Camino Del Rio S into Montezuma Rd (or Fairmount Ave south), re are potholes here. Please repair m. Image from Google Maps but 's  same potholes. 's  one-way lane from Camino Del Rio into Montezuma Rd.
X Marks  spot. CAN YOU PLEASE REPAIR A POTHOLE ON COLLEGE AVE, GOING NORTH, ACROSS THE STREET FROM THE POLICE MUSEUM, ON THE RIGHT LANE? This pothole has been here for 2+ months now. Request after request is closed and  does NOT get repaired. Please fix . Thank you. (Image from Google Maps to show you  location)
POTHOLE, 4200 UTAH
Heading South, major pothole in  left-most lane.
S/B, BAD POTHOLE, BAD FOR BICYCLES, HAZARD!
Problem Type: PotholeProblem Description: huge pothole and trench has formed at  bottom  Texas st hill just after  light at camino del rio south. This may be  worst biking area in town now made worse by potholes and a trench. Almost went over my handlebars  morning. Very dangerous for cyclists and drivers in a very tricky area to begin wh. Please fix before someone dies.Problem Location: Texas St, San Diego, CA, Uned States
I ride my bike down  hill every day. Today I h  pothole and trench and almost died. This already  most dangerous spot in town to ride because  all  merging. please fix  extreme danger to cyclists and drivers alike  today
There is a pothole on  far right lane (lane going Eastbound)
  souast corner  Nautilus St and Draper Ave is a large pothole.  Please repair .
Bad potholes in  right eastbound lane that need to be filled ASAP
sink hole/pot hole in street
Deep potholes causing accidents and car damage
5' x 5' street excavation was filled wh semi compacted asphalt is now compacted   from traffic traversing true  hole and presents a 2"-3" depression.
Failed patch
Paving is bad and needs to be redone.  Not filled per water line replacement contract.
Erupting pothole
Erupting pothole
pothole by church caused vehicle damage
New asphalt has sunk in about a foot
pothole in east bound lanes
huge hole
Several pothole s from corner  Arvinals to 5503 Conrad Ave, San Diego CA 92117
Pothole in  eastbound #3 lane at 3363 El Cajon Blvd.
Large pothole getting bigger by  day. Thank you Cy Workers! I appreciate  work you do for  public.
Damaged valve cover in  middle   street. Metal sticking up causing a hazard.
Lots  potholes here
Pothole

Pothole and cracking throughout
Pothole
In crosswalk
Pothole in front  school
Hard to see well but 's a HUGE pothole
Pothole in front  school
Westbound left lane has 3 huge potholes 4" deep and each around 7"-12" Diameter ... photo from google maps
2" x 2" pothole
BIG POTHOLE RIGHT IN FRONT OF DRIVEWAY.
Pothole
4 potholes in  block
Potholes
Potholes
2 potholes in block
potholes
potholes
Massive pothole.
Pavement damaged in NB side  street, pavement shattered and severely distorted, will shortly mature into a 4-5' by 3' pothole, if not more
Pothole in  right lane headed south on Pershing towards Florida/26th st intersection.
Potholes where  painted whe arrows on  pavement are.
Numerous potholes on Carroll Canyon Rd from just west  Business Park Ave to Scripps Ranch Blvd.  Potholes are located in both lanes  traffic.
Large pothole in  northbound lane  1st Avenue just north  Laurel Street.
Large potholes and disintegrating/crumbling asphalt in  immediate area. Right f  Spring Canyon turning onto Sunset Ridge - until just past  first available left-turn  Frank Daniels Way. Section  road is difficult to drive on.
Pothole
test
There is a large repair patch in  middle lane Westbound that is incredibly sunken.  I've h  several times while riding a motorcycle and  is scary as hell.
Very large pothole on  right side   road facing north.
Large pothole, been re for months.
Two potholes side-by-side in right hand lane  southbound dowdy drive
Several potholes
Several potholes from  point to  corner
Here are 2  many eroded spots on Barclay Ave between Eldridge and Mound. We go out to pick up chunks  pavement f  street so y won't get flipped up to damage cars or hurt pedestrians. Thank you for checking  out, and THANK YOU for repaving Zion Ave!!!!!!!!
Pothole
There are numerous potholes at  intersection  Cactus Road and Siempre Viva Road.
Street issues run east and west from  9601-9673 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92123, USA to 5204 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117, USA.  This road needs to be repaved in both directions,  is badly torn up and unsafe.  Please repair and repave.
This road has deep dips in  road in both directions west and east on both sides   road.  from I-15 & Escondido Fwy & I-15, San Diego, CA 92123, USA to Mt Soledad Fwy & CA-52 & Mt Soledad Fwy, San Diego, CA 92111, USA.  There are deep dips that need to be repaved, casues damage to cars,  dips are that severe
POTHOLE
Pothole is right next to a manhole/drain cover  was fixed onece but has come back, even bigger!!!1) facing north on euclid in  second lane close to  sidewalk2) sunk in, chunks   street are rising





94 E freeway. Federal Blvd f ramp at bottom  ramp
Deep pothole in right hand lane  westbound El Cajon Boulevard right before  light and 805 north freeway on-ramp
There is gravel in  middle   street starting to break. Must be fixed as soon as possible please
The entire half mile between  15frwy and Poway Cy line has needed repair for years.
Huge uneven road in  middle lane going west on miramar rd. 's a few miles after you pass Audi Dealership! Someone is seriously going to get injured or have a very expensive damage to re vehicle. 's insane. Fix  right away!! Please contact me right away if you need more information!


Growing pothole at Cardinal Rd @ Cardinal Dr. Only way in or out  neighborhood.
Good morning! I work on Kearny Villa road and over  past year all   water lines under  road have been replaced. The contractor has left  road in terrible condion. The filled holes are eir similar to speed bumps or sunken tenches. I had to get a alignment 6 months ago and need a alignment again now. Is   permanent condion or is re repair scheduled for ? Thank you,Wes Tobiason
Center WB lane
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Cover sinki1
Road is caving in for months. Requested multiple times but nobody has come
WB Clairemont mesa blvd at seda dr. Very harsh, deep pothole in right lane, LH Woods construction both caused  pothole and closed  or lane, forcing cars to h .
I am not sure why  was closed.  Was over re  morning and  pothole is still re.
There is a pothole on  east bound side  Balboa in  middle lane, just before  traffic signal.
11480 Scripps Poway Pkwy, San Diego, CA 92131, USA was repaired recently but a large number  pot-holes were never filled.  was really ridiculous to see some part repaired and some severely damaged part next to  untouched. There are some potholes so bad, that everytime a car passes on , i get scared that my tire will bust
Pothole in  street adjacent to  gutter/driveway entrance to Park Place Apartments property. Approximately 2 1/2'-3' in diameter and 3" deep.
POTHOLE S/B ON BLACK MTN RIGHT BEFORE TRUMAN ST.
The entire road on Genesee is one big pot hole.  The road is so damaged from all  construction happening,  has caused me to have to repair both front tires.
POTHOLE ON FAIRMOUNT AVE EXPRESS. 1/10 OF A MILE NORTH BOUND LANE AFTER TALMADGE CANYON.
Pothole Center lane right before Bernardo Center, Drive
The road has numerous potholes and is generally in an undriveable condion.
This street is horrible cant even ride my bike on  pot holes up and down  road
Pot Hole
LARGE SINKHOLE, HAZARDOUS IFO ADDRRESIDENTS CONED IT OFF
Big ol potholes and growing.
Pothole getting bigger everyday.
In front   bus stop isn't a pothole, 's a lunar crater. Someone not paying attention who drives over  will lose an axle. This has needed to get fixed for months and  keeps getting larger.
The pothole that was fixed needs fixing again
Huge potholes
Multiple deep potholes in  left and right north lanes  Fairmount between Monroe and  I8 freeway.   This section  road needs to be repaved, not just have potholes filled repeatedly.
A very dangerous pot hole as seen in  photos below.  night  is very hard to see and a motorcyclist could die if he or she h  hole at a legal rate. Of speed
Trip hazard
Uneven road, too dangerous to be make right turn Illinois especially at night wh motorcycle or car
Potholes near  street entrance. There are a couple  potholes close toger, making  difficult to avoid any  m, which causes you to h one every time you ex  street.
During  dates  March 22, 2017 and March 29, 2017 Chateau Drive from Mt. Abernathy to Genesee Avenue was re-paved. The 5400 block  Chateau Drive WAS NOT. The resulting 5400 block  Chateau Drive contains numerous and inconvenient potholes. The re-pavement   block  Chateau Drive needs to be completed to insure project completion and public safety
10 report   pothole.
3rd report at  location
Numerous potholes in  intersection
Pot holes in eastbound inside and outside lanes between Camino San Bernardo and  Bernardo Center Dr
Middle travel lane, eastbound on Balboa Ave
Large, deep pothole almost ate my tire when I drove over .
horrible pothole crossing train tracks ripped f front cover on my bumper after striking pothole
LARGE POTHOLE
Huge potholes at  intersection  Maple and Vancouver. The big one popped my tire and messed up my alignment. Talked to many neighbors who really want  fixed as well.
Nasty big pothole in left-most westbound lane.
Broadway and 1st coming around  corner
Rough pothole throughout  street
Pothole on corner  Howard Ave and Florida NE
Missing asphalt by cement driveway
Pothole
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION
6 inch wide x 10 ft long indentation in pavement from a street project over 6 months ago.
Road buckling
Pothole in alley by school
All broken out in middle  Boulevard
at  intersection in  southbound lane...thank you
in  southbound lane...thank you
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole w standing wer
west bound
west bound

This sinkhole still needs repaired, and is a safety issue because  barricades have been knocked down.
The South bound se on Hollister street (area code 92154), between Leon Avenue and Tocayo has a strip  unasphalted  space that is usually riddled wh big pot holes especially when  rains. This also creates traffic congestion especially when  school is open. The cars on  left lane to make a left turn block  cars that need to go straight ahead.This was brought up to your attention que a few times in  past years, but one   excuses n was that  was not in  budget. This should not create a significant increase in  budget as  area is not that big. When done, however,  will give safety and convenience to  residents.I hope something posive happens  time.Respectfully,Cynthia Day
Sunken water valve in  center   intersection  El Camino Real and Townsgate Dr/Neurocrine Pl.
Not very happy you said  was done and give you a survey will I'm not satisfied all y did was spray paint  sink hole and that's  . So 's not done and I'm not satisfied.
Huge pothole
Deep hole on West side  Cass St. at alley between Missouri & Diamond St. Safety hazard.
Deep pothole eastbound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd, about 400 ft. west  Tierrasanta Recreation Center entrance....I think in fast lane.
Westbound on Balboa Ave approximately 100 ft east  Mt Albertine Ave in left lane
Eastbound on Balboa Ave just as you enter intersection to Hathaway St. Eir fast or center lane.
Pothole completely understates  condion  Highwood Drive between Boulder Lake Ave and Coleshill Drive.   is dangerous because people are swerving all over  road to avoid  worst spots.  This is adjacent to a school and should be considered a priory to protect  children both walking along and crossing  street.
Pothole... G and 6th
Deep pothole
Potholes.
Crossing railroad tracks .... transion has been ripped up leaving huge holes going across  tracks ... thank you
Large deep pothole in  northbound #2 lane, in  crosswalk on  nothing side  intersection.
Asphalt upheaval in middle  street.
I am surprised that  cy just had  enre length  Mt. Aladin re-paved, but stopped in front  3601 Mt. Aladin leaving  largest potholes on  street unrepaired. The re-paving stopped whin inches   potholes in question. I even saw  subcontractors marking and measuring  exact same potholes before demolotion and re-paving began, but n y were left untouched. The corner  Mt. Aladin and Acworth sees a good volume  traffic, and se potholes are a real nuisance. Please remedy. Thanks, Rob.
Pothole in second lane  northbound BM road
Pothole in  road on Raejean on  North side.
Pothole
In front   yellow sidewalk lines re is a pothole
The framp to friers from  163 is covered in pothole and divots across all  lanes. Has become very dangerous for motorcyclists and low prile cars.
Pothole
Pothole and debris in street from pothole.
On Pomerania Rd, just after  crosses over Rancho Bernardo going south.  causes cars to attempt to miss  by swerving into  #1 lane next to  median.
Pothole about one foot long wh numerous cracks close by. Smaller holes a few feet away.
Stalker St between Ashford and Linda Vista Rd is so torn up. There is a bus route through  area and  road is badly torn up, mostly at  end between ashford and atlas. Please fix  soon. 's a curvy road through residential will a school along  way. Please fix soon.
PER CUSTOMER HAZARDOUS POTHOLE IN FRONT OF ADDRESS.
Please repair all  cracks and potholes on  street between Esr St and 60th St.
Big pothole right westbound lane, just before  intersection.
Rough, dangerous road by school. Many potholes.
The entire street  Rancho Carmel Drive on  West side   street needs drastic repairs.  There are potholes and very big stretches  uneven road all along  stretch  road between Ted Williams Parkway and Carmel Mountain Road.  This has needed to be repaired for at least a year.  's getting worse and motorcycles are in danger driving on  stretch  road.  We have reported  on several occasions to communy representatives and cy council, but no response.  We have now cc'd several attorney firms to let m know as well.  So if re are issues or accidents  cy is on notice.
Awful bump in car... pothole? Not sure
Growing pothole
The whole section  Rancho Carmel from Ted Williams to Carmel Mountain is really bad and bumpy.
Huge "speed bump" like area in far left lane going west on Camino del Norte. I have complained about  and you closed  out. However,  is still not fixed. When you h  at  speed lim  does damage to your car! Taxpayers would like to buy nice new cars and give you more tax dollars to waste, however we don't want to waste our money driving on se trashy roads!
Large pothole heading west on Camino del Norte just before  intersection at Paseo Montanoso
Pothole.  Left lane just before  light.
Pothole
This street needs some pothole repair going towards Parkside Dr. and Rio Dr.  curve that take you to  54 Freeway.
Pothole in intersection  Bisby Lake. Previously submted and shows closed. Pothole still re.
LARGE SINK HOLE, TRASH TRUCK STUCK. PD ON SITE.
There are multiple potholes in  Dusty Rhodes Dog Park Parking Lot.  Please have m filled as soon as possible.
There is a pothole right in front   mobile home park that has been reported for a long time and no action has been taken
Nasty pothole in left lane  Texas St at stop light going south at Camino Del Rio S cross street. Been re many weeks. This is traffic light just before going up  hill.
This pothole is very deep and  is getting bigger due to  heavy traffic on  road. is on Avarado Cyn Road going East and Mission Gorge Pl. just a feet feet before  STOP sign.
POTHOLE
Potholes
Bad pothole around utily access related to recent street resurfacing. Hard to avoid whenever pulling into  neighborhood. Very impactful to car wheels whenever you h !
pothole
Cracks in  walkway.for over 1 year.My wife fell out  her wheelchair fracturing her Tibia last year.
Parking space where disable placard parking is, is riddled wh potholes,
Pot hole on left and right side  property
Deep rectangular, can see old patch on Google Maps - p extends from R end  that pictured patch (now a deep hole) to top  "H" in Hancock that Gmaps superimposes in Terrain Street View. Super deep.
Deep pothole near construction
 bus stop
This is an update to report 00205244. I adjusted  red map marker as directed and  changed  address to a range on Hancock St instead   intersection I had typed in. II accepted that change as your preference. But when I saw  actual report,  red marker had been shifted down Hancock St from where I'd placed  and no longer indicated  intersection, rendering my description meaningless..So here I am,  trying again: Pothole is on  Rosecrans side  Hancock St at Greenwood St. If you Street View that, n you can see  old patch, etc. as described in above report. The hole is along  edge   concrete strip (where a crosswalk would be) and  asphalt where  Greenwood St crosses Hancock St re. Thanks!
Sunken asphalt from new water? lateral on north bound lanes  causing severe auto/tire damage and needs refilling/smoothing to existing asphalt asap please. Or sunken laterals along Kearny Villa Rd north and south have been filled and probably contractor/Cy missed  lone remaining sunken lateral. Thanks !
Over night damage to  street in front or my house
Clairemont Mesa Blvd in both directions east and west, is covered in two inch inch wide cracks, missing pavement, potholes throughout  street.  The dames is from 5233 Murphy Canyon Rd, San Diego, CA 92123 to 5581 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA.  Please repair  damaged areas and  road needs to be repaved.  Please repair  reaod since  is unsafe to drive.
This is  4th time I have eir called or used  webse to report .  There is a very big in width, length and depth pot hole in  alley.  The trash trucks h  every time.  One  our tenants fell and twisted her ankle. Our cleaning person has fallen a few times.  This week I fell and twisted my ankle and scraped my knee.  When are you people ever going to fix .   is dangerous.   is in  alley on back  our property where we have our trashcans,   Please fix   is very dangerous.   I sent pictures last time.  Please I beg you  is not safe.
Going South on Pomerado Rd  in  number 2 lane at  driveway  Oaks North Village Condo's  re is a water cap that had been worked on and upon replacing  cap  was placed lower than  had been when cars and trucks go over  deep hole  sounds like a very loud crashing sound.  is very bad for cars and trucks wheels and alignment    can cause damage to  front end  car wheel balance and alignment.  The nearest cross streets are Oaks North Drive and Bodega.  I have placed several calls to  number for Potholes and  cy guys came out  same day last week when I reported . Albert called me to let me know  cap belongs to  water department. But since n no one has come out to correct  problem
On East  Scripps Poway parkway f I-15 ex to Scripps summ needs a new asphalt.
THREE POTHOLES IFO SCHOOL
Pot hole along previous trench in street. Close to water facily.
Pothole
Pothole in  westbound lane at  intersection wh Mission Center Road, in front   crosswalk.



















Pothole getting bigger every week
















TIRE SIZED SINKHOLE
s a big Divet in  road










Ludacris crumbling Road full  potholes please fix

4311 Winona ave
4311 Winona ave
W/B POTHOLE
POTHOLE ; PER CUST: The cy never repaired  pothole? WTF? Come back and do your job and fill  pot hole!
Large potholes in middle  street. Damages cars.
Pothole in eastbound lane
Large potholes on Grand Ave, in   east bound lane just east  fanuel.  As  owners  4339 fanuel our house is shaken violently Everytime a heavy weight vehicle hs  section  road.
About 18 inches in diameter and getting larger daily.
pot hole
CAR DAMAGING POT HOLE SLICED A VEHICLE TIRE, AS YOUR ON STATE TURNING RIGHT TO MARKET .
Potholes all down southbound bridge
Big pothole in  center Lane traveling west on Camino Del rio n
The main ally that is used by everyone who lives here between 63rd &65th streets has countless potholes that are over 8in. Wide and over 6in deep that atleast need to be filled if not re paved.  is a paved ally wh no side walk.  is a hazard to people walking and people in wheel chairs let alone cars driving.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION ON IMPERIAL EAST BOUND
Meknes Way is a small street and has been ignored for years.  The entire street from top to bottom has issues.  The bottom near Nawa Way is nearly 100% gravel wh a pothole at  corner.  Near  first house,  road has buckled and has a lump/mound about 8 inches high and 24 inches long.  This is actually blocking ir driveway.  Furr up  street are several potholes forming, crumbling sections and anor section that is nearly gravel.  The street is so bad that we cannot let our kids use scooters, skateboards or or similar ems because  small wheels get stuck in  cracks.  This means that we all must take our kids to  local park to teach m to ride.  Please come take a look and you will see  ltle street needs a lot  attention.
Old fixed pothole sinking deeper. Left lane going south
Large pothole.
Rough Pavement and Potholes.  Street needs to be repaved due to past construction project.  Thank you!
Broken valve box and broken handle to turn f water. Safety concern.
Pothole in  eastbound #2 lane at 1339 Grand Ave.
Potholes in  eastbound #2 lane in  2200 block  Grand Ave.
Potholes in  eastbound lanes in  2700 and 2800 blocks  Grand Ave.
Potholes in  300 block  Sea Ridge Dr.
Pothole in middle  street
Pothole in center   street
 road was just paved, and a deep pothole just formed as if  is a sink hole near  stop sign
I reported  48 days ago. The pothole is getting larger and is in  path where tires meet  road.  This pothole is in  west bound lanes  Market
CRACKS ON STREET GETTING DEEPER.
Potholes
Big, deep pothole at  stop sign at Genter and Girard
The south side - west bound is also a mess.  Patching was done on or side  street, but not on  side.  Potholes galore.  Thank you before tires blow out and  cy will f  bill.  Cheers,
Resident  Clairemont reporting generally rough roads, and potholes on Clairemont Mesa Blvd., east   805 and west   163. Likely that  resident is complaining about  road condions intersecting Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Convoy St.
NW corner  Clairemont Mesa and limericks Ave.  in  crosswalk.  Asphalt has come out  an old construction patch.  This was reported about a month or more ago wh or pothole work that needed to be done.  The potholes were fixed but not .
Deep pothole that will bend wheels and cause flat tires.

Pot holes
Large pothole on 35th Street, southbound side, just south  Madison Avenue.
Pot hole at  intersection 15x20x8  in size.
Hole in  middle   road
Pothole wh metal hook sticking out
potholes from 2500 Imperial to 3200 Imperial
The beach access at  end  Vista Del Mar is in desperate need  repair.  has pot holes and many uneven surfaces that are trip hazards.
Pothole on turnout at ucsd
There are several large cracks and potholes on Whney St, starting from Genesee to Wheatley
Large pothole in  eastbound lane  Division Street.
Several large potholes on Scripps Poway Parkway between Angelique Street and Sunshine Peak Court
Pothole huge in middle lane
Dangerous trip pedestrians are tripping over damaged brick crossing  street 7 and C street
The right lane   street under  bridge has a significant amount  potholes.
There are many potholes along Wirby Street from Hancock Street until past Pacific Hwy.
pothole
CRACKS IN STREET
Asphalt is crumbling, seems as if concrete parts as well on road. About 150 yards in  area is que damaged.
Potholes in front  3051 51st Street 92105 are scratching our cars.
Southbound on Santo Rd at light/entrance into Serra High School (new one opened up)
Eastbound on Via De La Valle, exactly .5 miles from ex light (as northbound on I-5 at Via De La Valle) from re to deep pothole. (especially for motorcycles)
Approximately 15-18" diameter pothole in front  6075 Erlanger St.



South bound lane just south  Hill St .

Numerous potholes(actuallly unfilled Cy San Diego excavations to test water?line connections) needs filled wh a smooth asphalt surface wh existing asphalt in  general area. Some potholes are north and south  location and are clearly visible wh naked eye in  south bound lanes.  Many excavations have been filled but many still remain a basic pothole suation.
Large pothole forming in northbound lane in norrn crosswalk  Texas st at Camino Del Rio South
Large mound  rising dirt and asphalt in  middle  Monroe Ave between Georgia st and Park Blvd
Sunken asphalt and pothole
Please repair  middle lane on  North side  Clairemont Mesa Blvd between Ruffner and Shawline (driving west from Ruffner to Shawline).  This lane has more potholes and cracks than normal.

There is a pothole in  center, left turn lane at 16745 W Bernardo Dr.  I have seen several cars swerve to avoid  pothole, and dangerously enter  oncoming lane traffic.
This was never fixed
On Paseo Del Verano Norte, at  intersection  Camino Ramillette, re is a 2' X 2' pothole.   is near  entrance to  Marbella development.
please fix  road!!! 's in horrible shape.
large pothole on westbound right lane just before signal/intersection.  you can't miss . thanks
Holes are located next to  gutter in  middle  intersection.
Holes located at  ex apron  Vons shopping center.
Asphalt dressing is missing around  edges   manhole cover in  middle   street.
  intersection  Cactus Road and Siempre Viva Road, re are numerous potholes.

water leaking from street
Horrible road
Going South/West re are two large potholes, one near Spectrum and  or furr up in  right hand lane.
2 foot diameter pot hole. Anor smaller pothole is 100 feet west.
P/H in EB lanes
Pretty deep pothole in left and southbound lane
Terrible Street condions. Not safe to walk or drive on. There are a number  seniors who park on  street and have already fell.
The street directly in front  home is crumbling and has caused a depression/pothole right in front  home/garage. This pothole collects water/debris/loose gravel and affects driving into home.
There are several large potholes created from cy worker vehicles doing work nearby for  last year. These potholes need to be repaired as soon as possible because y are only getting worse from not being addressed.
Very deep pothole
Monster pothole keeps getting deeper.  looks like a repair job gone bad. On Mississippi, just north  Universy. Next to  vets fice.
VERY DEEP POTHOLE W/B IN FRONT 3570 CAMINO DEL RIO NORTH. KNOCKED CAR OFF ALIGNMENT
Big ol pothole on  westbound center lane on  curve hard to avoid.
Very dangerous (deep and wide) pothole across number 2 WB lane
Pot hole on end  driveway
Linear full depth cracks in both WB lanes west  Ruffner. Hazardous to bicycles and motorcycles. Reported a few months ago but nothing done yet. Lots  commercial traffic is making  worse by  day. Thanks
Potholes in  1100 block  Buenos Ave.

The patches are sinking again!
Numerous potholes here
Whole alley in need  repair.
Can someone please check out  entire street  Camino del rio North and south.  There in horrible condion
The roads around point Loma are ridiculously dangerous! The workers put down a huge patch  new road next to Burger King but n stopped. The entire point Loma needs to be that way. The rods are terrible re.
Please. Repair all potholes on Montezuma Rd going east.From Fairmount Ave up to Collwood Blvd. portholes are spread out on both lanes several  m. Requests have been made previously and get ignored. Thank you

Huge divot from bus
Potholes along  stop line
Pothole reported on Get  Done app and  was paved over. Recently started sinking again and now a hole has appeared. Sinkhole potential!!! Took pictures over time to show progress....
s a pothole in sting water.  looks like awater main break could happen at anytime,and  looks like an accident waing to happen.
A construction crew dug a trench at Hardy Av and Campanile Dr, SDSU.  The fill materials that  crew put back in  trench is gone at a corner.  Now,  road has a big hole.  's deep enough to get hurt to drivers, especially at night.
There is a large chunk   street that is missing directly in front  my house.  As cars come and go  hole is getting bigger and more pieces and breaking f.

Poor patch job from new housing construction.  Builder should pay for .
Deep Pothole on 163NB Ex to Univ. Ave; left side  road.
There's a pothole in front  my house.  I have to avoid missing  every time I pull into my driveway.  There is also a lot  cracking that could possibly turn into future potholes.  The whole street really needs to be repaved.
There's a pothole in front  my house.  I have to avoid missing  every time I pull into my driveway.  There is also a lot  cracking that could possibly turn into future potholes.  The whole street really needs to be repaved.
Pothole in front  driveway.  Cracking near area.
3 large potholes
SEVERAL POTHOLES
W/B #2 LANE 2 LARGE DEEP POTHOLES, HAZARD!
Center westbound lane
Terrible big pot hole on  left side   south bound 163 ex for universy Ave./6thave. The pot hole is on  left side   road.  is about 100 yards before  billboard wh a La Jolla playhouse advertisement.
There is a pothole on Woodman Street between Margara Road and Cielo Drive.
There are several potholes on Alta View Drive between Omega Drive and Paris Way
There are several potholes on Akins Avenue between 65th Street and 66th Street.
Large number  potholes at  entrance to I-8 west on Fairmont Ave
We just had a new street put in on Jellett street last week.  A large truck went by a few days ago and  is  result.  Some cars bottom out when y go over .
northbound lane
Northbound lane
Northbound lanes filled wh holes, needs a lot  patches or fresh pavement before bridge
Pothole in right lane going NW on Paseo del Verano from Camino Ramilet
Pot hole in front  address
half-basketball size hole in west lane, and many more whole length  westbound lane (east was repaved)
large divot from bus turning
Pothole on Madera and 69th Street
Potholes on Broadway
POTHOLE
There is a large wide pothole breaking up each time cars go over . Very busy street.
Pot hole on  s/e corner .
Asphalt sinking in , in front   driveway.
multiple holes and roughness not a smooth ride  does a lot  damage to  shock. Especially between Gold Coast court and Weston westonhill on Gold Coast dr
Shawline street is in need  repair.   is badly damaged from constant heavy truck bus traffic.  Please repair wh patches and repave in  future.  IT is badly torn up, from   7000-7118 Ronson Rd, San Diego, CA 92111 to  4999 Shawline St, San Diego, CA 92111, USA
Pot hole
Clairemont MEsa Blvd needs repaving, please patch  cracks that run throughout  street in both driectiosn east and west and on both sides   street. The damages start at 8511-8539 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111 and go thru 4886-4898 Doliva Dr, San Diego, CA 92117.  This road gets heavy traffic and needs to be re paved at some point  future.
Damage to curb.  Multiple pot holes at  location
Large pothole wh set  mini potholes at stoplight. Dangerous to tires.
West bound from  entrance  Cabo Santa Fe all  way down to San Andres
Right on top   yellow lines re is a  2-3 foot steep con caved asphalt!!!
String  pearls type potholes in all three lanes.
Well, s a pothole
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes here.

Pothole
18 x 12x 4 inches. next to traffic lane in shoulder. west bound lane on washington west  universy ave overpass
Big pothole on on-ramp to I-5N
Deep  pothole at 9883  Paseo Montril,  shake car badly.
Four potholes on east side  street between alley and A Street
Several potholes at corner  mission bay drive and magnolia ave.
Very rough pavement on west side  street all  way to  94 underpass.
Very rough pavement from 94 f ramp through 94 underpass
Deep large crater on  5 NORTH ramp near  beginning   bridge. The map thinks  is 5 south, but that is incorrect.
Huge pothole
a  pothole about 1' by 1' by 6" deep at  address indicated: Paseo Del Verano Norte and Camino Ramillette intersection
Numerous potholes  varying sizes and loose asphalt chunks at intersection  Collier Ave. and Bancrt St. 92116. High foot/vehicle traffic load intersection wh many heavy vehicles using as adjacent to Adams Business District; heavy vehicles causing smaller potholes to enlarge; hazard to pedestrians, cyclists and vehicles. Bancrt St street overlay deteriorating badly from mid block 4700 Bancrt St. to 4800 Bancrt St.
Entire alley pothole ridden
On Flanders between Agar Ct and Baccus Ct re's a deep hole in  shape  a square. Makes people want to drive around an already narrow road.
On onramp
w.bound lanes on balboa;   holes just east  cannington st.
intersection  CMB and shawline st.    center  intersection,  esp.   northbound on shawline, making left turn on to CMB.
PER CUSTOMER HAZARDOUS 8" DEEP POTHOLE
3rd request!!!   Many potholes between Mound & Eldridge on Barclay.  Are you waing because you are going to repave  whole street??  I notice you have repaved many streets west  Waring Rd. but not east  Waring Rd.
Pothole near a corner on WB Aztec Cir drive (canyon crest dr? parallel to EB I-8), right before up hill, in SDSU
Deteriorating pavement. Please fill  many any potholes from Kemper St to Fordham St in  least. Thanks
There are a number  deep potholes around  souast intersection  Girard and Pearl. They impact  speed  cars passing through  intersection, and are a hazard for pedestrians using  north/south crosswalk.
Entry/ex from alley.
Pothole still not fixed
Multiple potholes at  intersection  skyline drive and  4005 Valencia pwy .
Rt th
Pothole area is 5 feet by 14 feet on DelMar Scenic Parkway between Canino del Rocio and Camino del Canto, right where  divide road or  landscape island ends on DelMar Scenic Parkway.  Mapquest  address  2254 Del Mar Scenic Parkway
Eckstrom starts on so. side  balboa ave;  re's a short median strip,  at so. end  strip are several potholes on eckstrom.
The pothole is in  intersection   outer lane   westbound ex  Friars road and Qualcomm way.  The pothole is  length   entire lane and about a foot wide.  There is no way to avoid  pothole.
Larger area   road is sinking. Approx size 3'x5'x 4" deep.There are several or potholes along Ensign Rd between Conrad and Lehrer approx. 3' in diameter wh depths up to 1-1/2" that also need to be repaired.
  intersection  Cardinal Dr and Cardinal Rd re are several potholes that are seeping wh water from below  street.  These wet potholes have been re for more than two months.That corner is  only access to  Birdland neighborhood.  If a sinkhole were to develop, hundreds  homes would be landlocked.
On  west side  Lake Murray Dr. between Navajo and Lake Arrowhead re are approximately 15  se D.G. partially filled potholes in  bike lane due to  construction   new water main. I expect  from  contractor but where's  r.e. on  job? This is been  way for over a month now and somebody's going to get hurt
The entire blocks from Talbot to DuPont and cred union on Catalina needs to be filled where  wireless dig was done. This pinkish fill is right where a cyclist would ride.  is uneven and unsafe.  all needs to be repaved.
Potential sinkhole
This entire block  35th St is in desperate need  repair.
Pothole
Clairemont Mesa Boulevard from interstate 15 to Via Vallarta in Tierrasanta is a disgrace. 's nice that Santo Road recently was resurface but that road had zero problems compared to Clairemont Mesa Boulevard. When will  street get resurfaced on both east and westbound direction? And I'm not talking slurry seal,  needs to be scraped 2 inches down and replaced wh new asphalt.
collapsed road pothole. seriously deep. was previously filled but now damaging to tires and wheels
This pothole is right in  path  travel   car wheel when turning right from Florida to Howard. My car tire skids out in  pothole every time. Please throw a patch  asphalt on .
CUSTOMER STATES THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON THIS STRECH OF ALVARADO RD.
Resurfaced street looks wonderful. Thanks.
along gutter from corner to corner many pot holes, plus check or side  street and at sea ridge and linda way
Right hand southbound
Several growing potholes, and large tracks  uneven pavement due to  construction that took place on  water mains/ sewer system which now seems to be completed.
Pothole at corner  Sambroso Place and Horado needs filling
large pothole about 18 x 18
Pothole
DEAR CITY, Fairmount Ave from Montezuma Rd up to Alvarado Canyon Rd is an embarrassment  potholes. All 3 lanes   street are a ltle  craters that you try to avoid. Please patch m or fix m, we don't deserve  type  qualy roads when  you raise or taxes to fix se. Thank you.
i went over se steel plates slowly i have a very low car and  messed up my  alignment  and i cant drive my car to get to work
There two large pothole (La Jolla Village Dr / Townsend Ctr. Drive - West bound) on if n is anoint 5-6 inches deep!!!
Large and deep square pothole in center lane west bound on Miramar Rd around Rancho Mesa plaza sign.
Major and many Potholes all up and down Olney between Pacific Beach Drive and Grand. This entire road on Olney needs to be paved and filled... 's insane how many or roads are being paved in  area but not  road
This is a commercial border town wh lots  heavy truck traffic.... intersection is in long over due need for pothole and street repairs.....
Ingulf/Denver pothole when turning west onto ingulf.
N/WB in N/E lane
The roots  a tree have completely destroyed  road and pushed parts   street above  sidewalk making  impossible to drive or park. There are large chunks  street missing.
Large dangerous pothole on northbound entrance ramp from Mission Bay Drive onto  I5. 's in  right lane. Heavy traffic area. Please fix
POTHOLES
POTHOLES
Just before AngeliqueHuge pot hole(s) damaged vehicle
POTHOLE E/B BEFORE LEBON CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE
Large Pothole going east right next to manhole.
Multiple potholes in a small after a large one by s manhole cover, going east
Pothole going west
Very large pothole in WB Hancock St. #2 lane, at Greenwood St. intersection.  Hole is > 12" wide, and > 6" in depth.  Very dangerous for vehicles, especially motorcycles.  Please patch asap.  Thanks.
Recessed pipe lid covers in EB #1 lane at intersection  Bisby and Navajo, is deep and causes sever jolt to passing vehicles, and is especially dangerous to motorcycles wh risk for loss  control.  The two (2) recessed pipe lid covers can be seen wh Google Maps.  May require coordination wh or Cy/County utilies to add lid collars or or methods to raise covers flush wh elevated road (due to resurfacing activy, etc.)  Thanks.
POTHOLES BOTH DIRECTIONS
Pothole on  intersection  Balboa and Charger Blvd
Pothole forming westbound lane  Via de La Valle at  intersection  De La Valle Place. Also a few potholes on  same lane between   2 different intersections  El Camino Real on Via de La Valle
Dirt at  bottom   pothole
Gravel forming on se "black stripes" parts  San Andreas Drive
More gravel forming on se "black striped parts"  San Andreas Drive
Full on pothole forming, southbound lane  San Andreas Drive
Full on pothole forming, northbound lane  San Andreas Drive
Pothole forming, eastbound "ex" only lane on Via De La Valle towards I-5 South
Pothole Eatbound #2 lane  Via de La Valle, wires exposed (probably for  traffic signal sensor). Located a few feet just prior to  lim line where  Southbound I-5 framp intersects at Via de La Valle
There are two deep holes on  edge   east side   travelled way that are a dangerous condion  public property.
Deep pothole cracks getting worse
Popular alley filled wh dangerous potholes and cracks
On behalf  Councilmember Chris Ward, a constuent has requesting fixing potholes and cracks in  crosswalk at 10th and Broadway in downtown.Thank you for your assistance,BrianBrian ElliottPolicy AdvisorCouncilmember Chris Ward
Constuent contacted District 1 concerned about potholes in Del Mar area, and more specifically whin  intersection  San Andres Drive and Via De La Valle. This intersection has one large sized pothole located whin s boundaries and is an area that experiences heavy traffic.
Really bad deep pothole
Pot hole on tracks cement - pretty bad. Middle lane
POTHOLE
Massive pot hole on trolley tracks in middle lane.  's been growing bigger and bigger . I believe 's on  cement portion   tracks
Pothole

Deep pothole/ sink hole
Eastbound at stoplight.  Been re for a long time.  My teeth fell out last time I h .  's a monster and I saw China when I looked down on .
Pothole cluster by stop sign here
Pothole on southbound Saturn Blvd.
Tons  potholes on Garnet heading onto Mission Bay Drive before entering  5 North. Such a busy street to have so many major potholes that lerally make your car shake and your tires feel like y are going to explode. This needs to be taken care  asap. All  Garnet shld be repaved but esp here at  intersection heading into 5 North
Large hole
Large pothole on  west side   street is causing lots  debris to be kicked up onto parked cars and even caused a cy bus tire to pop.
Deep pothole at  east end   alley between Garnet and Hornblend St. Please fill and patch.
Southbound Fairmont/Mission Gorge Road,   Right lane under I-8
Pot hole on east bond side by man hole vover
POTHOLE WAS FIXED RECENTLY (VERY POOR JOB!!)  PLEASE REPAIR RIGHT
POTHOLE RIGHT BEFORE INTERSECTION, ON GENTER E/B LEFT LANE
The street is falling apart near  entrance to  driveway and is a growing tripping hazard as  is so close to  sidewalk.
There is a huge pothole in  middle lane  westbound Mirmamar Road, approximately across from  Rancho Mesa Animal Hospal at 8710 Miramar Rd. This pothole is large and takes up most   width   lane.  appears to a pothole that was once filled but has now sunk so far that, even though  was once patched, is very damaging to cars. Please fix at once.
Couple  potholes going southbound before  light
I reported  before  is now growing larger and deeper I would call  a sinkhole
SEVERAL POTHOLES ON WOODMAN ST
LARGE POTHOLE, CONSUMER FELL, INJURING HERSELF!
Pothole in middle  centre lane
numerous small potholes
Pothole in left lane  westbound Farnham St at Ruffin Rd.
Pothole in southbound Torrey Pines Rd., #2 lane, possibly overlapping wh  bike lane
Severe road damage
The norast side   22nd and F Street intersection is a big mess  deep holes right at  corner as you turn northbound onto 22nd Street.   is a hazard for cyclists as se holes can "catch" thin bicycle tires and if one doesn't want to get thrown f her bike, one must veer straight into vehicular traffic.  In fact, a cyclist got injured at  very corner last week (approximately July 3, mid afternoon) and an ambulance, a fire engine, and three police vehicles were on se (what did that cost, by  way?  As much as a repair to  street?).  I don't *know* that she got caught in se holes, though I suspect  is likely.

12" WIDE &   10" DEEP  PREVIOUSLY FIXED POTHOLE  NOT FIXED PROPERLY

163 Southbound near bridge near Scripps Mercy Hospal
There is a crack in  alley that has been getting worse and worse. 's near a manhole for  sewer system. The big crack is so big that you can see into  street and re is a gap between  alley and  dirt causing  neighbors to worry about a sinkhole that would make  alley unusable in  area.
I must travel  road to get to my doctors.... road is  worse road I have ever driven on.  Potholes are  street
This Road is full  Potholes
Rancho Carmel Dr. has multiple potholes along . My mom has back issues and says  hurts to drive on  in  way to work. She has to take  road to get to work.
This is  second request potholes in  entire right turning lane on  Friars ex
Pothole
Potholes everywhere. This is not  first report. The  workers who came to check  potholes in  last report did a poor job, more than my tires are being damaged. Now I am looking to sue  cy or who ever is responsible.
Extremely large and deep pot hole in  left lane  2 lanes on  ex ramp  Universy Ave/6th Ave from 163 South. Located just before  end   median in f ramp towards Hillcrest, before reaching  parking structure on  right.
4 ft round pothole 2feet deep. On  corner  6516 comly st.
There is a pothole in  east alley  51st Street (south side   alley closest to Trojan) that  residents have attempted to fill wh dirt to fix.  gets deeper when  rains, but for now y have added more dirt.
POTHOLE  W/B MIDDLE LANE,  3 FT X 4 FT JARRED HIS VEH, LOCATED BETWEEN CAMINO RUIZ & CABOT
Streets amazingly getting worse, any eta?  The cy may not care about my car but I don't really feel like replacing my suspension. This is unreal.
Sreeet has sinking Area that are big hazardous dips
Large pothole - Westbound Mira Mesa Blvd at Mira Mesa Blvd and Parkdale Ave.  San Diego, CA 92126.
This pothole has not been fixed as was reported
pot holes under  overpass
pot holes  two left lanes
LARGE POTHOLE AT LEHER DR & BAXTER
POTHOLE AT FRINK AND LEHER
Many potholes. Awful. Long time problem. Awful on car tires and alignment.
This pothole is in  intersection  Barnard and Basoline Street 92110. In  middle   road re is a very large (4 feet or so wide) pothole forming, each day  grows in size as you can see  crumbling pavement in  roadway.
Pot
Existing temporary patch  a hole excavated previously has now sunk dangerously below street level, creating a hazard for pedestrians and cars.
FROM BADGER TO BOULDER ON  LAKE ANDRITA, NEED TO HOT PATCH ABOUT 20 POTHOLES. ALSO FILL IN HOLE WHERE CONCRETE APRON MEETS ASPHALT AT 8200 LAKE ANDRITA NEAR BOULDER INTERSECTION
pothole/loose rocks. cy filled or holes but not  for some reason. These rocks get kicked up and damage cars all  time...please fix! Many neighbors have filed reports already, thank you!
There is 2 deep potholes just before entering turn around under bridge to  1-8 East from Fairmont Ave(Mission George) heading South.
MULTIPLE POTHOLES  ON GENESEE AV. BETWEEN RICHLAND ST & LINDA VISTA RD. PLEASE FIX THE ST.
Tons  potholes all over Ingraham and all  PB's main roads ... but or not so main roads being paved... what  heck?!
Pothole is in  far left lane near beginning  ex ramp, slightly less than a foot across and at least half a foot deep!
Several potholes in right lane
Pothole in  eastbound middle lane  Balboa Avenue just as you cross Charger Blvd.
Large potholes near intersection
2 potholes in  right lane. Eastbound side.
Large holr

Large pothole never fixed from last report- directly into driveway for shopping center and Ah-Jiho Mexican Food
The street section on Cannington Drive, next to Balboa Avenue on  north side  balboa has been in a very deteriorated condion for a long time and needs to be resurfaced. Thank You
Large pothole in  middle   street
There's a big pothole in  westbound lane, approximately 1 foot in diameter and 1-1.5 inches deep. Definely a nuisance.
Large pothole
Pothole
Double pothole
Pothole
Pothole
This pothole has been repaired twice now.   was two, now  is three.  I think re is an underlying issue to be looked at before filling  holes again.Also, last time you put a hazard horse up and never came and picked  back up.
East  bound lanes several potholes needs filling please !
Pothole
Large crack across both east bound lanes needs to be filled in to avoid tire damage or auto accident or injury. Thanks for filling in  westbound lanes narrow crack in  same area but east bound lanes filling also. Several previous similar requests. Thanks.
6' x 10' pothole in  traffic lane.
Multiple Potholes on Euclid Ave. from Laurel St up to Chollas Road.
Two large potholes that are getting bigger by  day.
Pothole is on Merrimac Avenue, just feet from  Clairemont Drive intersection.   is in front   driveway into  US Post Office parking lot.
The pothole is on Fond Du Lac Avenue, just feet from  intersection wh Merrimac Avenue.
Many potholes on Fairmount Ave going north in  left lane all  way to Montezuma overpass.
Thanks for fixing  or ones next to  one.  Any chance you can come back and finish please.
Numerous potholes on Montezuma Road on right lane going east from Fairmount Ave Expy up to  Collwood turn lane.
Very, very rough pavement, needs to be fixed. Has been re a long time. Thank you.
For some reason a large part  Santo road was recently paved, yet y stopped short   intersection wh Portobelo Dr. From  section north is where  road is extremely damaged. You could loose a small  child in some   holes. The hump as cars leave portobelo drive ten causes cars to spin out and even loose hubcaps. Also part  Portobelo dr  was re paved, yet  company left a huge mess including piles  gravel in areas all over  road.
These metal plates are extremely rough on  cars. There is not a smooth transion and s a b higher than  road, making for rough impact when going over  plates. 's is bad enough where drivers have to slow down significantly, which is not good as y are coming down hill. Drivers have to cautiously approach and will only be a matter  time before accidents start to happen. These plates on On WB Garnet, right before Santa Fe St.
West bound lane on  right, right before passing  NEX building. About 75 feet after light for NEX entrance.
The whole street needs redoing especially outside Flicks and down to  bridge into Universy Heights. Please advise when  will completed by.
POTHOLES GOING EB
Pothole (sinking hole) on middle   Nordstad Street, 92154 f Palm Avenue. The hole was filled/ repaired about 3 months ago, and  street closed for 2 days while work was being performed. The hole is back to a depth  6" x 20"  Diameter. Also, a portion  entrance to  street was resurfaced about 1 year ago but  sewer line covers were left below  surface, which creates small pot holes,  result  poor job  ompletion and oversight by Cy Inspectors.
There is a massive lifting   pavement in  fast lane going west on Camino Del Norte right after  intersection  Camino Del Norte and Bernardo Center Dr. The lifting has creating a speed bump which jars  cars going over .  's not really a pothole, but I didn't know what else to call . 's basically a speed bump. The area is right at  end   intersection. If you're in  fast lane, you go through  intersection, and right when you're changing from  intersection to  road is where  bump is. 's gotten worse over time.
Very large and deep pothole on right westbound lane  Park Blvd. just before Presidents Way.
Center lane  West bound traffic has a large sink hole forming from repair work deep enough to destroy lesser vehicles
pothole
s massive. thought i blew a tire driving over .
Pothole
large area in middle  road that has crumbling asphalt.    On Monroe Ave, between Park and Georgia St.
Pothole by East median

large depression in street needs to be evaluated
There is a big hole in  middle   street at  corner  Thornwood St and Auburndale St.  looks like  requires a manhole cover because  is not so large but extremely deep.  is very dangerous, a small child could fall in .
Pothole at 1939 Winnett st.
Alley way (Drury Lane) has several very large potholes and cracks in road due to extreme water erosion from  years storms. To include  metal cover to  electrical system is extremely loud when cars drive over . I believe  recent storms have cracked  concrete so much as to be uneven. Wh residents and businesses in  area  is very disruptive.

The entire road is filled wh m.  is more like f-roading n driving on a paved street.
By
ON VALETA,  IN FRONT OF SCHOOL
The alley between Hawley and Mansfield Street. Behind 3455 Adams Ave.  There are multiple potholes causing car damage. One side   alley closer to Mansfield Street was repaired months ago but  side closer to Hawley needs repair to about halfway down  alley. There is a concrete pile that has been cause by  trash trucks. There are ltle hills in front   garages that scrape underneath  cars that go into ir garages.  The entire alley needs to be repaved if possible.
Stalmer/Beagle St. from Linda Vista to Ashford is riddled wh crumbling asphalt and potholes. Patches upon patches do no good! I have complained about  section  roadway for years! We saw  paving crews come and go in  neighborhood. They paved some   roads but left  WORST one undone. When will you fix ???!!!

Potholes at 3615 Noell St.
Pothole going south. On westernmost lane. About 6 inches wide
Can you guys fix  damn street already? Between  pot full and stop find that you've never repainted  road should be deemed undrivable
Large pot holes all over  section  Lamont from Crownpoint drive up to grand
Pot hole and deteriorated street.  No parks on 7/3-7/7 for street repave but never got completed.  What's going on?
Large Pothole
Several potholes along various parts  Margerum again...Needs a complete repave
Pothole in eastbound lane.  Size about a foot wide and two feet long and three or four inches deep.
Pot hole right at  stop sign. On  ground,  says "STOP" right after  "P", re is a giant pot hole.   intersection  Hillery an Westonhill heading down Westonhill towards Mira Mesa Blvd.
Pothole and 50 yards from  a large uneven surface (that was sinking) that is marked
Potholes in  right most lane for  next 250 yards ( This lane becomes  second most right lane as we drive towards Airport).  So when y go past  point y need to look for potholes in  second most right lane).
LARGE POTHOLE
Potholes is  2 lane from right till McCain Road.
There are multiple potholes at  end   hill on Valeta St.  Please have m filled as soon as possible.
POTHOLE IFO SCHOOL TIRE DAMAGED
One   cy departments just filled a few potholes in  alley between E. Mt. View and 39th Street.  But re are many more potholes that need filled.  There is also a lot  illegal dumping happening in  alley.  Mostly behind  apartment buildings.  's a health hazard,
8850 & 8950 Gold Coast Drive west bound side potholes.
Pothole about 20" in circumference in  north bound TURN LANE in from  SPAWAR, 4301 Pacific Highway, San Diego, 92110. Not on Pacific Highway, but  side road. Lat/Long: 32.747134, -117.197275
Follow up to Service Notification Number 150000828977.  Low prile car cannot access garage whout scraping  top   Sewer Manhole.
The entire street  Euclid from Monroe to Home Avenue is in huge disrepair.  Ugly!Stops signs should be placed at  corner  Euclid and Thorn and Euclid and Isla Vista.  Street is blind and on a hill.  No easy way for pedestrians to cross  street, cars speed up  hill.
bad potholes in alley directly behind address
There is an uncovered utily box in front  Sorrento Restaurant on India St.  My friend fell in  and has a broken ankle. This pothole has been reported by  restaurant at least 8 times!  is in a highly trafficked pedestrian area and needs to be fixed immediately!
On Clariremont Mesa Bl,  south west side, in front   bus station next to  Subway, re is a very large pothole that should be filled.
Uncovered utily box that ss flush wh side walk. A  very dangerous hole!
Potholes
In front  mobil gas stayion
First,  sides   road on Meandro  and Santiago Rd E are crumbling.  There is a large pothole where Santiago E meets Meandro.  Second, re are numerous potholes on  north side  Rancho Bernardo Rd - heading west toward  15 freeway, between Pomerado and Acena.  Some were recently repaired but  repairs failed and y have returned.
LARGE POTHLE
Potholes left behind in  westbound lanes by LH Woods construction. I asked m in person over 2 weeks ago to fill m but  hasn't happened. Wouldn't be as big  a deal if y didn't close  or lane, and force motorists to h one after anor.
This has got to be  worse street in San Diego.  Lived in area 35 years and  so called patch jobs have never lasted. Street needs to be grated and n resealed.
Pothole in intersection
Potholes
Pothole
Gutter has deep depression likely caused by  public bus.
Cement is cracked badly (both numerous locations and extremely deep).  This is very unsafe.  People could twist ir ankles or worse.
Leftmost lane
Deep pothole, hazard near bridge
DEPRESSION IN STREET DOWN THE STREET FROM ADDRESS
Large pothole in sewer easement heavily used as walking path
In  middle lane where Miramar Road turns re is a huge square trench dug.  And not filled back in wh sharp gap.  Tires owie on car no likie.  Fix please.
hole in easement area
Numerous potholes on ramp from CA-163S to Friars Rd eastbound
PER WATER DEPT HAZARDOUS POTHOLE AT ADDRESS
  intersection y have installed trench plates on  north-east side   street. Last night we wnessed cars going over m and y were bowing as if a vehicle too heavy will cause m to break. We have never seen trench plates  "flimsy" and feel y are a serious hazard to drivers.
Pothole Southbound on Pomerado Rd. right before Fieldstone Dr. in  Right hand lane.  There may be ors in that viciny coming up from  I- 15 freeway
Multiple potholes on poblado road till matinal st
Massive deep potholes along Se bound W. Miss. Bay Dr from Gleason Rd to  bridge. I have requested se bad, deep potholes be filled for at least 8 months. What is going on re. These potholes are very dangerous. Get wh  please !!!

Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Severe potholes
Eastbound left lane just before aderman
Multiple potholes not a smooth street uneven road, plus re is a big pothole in  intersection.
Pothole
Pothole
Deep pothole in  dip between SB Genesee and WB Radcliffe Ln

Pothole in left turn lane
This pot hole is in an alley. The address that is listed is not correct ( derived  wrong address from  map). See  attached picture for accurate location in  alley between garnet and hornblend. There are or pot holes in  high-traffic alley way.
Pothole developing on Van Dyke Ave in front  4516 Van Dyke
Street is shattered. Pieces  asphalt pop out like jig saw pieces. seven 7 seven holes at  one address.
missing asphalt in front  house
in front  house
in front  house
in front  house. whole street needs resurfacing.
broken concrete and potholes @ intersection  Lowell/ Plum! Needs to be resurfaced!!! Thank you
entire street is like a jigsaw puzzle wh pieces  asphalt popping out.  has been at least 20 years since repaving!!!!!!!!!!!!!!3 potholes at  address
2 potholes at  address
pothole here also
3 potholes here. That's 20 for  street THIS TIME. Pave our street please!!!
Deteriorated Road needs total repavement
Pothole sinking in

Pothole eastbound Navajo at Bisby Lake
I have lived on Kleefeld for 20 years and  street has never been repaved.  is cracked and filled wh potholes.
Potholes everywhere!!!!
Potholes
Pothole
Large potholes in  left lane on southbound Sixth Ave.
Large pothole in  middle   road
Long lines in  street just east  shawline street into different lanes.
Many Potholes at intersection  10th and E Street
Many potholes at intersection  Broadway and 10th
All train tracks have holes
This is more than a pothole. This hole under  pavement has been filled and covered over several times in  last 2 years. They just recently repaired  asphalt in a 4 foot  square over  before y slurry sealed  whole street. There is a new depression 3 inches deep, 4 inches wide and 5-6 inches long already.   will give way in a matter  days and re will again be a open hole in  street.  is already a danger to bikes and motorcycles.  will soon be a danger to cars too.
Cracks/hole in  dip
Holes and cracks all over intersection at 6 and Broadway
Holes and dips at intersection  Sampson and a harbor dr


2 pot large pot holes going up winnett st. One on each side   street.
Please pave all  Viacha Drive. The road is crumbling.  Thanks.
Pothole in  westbound #3 lane at 3146 Sports Arena Blvd.
Westbound harbor drive just east  Liberator Way traffic light - deep chuckhole.
Several potholes
On Pickett Street, across from  main entrance to Patriot Environmental services, right in  middle   street is a huge pothole crater.   is in  middle   street, directly parallel to  'Patriot Environmental services" sign that is hanging on  building at 3464 Pickett Street.
Big pothole,  was fixed once, but 's reopened - major hazard.
Cracks and holes all surrounding train tracks. And a filled pothole is sinking in
In  alley way   location,  street is terrible to drive on and a complete nuisance to drive on and is very unsafe for children when presented during cars driving because y could potentially flip from  driving.

LARGE POTHOLE, DAMAGED 2 VEHICLES
There is a pothole on Bernardo Center Drive in  right lane turning left into Park Terrace/Regalo Lane stoplight.  Just before  stoplight.  Gave  Soupplantation address as  is approx in  area on Bernardo Center Drive.
The pot hole is que large. My grandson (5 )  was riding his bike, h  pothole and flew over  handle bars
4 foot pothole
A sink hole in  pavement.  The cavy is larger when looked above  hole.  's location is not far from a drain . Landscapers have placed blue  flags by  so residents don't drive over .  Maybe few feet deep. There are cracks on  road that may indicate how long  hole is.
Many potholes. Why was  report closed whout fixing. Saying outside service area. 's San Diego. Fix our flippin roads!!!
There is a pothole that rattles  shock each time I h  pothole directly in  left turning lane in  intersection.  Can you please make  repair?
The Camino Del Rio N road is a designated bike route. There are many bicyclists that take  route to and from work such as myself. However,  road (especially  west bound side) has SOOOOO many potholes. I got a flat tire here last week because I could not avoid  since cars zoom right past me on  road.  is so dangerous. People cannot avoid  potholes for fear  moving a b to  left and interfering wh vehicle traffic. This road is a bike route but  is truly a safety hazard. The potholes are most prominent on  road where  google maps marker is placed. More specifically from where  business Qualy Escrow is until San Diego River Garden in Mission Valley is. While both sides   road should be repaved,  west bound side is DANGEROUS for bicyclists who can't afford to move to  left   potholes during high vehicle traffic times.
Freeway on-ramp to I-5 South from Clairemont Drive.
All along Kleefeld ave. 92117 has potholes 's been 20 years time to repave.  Thank youyou have come and filled  wholes now that is coming out.
There are multiple potholes on  3900 block  Cadden Way going North and South.  Please have m refilled as soon as possible. Thanks.
Numerous potholes on  part  Texas Street
Potholes and damaged Street. 60th Street is  only entrance to  College Park Townhomes. A minimum  168 cars use  road daily. We are ALL paying property taxes.
Widespread pavement failure both lanes  Greyling Dr. This is a heavily used street. This was submted some months ago but no effort seen to address issue.  Polland Ave was ground and repaved last month and  was in far better shape than Greyling. Thanks.
Large pothole
The West end  Aldine Drive needs resurfacing.  The neighbor across  street, 4304 Aldine Drive, is bored by  noise made from  manhole cover in front  her house.  I believe when  street is resurfaced that could be addressed.   This street has heavy traffic wh buses every hour and those using  to cut through Kensington.   This has taken 's toll on  surface.
Large pothole
Pothole is at  end   cul-de-sac and is continuing to grow. Please patch
several pothole in alley behind address
There is a group  cyclist in  neighborhood and we do have to struggle when going around  neighborhood because   terrible condions   streets, please fix Bajada Road, Carnton Way, Graciosa Road,  entire systems  streets is in very poor condion, but se are  worst
Crack that's opened up furr and will only get worse. Thanks.
Fixuktiple potholes and stop sign that needs new striping
Our street was marked for resurfacing, but never was done-y did  or side and surrounding streets, but never ours.  Following up to see if  will be done.  There is extensive cracking and potholes throughout.  Thank you!
Sunset Ridge, at  junction  Spring Canyon is a disaster waing to happen. The street,  surface is rubble and falling apart leaving gaps.  This is difficult for cyclists, strollers and wheelchairs, and extremely uncomfortable for automobiles.  The most previous resurfacing came short in completing  entire street by about a quarter mile.
Potholes galore re are about 5  m just before  intersection and a few in  intersection Bad Bad Bad
Of  many potholes we have here in San Diego,  is one   largest I've seen: 1.5'x3'.   is extremely jarring in a car and likely very dangerous for motorcyclists.
Huge pothole. Reported 11 days agoThanks
Large pothole.
Pothole #3 lane Mira Mesa Blvd east bound.   is continuing to subside.  Also south  re on black mountain road.
8985 Gold Coast Drive west bound side..pothole
Please let me know what is being done about  pot hole while driving over  trolley tracks in  center lane here.  Thank you- shanechi@yahoo.com
Road is severely damaged on Upas from 32nd to Boundary street.  is a bike path but unusable by cyclist.
On Carmel mountain rd from i15 to Camino del Norte re are several large potholes on  pavement in both directions
Potholes on both sides   street.
Numerous potholes
Recently, a portion  Limerick Avenue north  Clairemont Mesa Blvd. was patched.  That portion had previously been resurfaced as well.  The resurfacing and patching has always stopped just south   "No Outlet" sign.   That leaves 2/5  Limerick Avenue north, as well as four side streets, in terrible condion.  We have cracks, potholes, and seams that have opened up after much older repairs were badly done many years ago.  We,  neighborhood, want to know when  cy is going to get around to taking care  OUR end   street.  Our street has been damaged as well by heavy traffic thinking re is a norrn outlet, as well as drag racers trying to brake quickly or turn around (one SUV turned so hard when he saw  dead end that he blew both tires and  rims scraped  surface   street and he abandoned his vehicle, running away.  Check  police reports!).  One  our neighbors tried to patch a few bad holes so his kids didn't fall and injure mselves.  They've since moved.
Dangerous pothole in front  4459 Estrella ave
Unsafe pothole in front  4455 Estrella ave
Holes
crumbling asphalt
Large rectangular pothole between concrete road & asphalt road.
The streets in Summer Hill HOA are cy streets and are in need  immediate repair.
Many repairs already, sinking sink hole.
Pothole in  second lane from  right
Big pothole, please fix.  Everyone drives through  thing and you should see  expressions on ir faces.  I wasn't happy too and now have to go around .'s on Ruffin Road and Farnham St in Kearny Mesa


Two potholes

The roads around  area have been repaired except for  stretch between Second and Third on Ash which is ltered wh damage and potholes.
VERY LARGE POTHOLE ON GREENWOOD BY HANCOCK
POTHOLES
E/B TOURMALINE, BY SCHOOL
POTHOLE
pothole at intersectioncaller: carmaline stewart 619-867-9566
Second Pothole request for  location.  Service request #00201649 was closed whout action.  Multiple potholes and cracking whin 100 feet  provided address. Please provide pothole and street cracking repairs.  Previous street cuts have been exposed due to poor street condion.  Total street repave is needed. Please address  repairs asap.
POTHOLE BEHIND ADDRESS IN ALLEY
Right in front   house re is a que large pothole where cars constantly fall into when driving.  keeps getting larger as  weeks go by. They are also some or holes on  lower area  Coban Street.
After  repair   curb to add  yellow plates,  construction company left a large hole in front   repair.  This is now a two foot pothole on  turn from Northbound Draper to Eastbound Nautilus.  This is probably  biggest pothole I have seen on a major road, and certainly something  construction company who did  curb repair is responsible for.  I am sad that things are worse after  Cy paid to repair.
Very dangerous pothole at  location
There are multiple going North and South on Cadden Way.  Please have m filled as soon as possible.  Thanks.
4100 - 4800
There issue is a pothole, which is approximately 3 inches deep and 2 feet diameter. The pothole is on Cerro Gordo Ave, right near Treat St.
Pothole
There are many potholes on  street.  Please repair  roads.  Thanks!
Many Potholes
In need  new asphalt. A lot  pot holes
Pothole
Portobelo Ct is  only street not resurfaced wh  rest   neighborhood.  is ltered wh potholes and hazardous tripping spots. cy records show  last maintenance was when  was originally paved in 1979. This is horrible. Insult to injury el escorial wy which is a tiny segment   street was resurfaced and all or work stopped as if to show from  main streets that portobelo ct looked fine.
Potholes
Poorly filled construction hole. The pavement patch is sinking and is not level wh  roadway. Hazard for bikes and smaller vehicles.
Pothole in street at curb at ex from Chevron gas station/carwash at 9650 Miramar Road, adjacent to yellow fire hydrant.  See photo for view  ex driveway and curb.
The turn lane has a que substantial pothole. Wide and deep enough for a tire to entirely drop into.
Pothole damaging vehicles and creating unforeseeable hazards to  public at/near  stop sign heading West on Meade, crossing Illinois St.. Please fix in  soonest fashion possible. Thank you!
Eastbound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd in fast lane after Murphy Canyon Rd
Westbound on 52, pothole noticed where  extra lane opens up to get onto I-805 northbound
The entire Promesa Ct. and Promesa Dr west  Promesa Court is full  potholes but nobody seems to want to pave .The or parts   street get paved but not down at  cul-de-sac ends  eir street (because no traffic? I would be so upset if  was my street. I tried walking on  and 's a major hazard) looks like  needs to be totally uprooted and repaved from bottom up. REALLY, REALLY bad.
Glenfield St and Fairmont Ave
Potholes
 asphalt  street is falling apart at  junction wh  concrete on san joaquin drive.
Pothole as a result  cy sewer dept.  storing heavy equipment on  street for 3 months while doing sewer line lateral maintenance.
s appears to look like a small sink hole that s starting to form in front  my house. took pictures, but had problems wh getting m to upload onto .
Deep hole
Pothole at Farnham an Ruffin still not fixed. Hole is getting deeper. Is a couple feet wide. Causes cars to swerve around .
The lower part  Washington from San Diego avenue over  train tracks to pacific highway is an f road nightmare...tired  driving over  mess, please fix 
Pothole
BAD POTHOLE IN FRONT OF DRIVEWAY
Pot holes all up and down  street
Uneven pavement, potholes, when vehicles drive through  sounds as if ir bottom is detaching or being damage.
Uneven and Hazard -  lanes to go straight were paved however right lanes have multiple uneven ans safety factors that needs addressing
There is a bike path along  west side  West Bernardo Road that ends near  south end   Communy Park parking lot.  This area is extremely rough and difficult to navigate when leaving  bike path and entering  Communy Park.  The suation was made much worse when  parking lot was redesigned and resurfaced.  Work in  area is required to make  bike path to communy park transion safe.
CONCRETE STICKING UP IN STREET WITH POTHOLE
Hole in asphalt at end  cul-de-sac on 60th street f  Universy. Possibly beginning  sink Hole?
Two potholes / depressions in left lane northbound. Drivers swerve to avoid m
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Pothole in westbound middle lane
There is a huge pot hole at  intersection  Ingulf and Denver Street.   is growing a ltle b each day.   is almost impossible to drive around  now.
New home builder did not repair  street adequately after trenching  road for utilies.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON PLUM ST.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON VOLTAIRE SOUTH OF CATALINA INTERSECTION.
Westbound in  #1 lane  Scrips Poway Pky, just before Ivy Hill Ln. is a long pothole over 20 feet long and about 6 inches wide.   is even in  picture on google maps from step 1.  THIS IS A SAFETY ISSUE FOR MOTORCYCLES, AS ARE ALL THE OTHER SEAMS OVER 1/4 IN WIDE ALONG SCRIPS POWAY PKY, EAST AND WEST.
Large pothole in left lane heading towards 52/5 on ramps.
Several potholes in intersection  Bancrt and Collier.
Potholes
Several deep potholes on zura way college ave intersection. Reported  before but no updates. Please fix. Very hazardous!!!
pot hole
When coming up  (heading east) on Montezuma,   1/8  a mile  before  right hand turn lane on to Collwood  has 4-5 growing potholes in  right lane. The largest is just before you enter  turning lane.  Cars weave through m, drive on  edge or over  yellow line.  is very dangerous when  road is jammed around 5 in  afternoon.
Pothole in right lane  West Mission Blvd south bound (toward Sports Arena) where bridge pavement ends and road pavement begins.
Fix  big pothole on  street please thank you
The entire Kleefeld Ave. is a continuous series  potholes-- is unsightly, unsafe and ruining cars.  If  is not  worst street in San Diego,  must be a contender.  Friends from or areas are appalled at how terrible  is and hesate to drive ir cars on .  PLEASE consider resurfacing Kleefeld in  near future.   is a short street--should not be too big a job.  Thank you.
Road going down after recent construction
Large pothole in sewer easement heavily used as walking path
Afton Rd as well as Fensmuir Street are in need  repair.  Afton Road is is in pretty bad condion.  Zip code is 92123.
POTEHOLE LARGE
Pothole
Pothole past Olive Garden
Pot hole by bus route 965 stop
Street apron badly cracked. Stettler way and Edmonton Ave
Pothole
Please repair  pothole as soon as possible. The pothole is located southbound on Golfcrest Drive. Asphalt fragments and chunks are on  street and are a danger to drivers and can damage vehicles. Golfcrest Drive is a street that is well traveled. Unrepaired potholes can grow and multiply wh ongoing traffic and use, resulting in an even more expensive residential or municipal paving project. Thank you so much and hope to have  fixed soon.The small cost  preventative maintenance today will provide you wh big savings in  future.
Poway Rd. 92128.  The Whole street from East  Interstate 15 to Sabre Springs PKWY requires complete Pot holes Repairs.  Vehicles are Constantly dangerously dodging Pot holes, or raise Asphalt (Uneven surfaces).   is One   worst  Road In San Diego.  This is heavy traffic, a main throughway, a gateway to  East Counties. Please resurface  Street.
numerous breaks on roadway
Small but significant pothole in front  se driveways
The ENTIRE street is a pothole. The seawall is done,  heavy cranes are gone....and  street is and has been a bloody disgrace.
POTHOLE IN FRONT OF BUS STOP

The segment  Scott Street between N Harbor Drive and Nimz Blvd has many potholes, a few  which are several inches deep.
Right lane.  East bound
A very large pothole in front  my residence is causing traffic to swerve( if not seen in time).  Please fix
MASSIVE POTHOLE, HAZARD, CAUSED BY TRUCK!
Right Lane facing Southbound, right at crosswalk line. There is a concrete pot hole.
Pothole left hand side   right side   rd.
POTHOLES
POTHOLE - LONG POTHOLE IN FRONT OF DRIVEWAY REPAIR ASAP
The concrete surface   alleyway behind 4474 Cleveland Ave and 4479 Maryland St is breaking apart and cracking.  has been for a few years, but  has gotten really bad recently. I live at 4474 Cleveland Ave and a large portion   surface   alley in front  our garage has lifted up and cracked. This constutes a safety issue for my roommate and I since we both ride motorcycles in and out   garage and  surface   alley is extremely uneven re. Not to mention standing water pooling in  low spots   cracked surface after  rains in  Winter and Spring.
northbound balboa at Clairemont drive in right lane
POTHOLE, CAUSED DAMAGE TO VEHICLE, JUST WEST OF SANTO RD
I h a pothole on Mon 7/17/2017 on my right front tire and felt a horrible shaking and crunch. On 7/19/ 2017  cost me 873.92 in front end car repairs for a new front wheel bearing, wheel hub, axle,shaft, and wheel bearing. Then on 7/202017 I spent 69.95 on a wheel alignment. I would like to file a claim.
Deep rim cracker and getting bigger daily
small
Pot hole
Large pot hole in front  address chunks missing 5x2
Pot hole southbound lane in  approximate location needs filling please asap. Thanks !
The street is riddled wh pot holes.  is a terrible street to drive on. Please fix 
Failed trench north  6000 block  Flipper Dr
R
Deep hole on both sides  street. Report by husband 2 weeks ago. Please fix!
  posted 45 mph speed lim, se eastbound lanes are downright dangerous. Vehicles nearly lose control, violently dancing around over  excessively rough and jarring road surface. This whole stretch  clairemont mesa is terrible but some sections such as  stand out as exceptionally poor.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes.   4th request at  location.
Potholes in alley
road in disrepair has not been paved for 20 years
large pothole at  intersection  ruffin and farhnam.  has been re for a long time now and  is getting bigger.
Pothole/deep dip on west-bound  Rancho Bernardo Rd just West  intersection wh Bernardo Oaks Drive in left lane. Really shook my wheel and spring
Pothole, location is approximate but 's re
POTHOLE

THERE ARE LOTS OF POTHOLES ON HIGHWOOD DRIVE BETWEEN LALLEY LANE AND BOULDER LAKE AVENUE.
THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE INTERSECTION OF ALSACIA STREET AND WOODMAN STREET (WEST LEG)
All you have to do is drive anywhere in  cy and you will see our roads in disrepair.  What will  take for  Cy  San Diego to appropriate funds to re-pave our streets, and GET THE JOB DONE!  Mayor Faulkner has already had 1 full term and is going on a second and all we hear is  same lip service.  STILL WE SEE NO RESULTS!  Fixing our roads should be  #1 priory in a cy that has some   best wear and beaches in  nation.  The last time I saw a road paving crew in my neighborhood was 11 years ago!!   That's just deplorable.  I would love to hear from a representative to tell me what is being planned to fix  blight in our cy.  Bill Reiss - 858-228-0058
Pothole. Separating. Major bump.
POTHOLE ACROSS FROM ADDRESS
  intersection and crosswalk on river run south cross street friars road large potholes in crosswalk and street needs to be repaved causes damage to tires and uneven holes causes tripping when walking across 
Pot hole at cross streets Parkbrook Lane and Parkbrook Street
Several potholes on Park Blvd as you approach  I-5 South on ramp in  direction  downtown
Several potholes in left lane on Park Blvd heading towards Balboa Park
Steel plates have been left in street for 2 months, causing cars to swerve around m. Intersection  6th and Pennsylvania.
Intersection  Alta View Drive & Paris Way
Entire  strip  road is covered  wh potholes
Massive potholes up and down street
Huge pothole on west-bound Rancho Bernardo Road. Left lane (#1 lane) just west  Bernardo Oaks intersection.
Massive pothole in left lane going west on Rancho Bernardo road after you pass  light.
2400 block  South Bound  Ingraham    West lane  & including f ramp to  ( Sea World Dr South / Sunset Cliffs Blvd South )
There is big hole after crossing  singnal  black mountain road on Mira misa. I have a pregnant wife and i h my car in  hole yesterday evening. Please fill  Pothole
Pothole still not repaired
POSS SINKHOLE, CANNOT SEE HOW DEEP IT IS..1FT X 6" AROUND

There are numerous cracks and potholes all along  street from Morena on  south to Baker at  north. The street is in serious need  resurfacing.
Raised concert/pavement.
Pothole getting bigger as cars drive by.
Many potholes on  hill, y need to be fixed asap as y are not good for cars and  is dangerous to ride a bike re because   road condion.
The whole street from  intersection  Camino Ruiz to  intersection  Black Mountain Road is full  potholes.  The cars swerve from side to side just to avoid m.  I fear a car accident will happen soon if y aren't fixed soon.
Substantial blacktop erosion. 3rd report   pothole.
Huge pot hole on  eb lanes, wo westview on mirameaa Blvd, Will likely cause flat tires.
Pothole
Pothole
Manhole cover is missing in left lane going east. Please fix asap!
Lots  large rocks need to be cleaned up
Uncovered manhole, feels like pothole when you run over .
Two large potholes and a few smaller potholes on eastbound Scripps Poway Parkway about 800 feet west  intersection at Angelique St.
Pothole developing, re is also one side   crack that has lifted.  Very dangerous for pet owners walking ir dogs at night.
P/H IN INTERSECTION
Potholes
Pothole on Danube/Polaris intersection.
There are large chunks  asphalt that have cracked and popped out surrounding a manhole cover in  middle  Lodi Street. Likely to damage vehicular traffic.
On Arthur, east side  intersection
Pothole-I just twisted my ankle walking over  road here
Gennesee Ave between Linda Vista Road and Route 163 is in bad need  repaving.
large pothole
 street has cracks, potholes, missing asphalt,  street needs to be fixed from Reajean St to Sandrock Rd.  you also need to install 2 stop signs at Greyling Drive and Polland St for children to safely cross  street.   corner is near John Paul Jones Elementary school and children cross  corner a lot.
Pothole in  eastbound lane  El Cajon Blvd and Ohio St.
Large pothole near bus stop.
Pothole in  intersection
Asphalt gone along curb and driveway  9988 Cummins Pl.  Several potholes at end  cul de sac
Clairemont Mesa Blvd is covered wh cracks running throughout  street, and  needs to be repaired.  Street has many potholes and needs to be repaired.  The area in question is from  5219 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117 to 9461 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92123, please repair  unsafe road.
Asphalt potholes   4660 Mission Bay Drive   South Bound  West lane
Big pothole near ada ramp
Asphalt potholes   2880  Westbound Grand Av   North lane also:    Asphalt potholes   2921  Eastbound Grand Av   South lane
Asphalt potholes  3500 Sports Arena Blvd  NorthWest Bound  NorthEast far  lane  curb side
A very bad one. Thanks.
Pot hole by corner  3100 hundred block  Fairmount and glenfield.
Hello,  bike path that runs f Fairmont Avenue to  Mission Gorge/Fairmount intersection has become hazardous.  There's a deep patch  thick sand that's built up on  bike path near  intersection.  I almost lost control  my bike riding through  today.  Also,  brush is overgrown along  path.  The sandy spot is most important though, as someone is going to fall re.
many potholes on ingraham
SEVERAL POTHOLES
Heading west on Rancho Bernardo Road just past Bernardo Oaks Road DEEP pothole in left lane.
Driving west on Barnett...making a lane change to left turn lane...car slumped to  right...and i drove  car very slowly through  left lane to Truxton and dragged  to  Dirty Bird Bar and waed for my AAA driver to take me to a used tire place still open... I have pics on my phone...

There is a huge pothole and/or dip on Westmore Road, somewhere in between Summerdale Road and Via Banco.  This is in Mira Mesa, 92126.There is construction on  road, but still,  pothole is huge, and probably damaged my front right tire/wheel/suspension. was a very loud crashing sound when I went over  dip not even going 15 MPH.This needs to be fixed ASAP, but if I see any damages to my car,  cy will have to pay.
Pothole where concretely and asphalt meet
New potholes emerged. The probpem is that old potholes have been covered up by adding asphalt over  instead  tearing up  piece  road and repairing .
Navajo road to Waring Road, and waring road to cross street  Zion have many potholes which need to be repaired. These potholes are causing damages to our cars
There is a small sinkhole/pothole forming in front  our house, in  exact same space where  Water Dept. replaced some pipes few years back.  looks like  is sinking by about 3-4 inches, and we finally noticed an opening  about 3 in in diameter.
S/B POMERADO RD, 100 YARDS BEFORE SCRIPPS RANCH BL!

Pothole at entrance  27th street and Coronado Ave north side near cross walk.
Entire street between Bernardo Heights Parkway and Camino Del Norte riddled wh potholes, long trenches wh missing asphault and general disrepair. Highly trafficked Middle School and High School location. Been like  for many years wh no attention and gets worse every year. Please help!
They repaved morning side south  Roanoke San Diego 92149. But not  northside that needs a lot  work. Dont think s been done in note n 15 years always missed
Potholes and uneven surface on  right 2 lanes till  next set  traffic lights (section spanning 100 yards).
Street is disintegrating and needs to be replaced, re is a ton  debris everywhere.
There are two potholes relatively close to one anor. One   potholes seems deep. Both   potholes are located a few feet before  stop sign that is across from  Miramar SDG&E CNG fueling station.
POTHOLE BY ENTRANCE TO MOBILE HOME
POTHOLE
Pothole and cracks in  street, poor condions, in need  street repairs.
Multiple large cracks in  street, getting more severe
Old pothole repair that is sunken and getting worse.
Serious potholes street is lerally gone.i throw chunks  street away on a daily basis. Two years ago a rock flew up and broke my husbands windshield costing us 1,200.
many potholes in whole block
many potholes in whole block
Hi! Could we please request  pothole be filled before  America's Finest Cy Half Marathon on Sunday, August 20 for  safety   runners? Thank you!
Multiple potholes on  street that is damaging vehicles.
Hi! Could we please request  pothole be filled before  America's Finest Cy Half Marathon on Sunday, August 20 for  safety   runners? Thank you!
Hi! Could we please request  pothole be filled before  America's Finest Cy Half Marathon on Sunday, August 20 for  safety   runners? Thank you!
Deep and dangerous pothole need to repair immediately

Tire piercing pot holes line  trolley tracks.  Only a matter  time before my tires and rims get damaged.
Harbor and Grape huge pothole straight lane on harbor
1.5' wide pot hole. Extremely dangerous on 45+mph road.
right lane west
North and South El Camino Real Between Del Mar Heights Road and Half Mile
North and South High Bluff Drive from Lady Hill and Del Mar Heights Road
This would classify as a sink hole.  is located on open space cy property at  end  47th Street -  3400 block. There is a canyon (47th Street Canyon or Olivia Canyon) The storm drain is rapidly eroding  soil and re is now a drop  at least 12-14 feet into a p. School kids ten times cut through  canyon walking home and I fear that  may be  scene  a terrible accident if left unattended.
NEW pothole eastbound Friars Rd. where 2 lanes merge into one lane just east   SD Trolley overpass.
New potholes need filling southbound lane. Thanks
Numerous potholes southbound lanes  Catalina Ave from Pt Loma Ave to Charles St needs filling please.
Numerous potholes in  approximate area  eastbound lanes keep popping up and need filling. Thanks.
Numerous potholes west bound lanes from Gleason Rd to Mission Blvd need filling. Thanks !
Large pothole east bound where concrete bridge ends and asphalt begins probably both lanes. Numerous previous requests.
Several narrow potholes on Mission Bl northbound lanes just a few feet north  Mission Bl as you make a right turn just past  sidewalk in front  Starbucks.
Large pothole across all west bound lanes due to uplifting tree roots which need digging up and smood asphalt placed even wh graded surface. Thanks !
Several Major Potholes
On  right lane in front  my neighbor's house is a pothole which is getting larger.When I back out  my garage  is behind  rear wheels.
Potholes eastbound on Balboa and northbound getting on to  freeway.
This pothole has been fixed before and  is back bigger than every.  The hole is right in front  Kate Sessions, just west   crosswalk.  This is a very dangerous suation as drivers try to avoid  dip and pothole, y are not looking at  kids going to and from school.  PLEASE FIX THIS BEFORE CLASSES START THIS FALL...VERY DANGEROUS.
Cardeno is an absolute mess wh potholes and ruts all  way from Turquoise up  street to  top.  This whole problem started when contractors building new houses along  east side   street dug down to join utily lines.  Their street repairs were poor and soon degraded.  Why haven't  contractors/homeowners been held to repair  street?  Why isn't  cy taking ownership   and getting  street repaired?   is obvious that work must be done.
Road full  potholes
Right hand lane  left turn lanes from La Jolla Village Drive into La Jolla Scenic Drive. Pothole.

Large pothole in street.
Pothole in Street.
Lane joint pothole
SEVERAL POTHOLES ON OWEN ST BETWEEN SAN ANTONIO AND ROSECRANS
s been over a month that re has been a big pothole on  street. Can someone go out to repair 
Large pot holes throughout  street
Potholes
Potholes
W/B POTHOLE, JUST WEST OF BERNARDO OAKS!
Pothole in street adjacent to driveway entrance/ex  surface lot.  Also sidewalk/driveway is in bad shape as well.
There is a deep pothole in  middle   street. I had a serviceman come over to my home today and ran over  and  damaged his truck.
Large pothole halfway down Pershing between Redwood and  light @ Florida canyon, at  curve across  golf course (where  cellphone antennas are) s rimmed in red
Pothole/asphalt damage near gutter in front  12032 Verano Ct.  The missing chunk  asphalt has created a hazard, please repair.  Addional asphalt cracks and potholes can be found throughout  cul-de-sac, please repair.
Deep Pothole Located 10-20 feet West   corner  RB Road and Bernardo Oaks Drive median.  Drive West on Rancho Bernardo Road just passed Bernardo Oaks Drive to see  in  left lane near  median.  No photo to show and  map photo does not show  pothole.   Please fix.
Potholes scattered throughout Evening Creek Dr E driving northbound towards  7-11 on Sabre Springs Parkway.  There are 2 pot holes in front  Belmont Village Senior Living Center.  Anor one near  park on  right on Evening Creek Dr. E.
Drivin West on Ranco Bernardo Road at te turnin lane approacin Bernardo Center Drive re is a large pothole.   is just at  beginning   turn lane.   Please fix.   I have no photo and  map attached does not show  pothole.
Multiple potholes on  down hill
There are are some serious pieces  asphalt missing in  section  road. And has been missing for about 5 months.
Pothole
Holes in road
Pothole
Pothole in street
Huge Pothole That is Destroying Cars and Tires
Hard to avoid going downhill at  light
More than 6 inch deep pothole on Nautilus from Draper going east where  corner sidewalk was redone. Turn right from Draper and Nautilus and get a flat tire.
Several potholes in  FRONTAGE road, just south   entrance into SPAWAR, i.e., just south  Enterprise Street.Thanks!
The road is so tore up you can see where  old surface below  destroyed black top is still holding up strong!
West Bermardp Rd west pf Bernardo Oaks Dr #1 lane 18x4 inch pot hole causing cars to swerve.
Round pothole in  street.
The street, Cardeno, beginning at Turquoise street and going north for approximately a quarter mile is in serious need  repair, and has been so for que some time.
This concerns  Midway to Pacific Highway to Washington Street, across Hancock and San Diego Avenue, across three train tracks (two unused) and up Washington Street.The streets are lerally falling apart, and re are too many potholes to count.  Old unused train track is lifting f, holes,cracks uneven hazardous roadway ltered throughout  heavily trafficked area.  These streets are throughways to  airport, Marine Recruing station, Mission Hills and Hillcrest, trolley station drop f, Highway 5 on/f ramp.The hazardous roads begin at Barnett and and go all along Midway and Pacific Highway to Washington, past Hancock, San Diego Avenue and Highway 5 all  way up Washington.Please will something get done.
Road chewed up at corner  Santo Rd & Portobelo St in  bike lane North bound.
Large pothole on  corner  47th and Logan
The patch job after  water line work is collapsing and has turned into a reverse speed bump
Pothole
The manhole cover in  middle  a traffic lane ss approx 3 inches lower than  street elevation. This is a major 'pot hole' in  road and could be a trip hazard for pedestrians and for bicycles.
The manhole cover in  middle  a traffic lane ss approx 3 inches lower than  street elevation. This is a major 'pot hole' in  road and could be a trip hazard for pedestrians and for bicycles.
The manhole cover in  middle  a traffic lane ss approx 3 inches lower than  street elevation. This is a major 'pot hole' in  road and could be a trip hazard for pedestrians and for bicycles.
The manhole cover in  middle  a traffic lane ss approx 3 inches lower than  street elevation. This is a major 'pot hole' in  road and could be a trip hazard for pedestrians and for bicycles.
The manhole cover in  middle  a traffic lane ss approx 3 inches lower than  street elevation. This is a major 'pot hole' in  road and could be a trip hazard for pedestrians and for bicycles.
The manhole cover in  middle  a traffic lane ss approx 3 inches lower than  street elevation. This is a major 'pot hole' in  road and could be a trip hazard for pedestrians and for bicycles.
The manhole cover in  middle  a traffic lane ss approx 3 inches lower than  street elevation. This is a major 'pot hole' in  road and could be a trip hazard for pedestrians and for bicycles.
BIG POTHOLE AT S/E/C  WHERE CONCRETE & STREET MEET
The manhole in  street is approx 3 inches below  level   street. This is causing a 'pot hole' issue and is a hazard to bicycles and pedestrians.
The manhole in  street is approx 3 inches below  level   street. This is causing a 'pot hole' issue and is a hazard to bicycles and pedestrians.
The manhole in  street is approx 3 inches below  level   street. This is causing a 'pot hole' issue and is a hazard to bicycles and pedestrians.
Huge pothole turning right from Draper Ave heading north on Nautilus, very dangerous!!
DEEP POTHOLES INOUR ALLEYFROM 1249 BLUE BIRD LANE ALL THE WAY TO hIGH aVE.
MANY potholes on Rancho Carmel Dr between Carmel Mountain Rd and 56 freeway.
REALLY BAD ROUGH ROAD ENTRANCE FROM 28TH TO 94 GOING EAST
Potholes
POTHOLE
In addion to not being paved,  alley behind  address is in terrible condion. Full  deep potholes (between Universy and Polk).
The manhole in  street is approximately 3 inches lower n  street level. This is causing a pot hole issue that can be hazardous to bicycles and pedestrians.
Nasty pothole! Isn't Avati due for a recap soon????
A few new potholes east bound just past  traffic light SeaWorld entrance in  left lane.
5 foot long sinking depression
UNEVEN STREET, HAS BEEN REPAIRED SEV TIMES
-LARGE SINKHOLE/13X7 FT-MAY NEED CONES
Large deep potholes in  area
Seems like a sinkhole that is developing where re was a recently patched pothole. Immediate action needed. This has been previously reported  last week and not seeing any progress.
Potholes at intersection  Chabad Center DY and Pomerado Rd.
A water pipe repair was performed last month and now a pothole has formed. Approx 20'' wide by 8'' deep.
Huge chunks  concrete have begun falling out, up and down  entire street since  heavy rains we had..  is dangerous to walk across, as I twisted my ankle at night stepping into one   many cracks holes and uneven slabs  patchwork concrete. I once wnessed a racing bicyclists tire sink into one thin crack and he had to pull  out before continuing, from my living room I can hear when an unsuspecting vehicle goes through  rough patches.  The timely fashion for just one repair to one section has long been overdue.. now  street is worse than a 2nd world country.  Please send ficial to investigate.
Multiple tire damaging  pot holes  along curb line  30th causing tire damage .
VERY LARGE POTHOLE. DAMAGE 2 CARS. AT SOUTH EAST CORNER
Rancho Carmel Drive needs to be repaird as soon as possible. There are areas where some wire underneath is showing and concrete.  has not been repaved/repaired in over 25 years or more. The maintenance people need to take a look at  very closely. The request has been asked many times to Mark Kersey's fice but were are not seeing any result.
There are several potholes, and ramps deterioration on se 2 blocks in Loma VillageSears Avenue:328, 331, 368, 460 potholes350 ramp406, 442 ramp deterioration
potholes in  middle   intersection and  area near  cross walk on  Kaiser side.
The sidewalk along Villa La Jolla Drive (denoted in  map), near  entrance to La Jolla Village Square, was left inadequately finished by  cy  San Diego. The work was mandated so that  sidewalks will comply wh ADA standards. The construction workers left a large hole in  asphalt, which is currently posing an extreme trip hazard and subsequent liabily issues.


Deep Pothole wh water coming out on Upas street near  intersection  Texas st.
Pothole in middle   road.
Potholes from i15 to  poway line.
Potholes from Ted Williams Pkwy to Carmel mtn rd.
Pothole! The same one keeps coming back.
Deep pothole. On Upas just west  Texas
Posible sink hole
Damaged and sagging asphalt at Robinson & 1st


Chronic potholes at  location
Badly damaged asphalt
street needs repaved  on Pastoral rd and Ascebo dr.

sixty inch hole 18 inches deep
Big pothole in  right lane going at  light on Grape & N. Harbor Dr. Going south
This road has many potholes, cracks running on  road in both directions, missing pavement please repair  unsafe road.  Please repave after patching  problem areas, area in question is from 4400-4408 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109 to 4801-4859 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109.  Please repair and patch asap do not contact me.  IF not repair complaint will be made to  major.
Pothole near turn
This is one  many pot holes in  area
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole running  lengn  Richmond st at Robinson st
Pothole
Potholes
The water meter to  Towne Center Plaza has been leaking water into  street since about July 4th weekend. Water meter is located on Greenford Drive, cross street Stanwell Street. Near Sherwin Williams paint store.
Friars Rd@Frazee
Massive pothole!!!
2 potholes in front  Marston Middle.  Right lane
Wheel was broken yesterday in pothole ?
Dangerous utily cover
Unfinished construction.  Construction workers did not finish  whole stretch  Division street.  There are so many cracks on  road and have to be fixed ASAP.  Whoever is in charge   construction needs to do a qualy check   work being done.
pot hole

pothole wh water seeping out
pothole
Large pot hole near center  street that is filling wh water.  Same place cy replaced water main.
Reported a month ago
POTHOLE
I h a pothole at harbor drive and Grape street intersection, that resulted in a blowout on  freeway. My rim is damaged and I had to replace  tire.
Large pothole/mound in  middle   street. Falling apart by  day.
Very deep pothole in westbound Lane right before intersection wh 65th Street

Pothole in left hand turn lane  westbound Lane 30 ft East  intersection wh woodburn
Huge pothole
Large pothole next to sewer access.
Road eroding along previous roadwork.
Large potholes
More large potholes
Pothole.
Pothole in bike lane on Gilman Drive near Residence Inn by Marriott. Thanks so much!
Large deep pothole adjacent to  liquor store in  Bay Ho Strip Mall as you make a right turn from Morena Blvd onto Avati Dr
long pothole in front  4197 Avati Dr
PR PD , SINKHOLE AT LOCATION8 IN DEEP AND 1-3 FT WIDE
PR PD , SINKHOLE AT LOCATION8 IN DEEP AND 1-3 FT WIDE
There's a pothole on 3800 block  Logan Ave San Diego, The pothole is big enough that both  your front or rear tires sink right in  pothole... And  Asphalt is all over  street because  cars driving and  tires sink right in  hole..
LARGE POTHOLE IN MID OF INTERSECTION AND LOOSE ASPHALT
We have terrible condions on Country Club Drive, Romero, and Brodiaea. A large tree wh roots causes  road to raise at  corner on Romero, causing traffic to go into  or lane to avoid . Our streets in  Country Club area have not been paved in over 30 years.
Might do a better job  time. This was right next to a pothole filled a few weeks ago.
POTHOLE

Pothole before I-5 on ramp
Please close pothole on  sidewalk.  This is a hazard to tourist and native Californians.  So that people won't trip.
Why wasn't  entire street paved, y left a 100 ft section unpaved.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
There are many potholes on  hill leading down to Famosa on  4200 block  Valeta Street.
Massive cracks wh large voids all around  manhole cover, looks potentially dangerous

Numerous potholes in 3900 block  Jewell Street.
pothole east ted williams
Large AC pavement depression is near  SDSU parking lot 5A and  gated parking lot  5840 Hardy Ave.   can be looked up on Google Street View.
Pothole right at  bottom  my driveway
Large Pothole in concrete surface on  east side   street on  way up  hill.
Very large pothole on northbound Morena Blvd. north  McGraw street near  middle  divider
Going south on Ruffin Rd on  left lane. POTHOLE. Second request for cy to fill 
street is in rough condion and is accessed by wheel chair resident who is reporting a hazard to go over wh his wheelchair
Portion   Matinal Rd. in Rancho Bernardo between FLorindo Rd. and Autillo Way is in dangerous condion. There is a number  deep potholes and trenches in  middle   street. I commute to work by bike every day on  street and every time I pray to God that I don't slide into one  se trenches and break my neck.
The downhill from Correia Middle school east on Valeta st to Famosa Blvd is full  uneven pavement and potholes dangerous to bikers and car tire. Needs repair
Convoy northbound left turn lane serious pothole. just before BAlboa.
Numerous potholes along Elm Ave beginning on  east side  16th St extending to  intersection  Harwood St (1 block west). High traffic area wh surface speeds 35 to 40mph.  Some are very deep and undermining  asphalt. There are at least 5 significant holes between  2 blocks (east to west on Elm Ave) - See images
LARGE POTHOLE . WAS REFERRED  TO WWD BUT IT HAS BEEN DETERMINED THAT IT IS NOT SEWER OR WTR RELATED. REFERENCE SR 4106759 IN SWIM
2ND REQUEST, CUSTOMER SAYS POTHOLE IS STILL THERE . CORNER OF ULRIC & COMSTOCK
Larger, deeper pot hole since I reported last time & you said you could not find .   is dead center  intersection between 2nd & Nutmeg.  92103.
There is a pothole going southbound on Woodman Street between Alta View Drive and freeway 54 west.
On behalf   entire neighborhood, THANK YOU for paving  street!!! No more teeth chattering, bone shaking rides down  road! Again, THANK YOU!!!
In front  4492 vehicle damaging pothole
Large dangerous potholes in front  4459 Estrella ave.
Large pothole in front  4460 Estrella ave
From  intersection  college Ave and Del cerro blvd re are tons  potholes cracks and very uneven asphalt that need to be smood out
The entire road is one big pothole and needs to be repaved wh material that will not disintegrate in a few months.
re are a series  large potholes on village glen drive between ruffin road and glencolum drive.
large pothole
south woodman st pothole
pothole in intersection
La Palma Street potholes many
This is a combination  pothole and pavement heave. The pavement is heaving to an extent that cars are scraping  asphalt.  The base has washed out   hole and native material is exposed. The Cy repaired  a year ago but  rains brought  problem back. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks
deep potholes east and westbound palm (sb) av
There are multiple pot holes where Santa Barbara Street intersects Cape May Avenue on  west side   street.

Just passing teolio elementary

Middle   road is bubbling up and a big hole is growing.
POTHOLE IN ALLEY
SEVERAL POTHOLES IN ALLEY
There is big pot hole at  end   ramp down from Camino San bernardo to Camino Del Norte S
Two large potholes in road right at turn causing dangerous traffic suations.
There is a pothole in  left turn lane  westbound Sorrento Valley Rd where you turn on to Sorrento Valley Blvd
Rough road wh multiple potholes
There are many big potholes all along poway road between springhurst and  15. Some   potholes are as large as my tires.  has damaged two  my tires and ruined  alignment on my car. I have seen several hubcaps that have been knocked f along  road from getting caught in  holes. Please pave  road!!!!
Needs repairs


On 7.18.17 at approximately 2:30 pm I was crossing through  intersection  Denver St and Clairemont Ave in  Mission Bay area  San Diego.  I fell and broke my foot and sprained my arm, incurring not only inconvenience, and pain, but  inabily to return to work.  This fall left me in  trafficked area whout  abily to move out  crosswalk.  Fortunately a passerby came and fered me  needed assistance to move out   crosswalk.The intersection is heavily trafficked.   The walk way is not well maintained-wh multiple breaks in  pavement- and  crossing light is too short to accommodate  passage across  4 lanes.   Wh  Best Western and 7-11 suated at  crosswalk,  is  a heavily used pedestrian crossing, which I hope you will better maintain.
Pothole heading west
Pot hole at  most eastern enterance on Jackson Drive between Navajo Rd and Golfcrest Dr fronting  San Carlos Shopping Center near Los Primos Mexican Restaurant. Big trucks use  driveway and y get stuck entering  driveway and y create a pot hole.
Asphalt potholes 4733 Mission Bay drive North  Bound  East lane
"Multiple (Dozens )  	Asphalt potholes    3900 block Balboa Westbound  South Lane"
Asphalt potholes  3900 Block Jewel 92109  PB    South Bound   West lane
2  Asphalt potholes   Mission Bay Dr  Northbound  West lane  at end  onramp to 5 North
street is in horrible condion. PLEASE fix potholes
Mid. Holes on  side   street in at less two to three spots

The street along Home Avenue towards HWY 94W and HWY 94E is in dire need  repaving and repair.
Rancho Carmel Drive between Ted Williams Parkway and Carmel Mountain Road is by far  worst street in my area. Repairs are being done on or small neighborhood streets in  area that are not nearly so torn up. When is Rancho Carmel Drive scheduled to be repaired? Thank you.
Pothole in north bound lane
Asphalt cracking and separating from  concrete at  intersection  Bernardo Oaks Dr. and Prado Rd.  There is addional separation and cracking along  gutters on Prado Rd. where  asphalt meets  concrete.
Pot holes in asphalt wh concrete underneath.
Pothole
Asphalt cracking and separating from  concrete at  intersection  Prado Rd. and Prado Pl.  There is also previously repaired cracks throughout Prado Rd that are have widened and are getting worse.
Asphalt cracking and separating from  concrete at  intersection  Prado Rd. and Prado Way.  There is also previously repaired cracks throughout Prado Rd that are have widened and are getting worse.
Potholes and rough asphalt in north bound lane and intersection
AT END OF DRIVEWAY, DEEP POTHOLE, HER CAR BOTTOMS OUT




Someone in te neighborhood keeps filing  hole wh dirt.  Not helping.  The pothole is right before a curve in  street.  Coming up  hill on Mt. Burnham Drive you can't see  pothole before you reach  curve after  top  hill in  street.
On Rancho Penasquos Blvd at Paseo Montril in  southbound direction on Rancho Penasquos re is two big potholes.
Asphalt potholes 3900 block Jewel SouthBound lane
LARGE POTHOLE

There's a pothole fronting 5851 Division Street.
There's a pothole fronting 5812 Division Street
W/B ,LARGE POTHOLE
There are many potholes on both sides   street that are making  cars drive dangerously to avoid m.   is only a matter  time until  horrible condion   street causes an accident.  The condion   street worsens daily.
GAP IN STREET
major crumbling. Council District 2 reporting.
coming up paradise road f  54 is where  potholes and gravel is missing. re are dips and cracks in  road
This repair was done because  a large water main break.   is very bumpy, ss high above street level and is breaking away by  piece.  Please repair-difficult on vehicles driving over .
There is a pothole on south bound Catalina Blvd just before  intersection wh Chatsworth Blvd, anor south  re just before Point Loma Blvd, and n anor just after Point Loma Blvd.  All three potholes are on south bound Catalina Blvd.
There is a pothole in  south west corner   intersection  Nimz Blvd and W Point Loma Blvd.
we have two more holes in our street.  is a well traveled street that is falling apart. If you travel furr up Birchwood Street going north re are more even larger potholes in  street.
West Point Loma from Evers to Nimz is full  potholes
New pothole popped my tire!!! Mission center ramp to friars going east
Driving and tripping hazard. Pavement is sinking and rising up to a foot.
There are huge holes in  concrete in  alley behind  building.
Pothole
There is a big hole in  intersection la media rd and Otay mesa rd , San Diego . 's being like that for 1 year at least is getting worse and worse is very dangerous because many heavy trucks turn left in  area. Please hope you can fix asap. Thanks !.  This is Lady Iberico . My contact email is mlady40@hotmail.com
Street is crumbling & falling apart 3700 block  Vista de La Bahia
Pacific Beach and all  San Diego for that matter have horrible roads, I have lived in three states and  is by far  worst  all time. California has  highest income tax and overall tax rate in  nation and still we drive on  worst roads! WHY? What is going on? I think we need to have a completely new government here in  state. FIX THE ROADS. God knows  cy is willing to pay s workers to collect  parking tickets for street sweeping, which will generate revenue and not fix a damn thing. I do have a resolution, change San Diego's motto from "Americas finest cy" to "Americas worst streets", n people will know what y're truly getting into before y come to  stink hole.
Two or three potholes in  number two lane just before Russ Blvd.
Boulder Lake Ave from Navajo Rd to Cowles Mountain Blvd is incredibly torn up and makes driving dangerous as people routinely drive erratically trying to avoid  worst   torn up pavement.
Ever-increasing pothole wh loose rocks. PLEASE fix! Multiple neighbors cars have been damaged and multiple requests have been made. Thank you!
street is caving in like a sinkhole, in  bike lane. very dangerous
POTHOLES
Street patch  disinagrating
Alley way between Wilcox and Charles is in complete disrepair wh various potholes, ruts, etc.
Constuent called regarding an issue wh  road on westbound Washington, roughly on  1800 block (in between  Mobil and Chevron gas stations. There is  narrow hole in  ground that runs for a long stretch, starting at  intersection wh San Diego Ave., and running about 50 feet up Washington. He says that he takes  road every day, and he feels that  may damage his suspension one day
Sink hole. kTA.
Hole in  middle   intersection  Leo St and Saranac 92115.
Two pot holes
Potholes throughout  intersection on Broadway, potholes extend from sixth ave to fifth ave.

Potholes and very rough area on Paseo Del Veranao Norte, San Diego closer to  entrance  Oaks North Villas. That part   street on both sides need attention and repair. Thank you.
Pot hole
The whole streat is bad
There has been a huge pothole in  west bound lane  Pershing drive for months. Someone spray painted around  but no one has filled . 's lerally a large hole in  road.
Huge pothole
many company's have torn up  street to put things under , including SDG&E, cox cable, Verizon and recently y cut up  edges to put in ramps for  handicapped. The company that put in  ramps said someone was going to repave  road and fix  holes after y were done. please HELP me  road is so bad  alignment is not correct and was just done.
Hello. There is a big pothole right in  middle   entrance on our street. Because  street is a cul-de-sac, re is no way to avoid  pothole. 's not really just one pothole, 's more like various amounts  potholes that make  road extrememly bumpy.  would be greatly appreciated if  pothole was covered up as soon as possible. Thank you.
VERY LARGE POTHOLES
Simi Truck h access plate in street causing a 4 ft hole.
Pothole in left turn lane
New pothole in west bound lane
How can you miss how bad  condion   road is?  You guys didn't even go look you just closed  status because you're lazy!!
ENTIRE SECTION OF ST UP TO PACIFICA DR. IS LINED WITH POTHOLES AND CRUMBLING ASPHALT.
potholes.  numerous breaks in roadway
from Spring Canyon down Sunset Ridge Drive, about one-half block  street is a total disaster.  is barely able to drive on. potholes and  entire surface   street is crumbling. I can't believe we even have any street in that poor  a condion in  Uned States.
POTHOLE
The pothole is really crumbling fast...'s in  west bound lane, in front  11206 Del Diablo Way. The street has been marked for some time for major paving, but  pothole is really crumbling fast.
Bad pothole xst college & Madra
Potholes
Pothole
Large holes and cracks all down  street. Large asphalt rocks and debris all over  gutters and street side.
Large potholes at  intersection  Cactus Road and Siempre Viva Road.
Southbound Cactus Road between Airway Road and Siempre Viva Road is in  worst condion I've seen  in  past 5 years. Resurface  road.
Pothole in westbound lane
My choice  crumbling streets in our area was not a choice but that is what I'm wring about.    Carton Way is in shambles.  The asphalt is crumbling and is dangerous for bike riders and very hard on our tires.  I live on Bajada  Rd. which is not que as bad but getting worse all  time.  Several streets are affected around us if you drive  area.
SEVERAL POTHOLES ON RANCHO BERNARD AND POMERADO RD
Pothole 1.5 inch hole
ENTIRE STRETCH FROM WINDCREST TO TED WILLIAMS PKY ON RANCHO CARMEL IN POOR CONDITION. BOTH DIRECTIONS
Whole street is so bad.  just looking at  hurts my car.  @ stop sign if you are traveling West or East.Gold Coast Dr and Westonhill,  and anor Gold Coast and San Ramon.
POTHOLE
Over  4th time reporting  in 1 year.  This intersection especially turing onto Camino Ruiz is reall really bad.  even on Camino Ruiz after that turn  road is bad.  You can see  black top pulled up and all mangled.  Miramar Rd in general needs to be redone, everyone see that  sewage lines are sinking and causing huge dips.  See pin point on map for exact spot.
LARGE POTHOLE ON SANTO RD
Sewer cover is eroded and loose.
Why is  closed, nothing has been done.  This was reported to you last year.  Case # 00099100.  FIx  area or qu taxing me.
Has a lot pot hole
Too many potholes, road is in terrible shape. Please resurface Elm Ave between Thermal & Saturn Blvd
Pothole near bus stop
Pothole in street.
Potholes
Potholes
Our street didn't look like  before  was paved. Has been a few months. When are y coming back to fix? This is not  only one on my surrounding streets
Pothole in  middle   street. Third request.  is getting bigger.
Huge hole on  right side   road by  old timey pay phone.
Pothole at 3503 Dickens, photo attched
Huge asphalt hump in middle  right lane on Broadway headed westbound. Was on scooter and was almost thrown f when I h  hump at night.  Very difficult to see at night.  Very dangerous.
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole in street at edge  driveway at above address. My car goes over  every time i drive to or from my driveway. The garbage truck has dislodged  large loose pieces  asphalt several times leaving a large hole
Pothole in EB lanes
Westbound land  Rancho Bernardo Road at  intersection  Acena Dr.  The pothole isn't wide, just deep.  Also, large 4" chunks  asphalt are now coming out and are strewn across  road around  pothole.   The "rocks" in  picture are actually displaced chunks  asphalt that came from  hole next to m.  Please help before someone blows a tire.
On  corner  Avenue Cordelia and  cross street re's a huge pothole in between  cement Street and  asphalt street were huge chunks  asphalt have come out   street
On  corner  Avenue Cordelia and  cross street re's a huge pothole in between  cement Street and  asphalt street were huge chunks  asphalt have come out   street
On  corner  Avenue Cordelia and  cross street re's a huge pothole in between  cement Street and  asphalt street were huge chunks  asphalt have come out   street
Giant pothole is forming where cement in pavement meet at top  hill
Afton Road is in serious need  repair.  Numerous potholes and raised areas continue from Aero drive through Hurlbut St.  Road has caused damage to vehicles, particularly motorcycles.

There is a big pothole at  entrance to  San Diego Gasoline station on Greenford Drive.
Lots  potholes
a 3 foot long  by 2 foot wide pot hole needs to be filled
A 5 foot long by 1 foot wide pot needs to be filled
Numerous potholes northbound Mission Bl just in front  Starbucks-both lanes.
Large deep pothole south bound Mission Bl just as you approach  stop light middle lane approximately near  crosswalk.
Multiple potholes and large cracks on Rancho Carmel Road. I blew a tire while driving on that road and had to pay $240 to get  replaced. PLEASE slurry seal or repave that road.
a 2 ft long by 1 ft wide pothole needs to be filled
A 8 ft long by  1 ft wide pothole needs to be filled
at  right turn at  stop sign on Longford to Acuna  asphalt is breaking up,  area is 4ft by 3ft
a 2 ft long by 1 ft wide pothole needs to be filled
a 3 ft long by 2 ft wide pothole needs to be filled
a 9 ft long by 1ft wide pothole needs to be filled
a 20 ft long by 1 ft wide pothole needs to be filled
A LARGE 3ft wide by 3ft long pothole needs to be filled
Number 2 eetbound lane
Real bad got a flat But  from Broadway and Madera
Potholes all over  portion   road. I have reported  before and  has not been completed. Please fix.
Eider street is full  potholes from  west to  east. We have NO sidewalks here, so any disruption in  street (dumping, potholes Ect) really affect  drive on  small street
We have one large portion   street on  northside  San Pasqual Rd just south  Old Milky Way that has broken f and re is a huge pot hole as a result  .  Anyone that drives into  will have some serious damage to  car or if a bicyclist runs into  y can be injured.  Anor pothole also surfaced on  southbound lane just north  Old Milky Way on San Pasqual Rd.  This road is becoming que dangerous for any vehicle or bicyclist/motorcyclist.  If you can please send someone out to see what I am referring to would be appreciated.Thank you!
5 foot pothole

Pothole
Damaged street
Fiber utily trenches are failing. Plus  asphalt is deteriorating to  point that  aggregate is eroding and causing a slippery surface.  See picture.
Road condion on Gold Coast Drive, from Camino Ruiz to Black Mountain Road is very bad. Or side  Gold Coast Drive was repaired two times in three years, what is  problems for  side, even two schools are located. Please take a necessary action.
Going east b on Aero Dr re is a pothole on  middle   intersection
Multiple potholes on NB and SB Fairmount before and after  Montezuma bridge....re are so many reports  pothole and deteriorating road surface when are you going to actually fix  entire road versus just  constant patching?  I would like answer to that question.
Camino de la Plaza between Virginia Ave. To Willow Rd. Needs urgent repair. Street going west is in horrible condion
POTHOLE N/B CALLER STATES AT INTERSECTION ON MISSION BAY DR N/B TURNING LEFT TOWARD FWY.
SB La Jolla Shores, slightly north  intersection wh El Paseo Grande - new pothole in previously repaired section
Street surface deteriorating and cracking
Constuent at 8292 Calle Calzada, is looking for a pothole repair on ir street.
Pothole
5600-5800 block. Multiple potholes (3rd request)
Big Pothole on Greenford leaving  strip mall causing traffic for people entering  mall because drivers are avoiding  pothole. Thank you
Pot holes
Deep 14" pothole
Pothole in slow lane on Del Mar Heights rd. When turning from Camino Real to go east on Del Mar Heights rd, re is a very bad pothole in  road.
Very bad potholes on  corner  Palm Ave & Saturn. Been like  for months. Please repair
Terrible Pothole. Urgent Fix needed
A couple  deep pot holes and continuous running water. Corner  Greenford and Miramesa Blvd. By gas station
There are copious amount  potholes in  asphalt street & re have been 2 accidents because  m  last week - one lady tripped in  evevning & a child on a bicycle. There is a lot  non-vehicular traffic in Pacific beach Please repair immediately. Thank you very much. Byron McCalister, Esquire
Not a pothole but lumps  concrete causing bike punches
Very narrow road, when you on 56th St and El Cajon Blvd re is potholes , when re is 2 cars on  street  you cant avoid  potholes.  Please fix,  I have ruin my tires
in  left turn lane (turning left from Galvin Ave, onto Ice Skate Pl), re are very large cracks running  length   turn lane.  This is extremely dangerous for motorcyclists as  tries can get stuck causing  motorcycle to fall over.
Fix  f in roada dont wast money on lighting up  damn corando bridge thats fuckin dimb
BAD POTHOLE, HAZARD
Both side  Poway Road from I-15 ex to Springhurst drive,  Poway road need a major paving upgrade. So many pot holes and long cracking need to be fixed.
6inch deep
Poorly finished repair work from some recent construction
Every night for  last few months, at least one vehicle is parked overnight wh people camping inside.  There is a Chinook that is on Greene Street near  corner  Seaside almost nightly, and now anor green pickup truck wh Arizona plates re nightly too.  They urinate on  street/sidewalk, as  smell is re wher ir vehicles are or not.  They leave in  morning and return in  evening.
There is a dip across two north bound lanes. The dip slowly has been getting deeper and wider.  can be dangerous if people speed on that street y could loose control.
The palm trees drop extremely high amounts   orange dates which elderly people regularly trip and slip and fall on, y also stain  side walk.
Very big pothole on corner  47th and Logan
There is a big pothole just as you cross  bridge on West Mission Bay Drive before Quivira Rd.
Abandoned vehicle. 2 weeks
Uneven driving surface and potholes are making poor driving qualy.
POTHOLES
Large pothole in northbound bike lane - very unsafe
The abyss  what used to be a simple pot hole has tried to swallow cars whole.
This whole street is a mess  cracks and holes.
Street is torn up and broken.
POTHOLE
Series  potholes due to heavy truck traffic, deep cracks, missing pavement, buckles on 4800-4818 Shawline St, San Diego, CA 92111 to 7095-7099 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111 in both directions north and south.  Repair ASAP
Various potholes inside  Mt. Hope Cemetery
There is a pothole on E/B Via de la Valle, at  I-5 south on-ramp.
GIANT POTHOLE
100's  potholes on Paseo Lucido from Avenida Venusto to Bernardo Heights Parkway in front  Ranch Bernardo High School.
Massive pot hole on harbor drive going south.
South bound Mission Gorge/Fairmont, far right lane under  Freeway, before on-ramp onto I8-E. Nearly knocked my wheel f. Very severe. Cannot see  because  is in shadow   Freeway but you sure know when you h .
ASPHALT RAISED, HAZARD
POTHOLES

All  upper Elliott needs resurfacing. Cracks and jokes everywhere.
Large pothole getting larger on RB rd West bound West  Pomerado rd
Lots  loose pavement and potholes on our culdesac. Multiple injuries to my kids and ors in  neighborhood. Please repave our street before a tragedy happens do to unsafe streets / pavement.Sincerely,Torre Spencer

Street in bad shape. Lots  kids falling getting hurt daily. Please fix before someone gets hurt badly and ends up going to hospal.Thank You.
Pavement street in bad shape. I have wnessed kids injuries do to bad street. Please fix!!!Than You.
Loose gravel and potholes wh uneven pavement. Please fix for everyone's protection.
Large potholes along  gutter on  west curbline in  3950-3998 block  Twiggs St,
The road condions on Sabre Springs Parkway at Evening Creek Dr northbound to Carmel Mountain Road are very dangerous. There are so many dangerous potholes that I've seen two accidents occur while one driver swerved out  ir lane to avoid a pothole. I, myself, have had a cracked rim that I completely attribute to  potholes on  road. Please use our tax dollars to remedy  horrible strip  road.
Culdesac street needs alot  TLC. Please repave  street before someone gets hurt.
Previous report 00214831 shows closed; large pothole still present.
Previous report 00214835 shows closed; large pothole still present.
Deep pothole between curb and bicycle lane.
Near mph sign
10 potholes on San Vicente St between Cardiff & Meadowbrook
Pothole getting bigger
Multiple potholes, uneven surfaces, and rough roads on Universy Ave in Hillcrest. This is very dangerous for cyclists and is causing abnormal wear and tear on vehicles driving on  road.
Pothole in sidewalk, my dog almost fell inside.
Westbound lanes full  potholes!
THIS REQUEST WAS FIRST SUBMITTED IN 2013 FOR REPAIR.  THIS STREET IS CRUMBLING AND WEEDS ARE GROWING OUT OF THE STREET, AND ALL OF THE STREETS AROUND US ARE BEING REPAIRED BUT NOT OURS?!?!?
Pothole
18 Asphalt potholes 3883 Jewell St, block West lane
Some Cy vehicles were on  street earlier today to fix  pothole, unfortunately, y did  wrong one.  I've attached two photos, one shows  patch y did and  or shows  one that needed to be filled. Jim Carney
DEEP POTHOLE
numerous potholes in  area.  see images attached
re is a pothole at  convergence  larga circle and larga court, which provides an obstacle to vehicles traveling on  street.  has progressively gotten larger.
Asphalt along gutter line is broken away leaving linear potholes along street edge.
A repaired pothole patch that is located on  south side  Tierrasanta Blvd going east just before Esplendente Blvd, in front   gas station in  left most lane has been sinking and needs refilled to make  level wh  street surface.  I would estimate  has sunk 3/4 to 1 1/2 inch already.
Pothole in alley behind address
The street is in bad shape due to major cracks/ potholes in  asphalt
Big holes.  Entire area is falling apart
Large pothole and bus surf (asphalt wave) at bus stop outside  CVS
I submted  months ago and  was closed but not fixed. This things is huge and getting worse daily. Please address right away. Thanks.
Pothole
Manhole cover is about 3 inches below surface  pavement in  intersection
Pot holes at entrance and ex points  driveway.
Trash leftover from homeless camps in  canyon, large ems, unsanary
Whe truck parked on curve   corner. Cal 8s29226, day 2
Limo parked on curve  corner  street. VA 62492ti, carleton and evetgreen
Terrible potholes that reoccur whin days  being filled.  When will  stretch  Fairmount be repaved?
Possible sink hole.
Potholes in alley
Pothole, 3452 Pickett across from  Patriot building.
Pothole
There is a large pothole on  northbound side  Appaloosa Rd just past Camino Doha.  has been filled in wh loose rocks which is insufficient and dangerous to drive over
Lifted concrete 6-8 inches orange and chamoune south  fs17


CALLER STATES POTHOLES AND DENTS
The alley between  3rd and 1st and Brookes and Pennsylvania Ave has a number  potholes causing damage to vehicles.
Pothole 10 x 10 inch in  middle  6644 Springfield St Cracks  asphalt all around  pothole, Danger to two wheels vehicles and compact cars. Many early morining walkers and joggers. Please inspect soon.
Potholes
eastbound;  about 1/2 block distance from corner  mt abernathy & balboa.  large pothole.
In front  1459 Acheson St.
a hole has developed and  looks like  was repaired previously as pieces  asphalt are scattered around  hole.
Pothole near curb
S/B BY HORNBLOWER,LARGE POTHOLE, DAMAGED TIRE!
There is a large pothole in  right lane  south bound Harbor Drive at  intersection  south bound Harbor Drive and Grape Street. The cars continually h .
Double pothole in eastbound lanes  Ft. Stockton Dr. at  intersection wh Randolph St. where  Mission Hills Nursery is located.  They have been re for months, but have gotten much worse recently wh all  heavy equipment in  neighborhood due to street & building construction projects.I traverse  intersection sometimes 2 or 3 times a day, as do many or people, I'm sure, especially when school is in session.  Our cars are taking a beating.Some drivers even cross  double yellow line when re is no oncoming traffic just to avoid m.Will you please repair m?Arlene Van de Wetering4034 St. James PlaceSan Diego, CA 92103(619) 298-1660
large pothole in west bound lane and cold-joint cracks furr downhill.
I have previously reported  probably six months ago or more. There are several exposed monument markers that used to have metal covers but  appears somebody has stolen m. New covers should be installed to make m flush wh  street.
Pothole
Pothole
Chunks  asphalt popping out  road and leaving holes.
Potholes in left lane from Carmel mtn road to cuca street
Asphalt potholes  3900 block South Bound  Jewell
POTHOLE AFTER EXITING THE FWY
Pothole in alley.
4'x2' pothole directly in front  Fire Station 17.  Causing damage to fire engine.
SHE WANTS ALL THE POTHOLES FILLED ON DIVISION ST, CLMS THERE WAS A CREW THERE BUT LEFT AND DIDN'T FILL ALL OF THEM
Large pothole in  south bound lane.  In  middle   intersection.
As reported on 7/23/17 (tracking number 00213672), re are large chunks  asphalt that have cracked and popped out surrounding a manhole cover in  middle  Lodi Street. We are constantly trying to piece m back into place as vehicles knock m out and leave potholes and large chunks  debris in  middle   street. Previously submted report marked as "closed" on 8/9/17 but  repair has not been completed.
Pothole
Pothole at intersection  Longford Street and Longford PLACE.  This is my second request.  First request submted July 29, 2017 and confirmed as Report #00216141.  Work was done on Longford Court and NOT LONGFORD PLACE.
2nd report  pothole and large crack.
re are a series  potholes on Pacific Highway when I get on from Wirby St, and n turn into SPAWAR at Enterprise.  y are right in  middle where y are difficult to avoid in a car, and I almost h one on my motorcycle last week that would have been disastrous.
potholes in front  driveway  property
30" diameter, 3" deep
Multiple potholes at  intersection  Camino Ruiz and Carroll Canyon Road.
Going South down Clairemont Drive, right before you reach Clairemont Court is a large pothole in right lane.
Pothole right in line  left tire going southbound on Genesee at clairemont Mesa.
In  alley is broken and uneven pavement which creates difficulty for someone who uses a wheelchair to  load and unload from ir vehicle.
Pothole
The whole street between Carmel Mountain Road and Ted Williams Parkway is ripped up really bad. 's horrible in both directions. Please note that  photo was taken by a passenger.
Del Sol Blvd between Del Sur Blvd and Picador Blvd. Large Potholes and debri in road near bike lane. Hazardous for cyclists and motorists alike.
The street in front  Southwest High School and south is in horrible condion wh numerous potholes.  Damage to vehicles is occurring.
The back alley has about 20 plus potholes, is not paved,and  dirt from  alley blows into people's yards and houses---several  which face  alley (ir front door actually opens into  alley). Several residents actually use  alley to park ir cars on  lots because  h and run damage to parked cars on  streets. Consistently driving over dirt potholes negatively impacts  cars.  This alley should be paved. Asking  numerous owners on both sides   alley to pool toger and fix  problem mselves is a gross misuse  taxpayer money in addion to not being remotely practical. Homeowners should have access to paved alleys provided by  cy.
SINKHOLE IN #2 LANE  6FT WIDE  AND 8 FT LONG , 2-3 INCHES DEEP
Pot holes in  ENTIRE ALLEY.  Please fix.  I've already damaged both  my cars!
THIS STREET IS EXTREMLY NEGLECTED BY THE CITY AND NEEDS REPAIR IMMEDIATELY. Madrone Avenue from 63rd to 65th street is in very bad condion wh many potholes. As well as  being a small road  can be dangerous wh pedestrians walking while drivers try to avoid  potholes. As well as doing damage to resident's vehicles.KILLING THE POTENTIAL OF THE BLOCK. IT'S HORRIBLE!
Dangerous for cyclists and 2 wheeled vehicles
THIS STREET IS EXTREMLY NEGLECTED BY THE CITY AND NEEDS REPAIR IMMEDIATELY. Madrone Avenue from 63rd to 65th street is in very bad condion wh many potholes. As well as  being a small road  can be dangerous wh pedestrians walking while drivers try to avoid  potholes. As well as doing damage to resident's vehicles.KILLING THE POTENTIAL OF THE BLOCK. IT'S HORRIBLE!



BIG CHUNK OF ASPHALT/CEMENT IN MID OF ST NEAR MANHOLE.
There is a big dip in  road in  southbound number two lane on Sorrento Valley Road as you approach  I-805.  As you are driving  dip just comes out  nowhere.  Not sure if  is for drainage or what, but is seems to be too large  a vertical displacement for a road   size and speed.  Location is approximate.  Please investigate and repair.  There was anor similar large dip on Friars Road which was repaired recently.
Streets are braking up.
4 potholesAddresses:  5187; 5251; 5307; 5301 Streamview Drive



Large pothole and ps, potential sinkhole.Intersection  Brookhaven Rd. and Meadowbrook Dr
Numerous potholes on 54th east frontage between marvin and streamview
On 54th east frontage between marvin and streamview
Pothole on 54th east frontage between marvin and streamview
Pothole on 54th east frontage between marvin and streamview
Pothole 54th east frontage between marvin and streamview
Pothole 54th east frontage between marvin and streamview. I have already had 4 potholes repaired, I submted anor 5. Street needs to be resurfaced not patched. Too many potholes on one block
right lane
Pothole on northbound 6th Avenue just south   163 bridge.
Several potholes on Golfcrest Dr from Navajo to Mission Gorge
Extend repair on Santo Rd from Portobelo Dr to 52 onramp
Extremely dangerous pothole
3ft Pothole on eastbound Scripps Poway Pkwy in  intersection  Angelique St.
Numerous potholes in  area, badly damaged asphalt here and at  next intersection at Friars.
Numerous potholes and damaged asphalt.
This whole section  60th south  Universy is ridiculous.
There are several large/deep potholes on Paseo Lucido, at  intersection  Corte Sabio. Every time y are fixed, y come back whin a couple  weeks.  Most likely due to some water issues under  asphalt.
Road is a complete mess. When driven through  southbound side, 's like f-roading. 's horrible if you drive a car not suable for roads like . Especially when 's by a school, church and residential neighborhood.
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes along Morena northbound in  right lane.
Small pothole.
Several potholes- breaks in  road
Street crumbling creating extended indenture hole
A 4 ft long by 1 ft wide pot hole needs to be filled
a 1 ft long by 1 ft wide hole needs to be filled
a 2 ft wide by 1 ft long hole needs to be filled
a 3 ft long by  2 ft wide hole needs to be filled
at  location re are 2 potholes both 2 ft wide by 2 ft long that need filling
across  street  from  address is an intersection wh Mt cervin drive were re is a 3 ft long by 1 ft wide hole that needs filling
a 9 ft long by 1 ft hole needs some filling up
a previous 3 ft wide by 3 ft wide pothole needs to be refilled,  is sinking back down creating a big dip
a 1 ft by 2 ft hole is waing to be filled
we have an 8 ft long by 1 ft wide hole needs to be filled up
a 3 ft long by 1 ft wide hole needs to filled
Pothole
large pothole #3 lane eastbound balboa av
POTHOLE, HAZARD
Huge pothole
Street sinking and asphalt cracking in front  4052 Conrad Ave
Pothole in front  Burger King
large potholes southbound rancho bernardo rd
Multiple potholes have reopened
SEVERAL POTHOLES ON STREET
Potholes
Flat tires anyone?
Pothole on eastbound Ingulf st just before Denver
Pothole on eastbound Ingulf st before Chicago
RAISED ASPHALT, HAZARD
I have reported  Pothole over a year ago. I still haven't received anything regarding that matter I have already bought 2 times new tires. No one has reimbursemed me anything not sent me  direct paper work... My alley looks worse than  was and I can't even drive thru  since  feels like I'm f roading.. Really bad work for whom ever is fixing "pipes".
Potholes
Pothole still here
Pothole

Street has pot holes from Arvinals to  end  street at Maple.  Street was repaired to Arvinals Ave and n stopped re?
North bound on E Harbor Dr just south  Schley st has poor pavement condions for cyclists in  bike lane and an estimated 3500 participants will be using  segment for  Bike  Bay Event on August 27th.
A chunk  concrete missing.
Large potholes opened up after recent constriction work that weren't cleaned up. "Rocks" from m still in  road.
I noticed a depression in  middle   street at  intersection  Rancho Del Sol Way and Rancho Santa Fe Farms Rd. The depth   5 ft x 8 ft patch has increased since I noticed   first time a week ago. So, I like to bring  to your attention prior to any incident. Because  sink mark is on  downhill side   street, re is risk that a vehicle/bike may lose control, especially in  night time. tached  images below for your review. Appreciate your speedy attention. Regards.
Multiple potholes on transion ramp
Multiple potholes on westbound Clairemont Dr
Potholes
Entire alley from pearl to silver behind 7509 Draper is a mess
10842 Camino Ruiz


Street is full  potholes and cracks creating an unsafe road for vehicles.
Pothole
Upon arrival  cy asphalt repair truck was told to resubm my previous reports as curb erosion not potholes. Sent 6 previous reports. On 54th east frontage between Marvin and stream view starting at corner 3303 54th at Marvin to 3341 54th deep and wide erosion
POTHOLES
3 POTHOLES
3  POTHOLES GOING EASTBOUND, LEFT LANE
Two potholes across from 4055 Mt Albertine Ave, San Diego, CA on  West side  Mt Albertine Ave. next to telephone pole.  Cross street Mt Adelbert Ave.Potholes are approximate 16" in Diameter and two to three inches deep.  Will grow larger as vehicles run over m. Again  section  Mt Albertine Ave, from Balboa Ave to Mt Aguilar Dr, needs to be repaved, which should have happened when  paving crews were in  area, last year!
In alley behind 920 Beryl St
Pothole in middle   street, which we h every time we turn from heading west on Maple and take a right to head north on Boundary st
VERY DANGEROUS POTHOLE!!!
Bad patch  road on Quince/Columbine between Fairmount and Poplar
The parking lot on  Nimz side has huge potholes in .  I believe  is cy property and should be fixed.  I am an insurance agent and recently adopted a dog and started using  dog park on my lunch hour.  The parking lot is horrible!
Pothole sinking in in left turn lane
1 pothole in  asphalt and 1 spot that is sinking about 8" x12" in diameter
Ted Williams Parkway eastbound east  Interstate 15 numerous potholes
The alley between  elcajon blvd, trojan ave, Estrella Ave and 49th st has a lot  pot holes. Please concrete  alley. Thanks
There is a huge pothole at  intersection coming from Paseo Montalban, turning right on Carmel Mountain Rd.  gets bigger every day. The entire intersection needs resurfacing, especially when turning right onto Paseo Montalban from Carmel Mountain Rd.
This address is for Turf Supper Club, located next to an alley. In  alley, near  sidewalk is a damaged, sunken trench-line. 's all concrete (not asphalt).  's worst apx. 4" deep. We have patrons traversing  area every night. Some have been drinking alcohol. Please fill  pothole to reduce  trip hazard.
Pothole. Few inches deep, about a foot wide. Westbound lane
Construction left a trench running across  road. Please fix.
Pot hole 1x2
re is a pothole on  middle   road
2 LARGE POTHOLES ON FERGUSON!
Pot hole in  middle   southbound lane.Reported 3 months ago - 00164607.Still not fixed and ticket# not showing up in system.
Potholes at every part   intersection  Tecolote Rd and Morena Blvd.Submted ticket 00164614 months ago and nothing has been done.
On  south east corner   intersection, re are two very large potholes on  south side   street closest to  curb

Leaking cy water shutf
Possible sunken trench  by new patch
Over 40 potholes ranging from 10 inches to 20 inches all along Midway in front   Old Post Office.
Several potholes in  100-200 block So. Meadowbrook Dr., whin  2 block area in  traffic lanes, going both north & south directions   road. Thank you.
On  El Cajon Blvd heading west leading up to Noah Tires, re are extremely rough potholes or bumps. Please have  fixed or flatten out as  may be dangerous for cars while driving. Thank you!
Street is terrible
Pothole/ man hole sinking in and road collasping
Hazard to bicyclist
POTHOLE
Decent size pothole going east on Balboa between IHOP and Burger King.
Freeway needs repairs,  side on  right is super bumpy
Pothole in  West bound lane  Clairemont Drive between Clairemont Court and Edison Street
Far right lane  Fairmont Ave going north lane that goes into Freeway 8 East. Potholes and sunked in asphalt.
On both side   Scripps Poway Pkwy between I-15 and Scripps Summ Drive. This section needs a new asphalt.
Between Ted Williams Pkwy and Carmel Mountain Rd. This section is due for a new asphalt. We have been waing for a long time. Please so something.
Large hole in concrete turning right from Paseo montalban to carmel mountain road in front  apartments
Bad pothole continues to crumble apart
Large chunks  asphalt coming undone in deepening pothole
In  #1 lane, westbound market, in  intersection  market st and gateway center dr. Vehicles going westbound market or eastbound market and turning north onto gateway center, ten swerve to avoid  hole.
There is a pothole on  street located in front  15175 Innovation Drive
Sinking area in middle  street been like  for decades and is time for attention Some super smooth compacted asphalt would go a long way for a not so jarring drive down  street. Thanks !
Sinking area in middle  street just a wee b east  1775 Froude next to old underground utily lines installed decades ago and is in need  some super compacted asphalt so as to not have such a jarring and unsafe driving condion. Thanks for filling in many potholes so quickly lately.
Numerous potholes Carmel Creek Dr.
The asphalt on our street is failing and beginning to separate wh large chunks coming loose. There are also a few spots where  asphalt has sunk 2-3 inches.
Road, esp alley entrance has numerous potholes and  road is so torn up on  Westbound lane that traffic drives West using  eastbound lanes. I have fallen and damaged my bike already and fear for  safety  ors.
Large pothole in  westbound #3 lane in  4700 block  North Harbor Dr.
This pothole is in  right hand turn lane at  junction or El Camino Real and Del Mar Heights Road---last week was small ---now getting much bigger and has ruined  alignment in my car.  may be related to  construction at  or side  El Camino Real----IT NEEDS TO BE DEALT WITH IMMEDIATELY.
2959 fir st. 3 potholes. My daughter tripped in one  se today, had to go to Urgent Care for 3 stches in one leg and a sprained ankle.
A few pot holes in a cluster near  beginning  Frink Ave.I've seen cars almost h parked cars trying to avoid se pots holes.Possible potential in damaging vehicle tires.
The Street condion is really bad. Needs a paving.Between Ted Williams Pkwy and Carmel Mountain Rd.
East side   street needs a paving. 's hard to avoid hting  potholes and cracking on  street. Between I-15 to Scripps Summ Drive.
This entire in a section needs to be redone all  roads are crappy
6 in sink hole on street
Your workers were out here today fixing something in  south lane. They did a terrible job!!!!!The whole lane is raised almost a foot by a 6 foot wide platform. The force  hting  is equivalent to hting a speed bump and  is a 40 mph street so  can do some serious damage.Please send your crew back out here to properly fix ir mistake asap.And here I thought you guys were out here to actually fix all  our potholes on Avenida Venusto, nope, just out here making things even worse. Go figure!
Large dangerous heaving upward  street next to curb,  significant trip hazard. No action on previous reports for 2 years, n issue closed by  cy whout resolution or comment!!
In center  street exists sinking area(pot hole) along side underground utily line installed decades ago. A ltle asphalt compacted would go a long way to smoothing  hole to be smooth wh existing asphalt surface and will avoid driving around  hole endangering or drivers and reducing auto tires, etc damage. Thanks !
Previously filled pothole has lost s filling. La Jolla Village Dr, eastbound right lane near  back  Aventine fice complex between  I-5 exs and Lebon Dr. Look for  row  filled potholes, most still are but  one is open again. Nicely filled last time, but  just happens sometimes. Thank you!
Southbound right lane


Jack hammering at 7 AM on 8/18 corner  25th and B - FUCK YOU ARE YOU KIDDING ME PEOPLE ARE FUCKING SLEEPING
Heading north on Kearny Mesa and right turn on to Kearny villa, multiple pot holes.
BAD POTHOLE S/B (BETWEEN PARK VILLAGE & TRUMAN)
Just north   intersection  Clairemont Driver and Clairemont Court re is a deep pothole that is a foot in diameter.
Southbound Brannia Blvd. at  intersection  Airway Road, re are potholes.
  intersection  Cactus Road and Airway Road re are almost too many potholes to count.
POTHOLES ANS CRACKS IN ALLEY
Pothole is right in  middle   intersection.   is big and getting bigger.  I blew a bike tire riding through  a couple  days ago.  is dangerous!!
POTHOLE ON CENTER LANE OF EL CAJON AT THE CROSSWALK. W/B
Large pothole
Multiple road problems, potholes, missing pavement, deep cracks, road needs attention heavy traffic.  4764 Cardin St, San Diego, CA 92111, USA to 4994-4998 Shawline St, San Diego, CA 92111, USA.  Please repair.
Large pothole, hazard to motorcycles, multiple pothles 5600-5800 Roswell
We several ltle pothole in same block
Pothole and wiped away crosswalk
Damaged pavement in entrance to Torrey Pines HS, especially on bike lane
Water valve pop out  street. My car got disabled
Reoccurring Pot Hole
Really bad pothole in right lane from right
The new Street lines are awesome... Potholes still exist and are awful. Please repave  street.  makes me regret purchasing a home here.
Large 2ft x 2ft Pothole in  NB Lane
Pothole around manhole cover
Random potholes
Potholes and badly damaged asphalt.  You have to swerve left and right down  road to avoid damaging you vehicle.  Shopping cart on  road as well.
POTHOLE AT CROSSWALK

Road is badly damaged here
Need asphalt paving on both side   street between I-15 ex to Scripps Summ drive.
Pot holes on zura way and college Ave intersection. There have been 2 or reports on  issue which have been closed but  issue(potholes) have not been fixed.

bad road on 8126 Camino Tranquilo San Diego, CA 92122-1719

There are several spots between portobello and Highway 52 along Santo Road that are raised and should be ground down.  was nice to get Santo resurfaced up to portobello but  real problem is between portobello and Highway 52. Thank you for your attention to .
Pothole on Garrison St
Pothole on corner  Garrison and Clove streets
Pothole
Pothole or sink hole developing by curb and man hole. Hazard for cars and individuals walking.
Sink Hole
Southbound Clairmont Drive near Edison St. Pothole appeared about 3-4 weeks ago, is now about 4" deep and at least 12" across.  Debris from broken asphalt is piling up.  I h a similar pothole on Clairemont Drive about 1 block away from  one  past winter.   cost me $300 for a new rim plus installation.

You folks told Turks last February that  was scheduled to be re paved in May.   is now mid-August. What gives?
LARGE POTHOLE CAUSED FLAT TIRE.
Huge pothole, re are about 3-4 large potholes on  section  road.
#2 Large pothole on street, re is anor one nearby.
Anor large pothole in area. Burtech pipeline has been working in  area wh heavy equipment  last month. Is  ir responsibily to repair?
Multiple potholes and cracks
Pothole
Good job paving recently.  A perfect circle paved around  pothole!
Damage road, large bump and crack street on left turn lane north bound on santo road
The whole  Ranch o Carmel Drive from Ted Williams Parkway to Carmel Mountain Drive is one big pothole. I mean Carmel Mountain Drive is rutted wh crumbling asphalt from all  Semi trucks going to stores such as Ralph's, COSTCO, Home Depot and  course  extensive use  se roads by  USPS large trucks.  The many large ruts on Rancho Carmel Drive are about six inches wide by 3 inches deep and anywhere from eight to twenty FEET in length. Please get se roads fixed. The entire area gets to use  Postal Service Delivery, but  local residents must pay  price wh worn shock absorbers, flat tires and having ir wheel alignment knocked out  wack by se ruts. They've been re for several years now. HELP!
Very bad pothole 6648 Universy westbound  - may have suspension damage to my vehicle
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
POTHOLE
PER SDPD LOOSE METAL PLATES AT KETTNER & REDWOOD
Potholes on  south side   intersection  Kemper St and Sports Arena Blvd.
4 ft wide , 1 ft. Deep
Potholes in  southbound #1 and #2 lanes  Fairmount Ave just north and south   Montezuma Rd overcrossing.
SINKHOLE FORMING WHERE CITY HAD WORKED. NEAR 29TH INTERSECTION
Large pot hole
Constuent concerned wh road condions - needs pothole repair.
This request is placed from  fice  Council District 1, on behalf  a constuent complaint. Our constuent said re are significant holes in  pavement on Radcliffe Dr, adjacent to  Shabad Center, just prior to  junction wh Syracuse Ave.
This request is being filed from  fice  Council District 1 on behalf  a constuent. Our constuent says re are significant potholes in  Standley Park parking lot.
This report is being filed from  fice  Council District 1 on behalf  a constuent. The constuent says re is severe damage to  road, and re are many potholes.
Please repair  road (or street).  Thanks!
Northbound right lane  College Ave past Linda Paseo.  The repair done around  man hole cover needs to be redone.   is too large to even avoid.  The pothole in  left lane needs attention as well.
The street on Eight Avenue and Washington Street by  street light in Hillcrest needs pavement resurface. There is a bump and holes that are getting out  control.
Pothole near north west corner
Potholes between 4413 and 4421 44th St.
Pothole on  south side   intersection  36th St and El Cajon Blvd.
Several large potholes now creating large chunks  failed asphalt that are thrown out   pothole. This is a heavily traveled residential street near SDSU that feeds into College Ave.  Cars, motorcycles and all street traffic must now swerve to avoid se potholes creating a public safety issue. Compounding  suation are children playing on  sidewalk and riding bicycles.
I just watched 3 hrs ago a asphalt maintenance man fill some pot holes at  intersection. What he failed to do was to fill  large gap between  existing asphalt and  concrete gutter at  same north part   intersection  Midway Dr and Kemper St. Thanks .
New pothole appeared at just under  trolley overpass west bound Friars Rd. Needs filling please and please compact and make smooth. Thanks.
Pothole in  street in front   address, 's been here several months.
Pothole in  street, a short block from  or one I reported.  Thank you.
LARGE POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION OF NEW SALEM AND ANGOLA RD
Sink hole forming and getting bigger.
Pothole at  corner where most cars turning right will h .   meets  gutter going across  street.
We're  street meets  asphalt all around my property is breaking up badly.  has become a major tripping hazard in que a few areas. I would really appreciate  if someone could patch se areas on our street.
We're  street meets  asphalt all around my property is breaking up badly.  has become a major tripping hazard in que a few areas. I would really appreciate  if someone could patch se areas on our street.
Three massive potholes on Estelle St.
Potholes and rough asphalt near center median in EB lanes just past intersection.  5th report   issue.
Half baked repair. Road still impacted.
Numerous potholes on Mission Bay Drive to Garnet Ave.  Around  Mossy Toyota Dealership.
POTHOLES W/B ON UNIVERSITY. LANES 1 & 2. ESPECIALLY LRG POTHOLE NEAR MANHOLE COVER.
Large break/several deep cracks,  in  concrete in  middle  crosswalk.  This is a very busy corner.  A large / deep pothole in  asphalt was repaired recently, near  concrete break.
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Many many pot holes.  Only a few were repaired.   Please fix m all!In alley between C and B
Huge pothole right as you turn onto Mission Bay Drive from Garnet heading towards  5?North ridiculous that 's been re  long, your whole car shakes
Many potholes east  intersection #1 lane
Gaps in street where seams  street meet on Scripps Poway from Pomerado to I-15
Pothole in  middle  street
far right lane
Multiple large potholes in right lane
Pot hole
Pothole
Big hole. Almost crashed my vespa.
Asphalt pothole  1008 Thomas   westbound  lane  /  902  & 928  & 890  Thomas potholes in concrete  westbound  lane
A couple  large historic potholes at  Tour Bus Passenger Loading Zone near  intersection  Twiggs St & San Diego Ave in Old Town.  Potholes can be seen in  Google Street View.
Large pot hole.,
Large Pothole in street. Caused tire misalignment
Possible formation  sinkhole.

Torn up street making  dangerous to bike and wreaking havoc on cars.
SEVERAL POTHOLES
LARGE CHUNK OF CONCRETE STICKING UP IN ALLEY, HAZARD!
BAD TIRE POPPING POTHOLES (RECENTLY WORKED AREA)
pothole in street. Exact same pothole was filled by cy a year or so ago.Street paving was done on both ends   block recently, but not  middle section for some reason.
Needs resurfacing
pothole
Tons  potholes on Mission Bay Drive after turning right from Grand heading towards 5 South. This whole road needs to be repaved! They did work to  road and n never repaved and 's one   busiest thoroughfares... or random roads are getting paved in PB but not  major roads. All  Mission Bay Drive and Grand / Garnet have sections that need repaving.
92114 Santa Margara & 55th streets are in a state  disrepair. There are multiple  large long cracks in  street. Grass is growing  in  cracks. These streets have broken pavement and potholes. Please fix.

Multiple potholes due to construction. Highly dangerous to motorcycle traffic.
Large pothole (4th request )
Pothole
Potholes
Pot hole in 37th street alley between 37th and 38th street
Pot hole in 37th street alley between 37th and 38th street. Road in need or repair/resurfacing.
The asphalt in  westbound number 2 lane has been pushed up to form a mound that is at least 6 inches high.
SERIES OF POTHOLES  N/B CIBOLA INTO INTERSECTION
POTHOLES


Massive quanties  potholes all over mira Mesa and black mountain intersection. They aren't huge...yet! So please get moving on se
Pothole on Mira Mesa Blvd. heading east.
Unacceptable that chatsworth has been dug up right after a full resurfacing. Mike Turko will like  story.
Near spl  La Jolla village road and Gilman f ramp
Pothole
Potholes in middle lane  westbound lanes

Pothole.
Pothole
Constant drainage eroding street at curb
Trash did not get picked up
Intersection On Caden @ Moraga
On Caden @ Southview
Multiple potholes on Centerline  Caden @ 3349 Cadden
Street is badly broken up and uneven. Damaging to car's suspension.
Black navigator parked out here daily. Two people in car. Unclear if 's drugs alcohol or prostution.
Several potholes at  northwest corner   intersection  Liggett Dr and Del Mar Ave. Thanks.
Numerous pot holes and degraded pavement in  entire intersection  Rosecrans St and Canon St needs filling and smood and one pot hole needs more asphalt. Thanks ! Many previous requests have been made.
Parking in bike lane
In  right hand lane, East bound (closest to Aventine/Hyatt) re's a pot hole that keeps popping up and damaging tires.  In between  highway and Lebon (about halfway).
E/B  POTHOLE IS 16" DEEP X 3 X 3 HIS PORCH HIT IT AND DID DAMAGE TO HIS PORCHE, REFERRED CUSTOMER TO CLAIMS
Potholes
Huge pothole in left hand turning lane from Garnet Onto Mission Bay Drive heading to  5 North freeway. This pothole has been re for ages and  is huge.  shakes your whole car and you can't avoid  because you're in a tight turning lane wh anor turning lane on your right. Needs to be fixed asap
1 foot x 2 foot hole wh loose surfacing. SB lanes  Harbor Dr.
The pavement at  intersection is damaged and crumbling and needs to be repaired.
Asphalt potholes 4129 Sports Arena Blvd Norast Bound both Northbound lanes
Large section  potholes on Balboa before  car wash in  left lane heading towards  center  PB

Storm sewer hazard
Storm sewer hazard
5440-5450 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117 to 5440-5450 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117 in both directions, road is baldy damaged many crack, potholes, etc.
Large pothole
actually more like a sink hole about 6 feet long by 3 feet wide by about 4-5inches deep. seems to be growing
Road surface is disintegrating
Road surface coming apart.  The corner turning right from Decoro onto Genesee is rough  and uneven and coming apart.
The entire hill is filled wh lots  pot holes. The road needs to be repaved.
Badly damaged roadway from ongoing construction.  Poorly marked steel plates causing major damage to vehicle...again.  This is a high speed parkway wh large semi trucks traveling 70 miles and hour. When y slam into se nearly unmarked plates, rocks sand and debris fly up causing damage to cars in both directions.   Post night time work is also not being cleaned up after.  Rocks and sand are left behind causing cars to swerve to miss m.   5,000 plus cars a day that travel  road are causing huge dust clouds.

 is not a pothole -  time - but  is  fact that on/f ramps were blacktopped, looked really nice, although re are or road/streets that needed  more, but now y look horrible wh some whe stuff and - really? - already re is repair on t eh rencet repair???
VERY LARGE POTHOLE, RIGHT HAND LANE. N/E BOUND IN LINE WITH 99 CENT STORE IN CLAIREMONT TOWN SQUARE
2 foot wide pothole, at least 6-8 inches deep
60th Street, 92115 is  only entrance to  College Park Townhomes.  is also an entrance to  shopping center. The road needs to be completely repaved just like  streets around . Fix  right.
The asphalt is coming up in multiple locations near Camino Santa Fe on Flanders.   Both sides   road, for about 1/4  a mile. All defects are under one-foot square so should be caught and filled now to prevent a more expensive resurfacing later.
Parking lot behind Science Ctr Balboa Park
Anor behind Science Cute Balboa Park
Plum street and Hugo st
SINKHOLE  DELINIATORS SET PER WATER DEPARTMENT  1X2'
Clairemont Mesa Blvd, between Ruffin and Santo Roads. The bike lane between I-15 and Santo Rd. represents a significant hazard, ltered wh cracks and at least 4 patches to  asphalt that now protrude abruptly from  road surface by as much as 3".
POTHOLE EASTERNLY WHERE THE CONCRETE TURNS TO ASPHALT
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes at 8156 Calle Del Humo
Pothole
Ramona Paving and Construction Corp. erected a fence across  street several weeks ago to perform a county storm drain repair in  Mesa Rd Trailhead. Today, y removed  fence and pulled out large spikes leaving huge holes that y placed dirt into. The street was resurfaced last year, se holes will become pot holes during  rainy season if y are not filled in properly.
POTHOLE SOUTH BOUND
Pot hole
There is a pothole  size  a manhole cover (and getting bigger) in  middle   street, just east   address.
MANY POTHOLES E/B
S/B POTHOLE X ST 28TH
POTHOLE ON 29TH 100 FEET  NORTH OF MAIN
pothole in  west bound lane  Federal Blvd, between  I-805 overpass and  San Diego Police Canine Kennel
Right lane  Balboa heading Eastbound, 100 ft before  ex for Morena blvd.  May be a hole that was used for a lane divider pole
163 South ex Friars Road right turning lane is like swiss cheese  is  third request!
Pothole











Pothole on W Harbor Drive, right lane, about 2-300 yards before Nimz ex.



Storm-drain lid popped up , cons states lid and ring are two different sizes and wont stay secure  , states  causes vehicle hazard and would like  secured permanently.
Open  storm-drain

4200-4208 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109, USA to 4801-4859 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109, USA in both directions (north and south) road is unsafe needs to be repaved, many potholes, cracks, missing pavement patch road and repave.
First let me say that your department works very hard at not doing a great job on southbound Cactus Road. Clearly re is a lack  pride in your work. I send reports and you close m whout completing  job. You recently closed my most recent report to fix potholes on southbound Cactus Road between Airway Road and Siempre Viva Road. tached are photos   holes you left UNFILLED. What is wrong wh you people? Do  job right. Repave  southbound lane.The road is heavily traveled wh cars and especially trucks. The cy is supposed to care about 's cizen's safety. Prove .There is one photo that shows  short distance I walked on Cactus Road to take se photos. All  se photos are  different holes. If I walked to entire distance,  memory in my camera probably would have filled up wh pictures  holes on southbound Cactus Road.



Pothole across width  Horado Rd at intersection wh Bernardo Oaks Dr
Pothole mid block on Horado Rd  between Bernardo Oaks Dr  and Hispano
Pothole mid block area  Horado Rd  between Bernardo Oaks Dr  and Hispano. This us one  3 or 4 similar potholes on  block  Horado Rd.
Manhole covers popping up from  road on Universy between Richmond and Vermont.  Entire block needs resurfacing.
Pothole in right lane home ave eastbound
H  on my bicycle at 20 mph.  Had to go to ER.  Dislocated right hand thumb many bruises and contusions on my left side and damage to $600 glasses and damage to bicycle... S/B ON PARK. RIGHT AFTER BRIDGE, BEFORE FREEWAY RAMP.
Potholes in entire alley.   Alley between b and c street.  Entrance in 27th
Potholes
Pothole
Large 20 inch and growing pothole on East side  Mt Albertine Ave, just North  two pothole Reported 00223245

Many small potholes
Large pothole along drainage dip
Chunks  asphalt coming up from road
Pothole about 30 feet long
Several pot holes at  intersection  Rios Road/ Antonio Drive wh lose pavement all over roadway from failed repeated patch work. Repair  roadway  right way!
Pot holes from on Rancho Betnardo Road from Bernardo oaks all  way to summer field on both east and west bound lanes. This is an on going problem that needs to get fixed. These get repaired over and over agin and y continue to fail causing larger pot holes and lose pavement on  roadway. Repave all   failed portions  Rancho Bernardo Road!!!!! We pay taxes for !
Asphalt missing in certain parts   area in front   house
Several pot holes at corner
Pothole
. Yesterday we had someone that was on walk come into Dana Landing and tell us that he his leg fell into a manhole.  is on  parking lot   launch ramp.  looks like  cover is very worn and loose. If someone steps on one side  would flip around and your leg or legs  a child could slip into  space. I have attached a couple  pictures to show you  cover and anor to show you  location. Is re someone else I should contact?
Pothole
Pothole
Street in bad disrepair.  In particular  area in front  driveway.  WOrse than or areas  street.  Causes damage to tires.

Pothole
Dangerous pothole very deep
Sunset Ridge Drive, between Spring Canyon and Frank Daniels, has been crumbling for  past four years.  I've emailed  D-5 council fice in both 2013 and 2016, but no repairs have been made.  The road is dangerous for both drivers and bicyclers.
Greg Gerhant's test, please do not process

very large pothole on Bishops Lane in La Jolla near  CVS.
San Diego Water department has been in and out  Kensington Park Villas and has left some damage to  pavement. Please address  and re work  patch as quickly as possible. Addresses are listed below. Please send confirmation. Thanks!
Hello,I would like to report a pothole located in front  13067 Old West Ave, San Diego, 92129.The hole is getting deeper and deeper and I am sure  will continue until  water line burstas  did a fews years ago.Around  same area re was a large pothole and  water line burst,  hole was fixed butnot a new hole has appeared just a few feet down. This new hole has been re for about an yearnow.If you have any questions please contact me at 858-740-8956.Thank-you for looking into .Best Regards,Denise Lewis
LARGE POTHOLE
The pavement in  left lane at  light, when on River Run Dr turning left onto Friars Rd, is very uneven, creating a hazard (especially for motorcycles and bicycles).
POTHOLE
Right hand lane in  interchange from 8 East to 163 North. Deep hole. Cause damage to my car.
Huge potholes alley  Mabel Bell and Silver street
Street need repaving-desperately! Silver and Eads intersection.
Clairemont Mesa Blvd has hundreds  potholes in all traffic lanes west and eastbound between I-15 and Via Valarta.
Pothole in alley
SINKHOLE, HAZARD
In alley east  CVS. Nearly bent a rim!
We have a developing sinkhole that is deep and close to  storm drain. The surrounding crack is growing. Due to  proximy to  airport, re is not much light at night. People walking on  side   street can break ir leg as we do not have continuous sidewalks, i.e. a lot  people walk on  side or middle   road.
Construction workers have left multiple steel plates out for weeks on  road. Corners and edges are exposed, particularly as  asphalt has compressed. This causes damage to tires to cars in neighborhood, particularly low prile vehicles. Due to ir inactivy wh repairing  road,  is requested that  road be completely repaired ASAP. Thank you.Location: South  bridge on Carmel Mountain up until Via Las Lenas.
There is some metal plate on Washington street between 9th and  163 (headed eastbound) that makes an awfully LOUD noise every time a car drives over , which is nearly every second  every day. Please do something to fix  - 's like torture when you try to go to sleep.
This is more hazardous  than appears in photo. This hazard is significant to bicyclist especially and damaging to cars. A bicyclist is prone to crash due to  road "repair/pipe installation"
The metal strip on  Washington westbound street has come loose, just like  eastbound side did last year. Creating a very loud thudding noise wh every car that passes over .
Potholes on  right 2 lanes towards airport for  next mile. Has been reported multiple times and not sure what  plan is for fixing . Cy staff request to do  needful to fix as  has been long over due .
There is a large pothole in  street on  right hand side if headed east towards La Jolla Scenic Dr. South from La Cumbre Dr.
There is a piece  metal on  eastbound bridge above  163 on Washington street that is loose. Every time a car drives over  I can hear  on Vermont street.  would be so great if you could fix . Thank you!!
Northbound lanes  Fairmont Avr prior to  8 underpass. Potholes on all lanes
Oppose  park and near  manhole cover going north re is a deep pothole here and very dangerous. Please repair
Pothole
There is a pothole forming in front   house on 4875 lanta Dr.
Deep pothole right in intersection. Cars already have to avoid  manhole that was set too high years ago.
Vehicle damaging pot hole north east corner curbline
Trash cans never emptied ???and always out  cement container
This hole needs to be repaired ASAP. 's been almost 3 months since  1st report and nothing has been done. Please take care   before someone gets injured. Thank you.
There's a deep pothole by  curb, behind  handicap parking. On August 27 2017 Sunday at night, I accidentally stepped in  as I was loading stuff into my car.  is a hazard. I rolled my ankle and sprained  and will be using a crutch for a while. Please take care   as soon as possible, I ten walk along 30th and would like to see measures taken immediately.
per cy plumber jackl hammering at carmel valley rec pool. hole will need to be covered up
Multiple potholes and missing asphalt from 17150 to 17311 Matinal Rd, San Diego CA 92127
Multiple potholes and missing asphalt
Multiple potholes and missing asphalt
Refer from streets  ref sn 844985 , sink hole forming by s-bell cover  has 28inch cones wh reflectors and caution tape  area is 10x34 inchs .
Pothole
Large pothole in middle  intersection wh Rosecrans Street.
Large pothole in northbound left lane, EXACTLY where I placed  marker.  The address range that  generates is whole block long.
Failed patch
There are multiple potholes along  section  Radcliffe.
Numerous potholes forming and growing on  cure   high speed street.
large hole in asphalt between 8176  and  8188  la jolla shores dr
Water district tore up street and didn't pave correct
large pothole in front   address
Big pothole in  center lane just past  intersection going east
Metal strip plate where Road meets Bridge has come loose. You can hear cars driving over  from a few blocks away.
When traveling east on Washington Street and you cross  163 freeway, re is  metal plate in  road right after you cross over th freeway.  This plate is loose and when cars drive over ,  sounds like a jackhammer.  This loud noise is occurring 24 hours a day and is a nuisance,   is very loud and CONSTANT.  If  could please be repairt even temporarily  would be appreciated.
Intersection is, on a 1-10, 3. Heavy trucks, road bed has 8" deep pot holes and ruts. Soil fills  curbs, overgrown shrubs obscure traffic control signs an road markings are non-existent.
Pothole wh lots  water
Potholes, metal plates, awful condions
Multiple large potholes on Eider street
Pothole in middle  street
Pothole in middle  street
Pothole
Potholes and BADLY BADLY damaged asphalt.  10th request at  location in 2 months.  Cars and bicycles are swerving into oncoming traffic to avoid  damage AND  orange cones blocking 40%   road.
Pothole
Pothole
A new metal plate installed is coming out. New hazard.
Very deep potholes at  intersection   two streets
On  Washington street bridge over  163 re is an expansion joint needing repair.  sounds like an industrial metal stamping plant every time a vehicle passes over . Very loud East side  east bound traffic.
Small pot hole beginning to develop. Recommend low priory, but could use some work.
Numerous pothole on wilbur and Quincy. The street is breaking up and getting worse rapidly.
There are sections   road missing, due to  heavy truck traffic we have some asphalt missing on  East section   street.



pothole
Asphalt breaking down at curb.  Has gotten so bad, sometimes catches spoiler  car. Please help.  Thank you.
Absolutely poor road qualy
Vehicle damaging pot hole back and back behind  George Steven Center
large pot hole in front   address .
Large pothole about 2' x 3' in size.  when a car in parked on  street  is very difficult to avoid going into  pothole. Please repair ASAP. Thank you.
The entire road is full  pot holes.  Basically heading north on  road re is a trench where  appears a sewer line was placed.  This trench is riddled wh pot holes.  The furr north  worse  gets.
POTHOLES
2 OR MORE POTHOLES  S/B EUCLID BETWEEN IMPERIAL & LOGAN
There is a pothole by  east leg pedestrian crosswalk at  intersection  Fay Avenue @ Nautilus Street
Pot holes an rut  going up hill    intersection after new road work was done.
Many potholes, very rough road surface. Southbound Texas St at Camino Del Rio S, right hand lane (not turn lane).
Pot hole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Badly damaged roadway on Washington at 8th.  Asphalt was piled up in  intersection for some reason.  This asphalt needs to be taken up an replaced wh cement like  surrounding area.  As  is, 's a speed bump in  middle   intersection that people are swerving to miss.
Clairemont Mesa Blvd is in need a badly needed repairs from 6500-6848 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111 to 9187-9197 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92123 in both directions,  blvd has missing pavement, potholes, deep cracks running in both directions east and west, uneven pavement.
HelloWe live on Cotorro way cul de sac, right when you enter  re is a large pothole that is damaging our vehicles dailyThe road cover on Verano and Cotorro way is very old and cracked, wonder when is  going to be repaired?
STORM DRAIN COVER MISSING -SHOPPING CART IN HOLE
4in gap on all sides  electrical box cover. Damage caused by box repair after road was re-paved.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole in north lane  Ash in intersection wh Columbia.
Giant pothole in  far right lane in  intersection  Ash and Columbia, closest to  construction se.
Pothole
Deep pothole next to curb full  stagnant water.
Pot hole / (6)
The entire section  Rancho Carmel Drive from  56/Ted Williams overpass to Carmel Mountain Road is a mess!  The entire road is full  potholes and is terrible to drive on.
Pothole
Pothole
Metal grate is posioned in a way on Kettner that lerally our car slammed down and  damaged our whole undercarriage  our car. This needs to be flattened down and could lerally cause a lot  damage on  underside  cars..Big metal grate before  bar on  right and many feet before turning onto w laurel for airport
Pot hole still not repaired, but report is closed. Pot hole is on  bottom  Parkbrook Lane.  Right side   street. Cross street in Parkbrook Street.
The alley entrance from Madison Street leading to Adams Avenue maybe 50 feet or more is damaged badly. Very large pot holes and badly broken concrete. I worry about my vehicle every time I try to enter my garage area.

PER SEWER DEPTM REF TO STREETS.  STREET IS SINKING NOT THE MANHOLE
Sinking 4'x6' AC pavement near 2813 Mission Blvd
1985 Petra dr
Various potholes on 37th street from Newton Ave to Boston Ave
Felling completely left out! All streets around my neighborhood are getting repaving  week EXCEPT for  street where we've been living for 39 yrs. Some VERY POORLY patching has been done a couple times, but in 39 yrs NEVER any repaving WHY???? PLEASE reconsider and have some much needed work done to  street. One worker started putting No Parking signs only to take m away few hours later, we asked him why did you take sign away? He answered, because we're not doing  street! Really??Come and see how BAD  street needs to be done.
Pothole
Pothole
Two deep potholes right on  curve between Andorra Way and Del Diablo Way, on  southbound/westbound side   street.
On Caon St between Del Mar and Point Loma Avenue, re is pothole that has been growing bigger for a week.   needs to be filled.
Multiple potholes and torn up asphalt. Been that way for years and all y do is comes filling a couple   holes. The whole section  Road about a 100 ft long seriously needs to be redone
Please repair a pothole on  intersection  Aero Dr and Afton Rd. This is on  eastbound lane  Aero Dr in  middle   intersection
Pothole

A series  five potholes left over from some sort  excavation y were here yesterday patching one or, but left se here some  which are 8 inches deep. These are in  tireman   number 3 Eastbound Traffic Ln., Mira Mesa Boulevard at Black Mountain Road Right by  taco shop driveway and  Chinese food restaurant. Something needs to be done about se unpressional contractors
Road in terrible condion. Unsafe for drivers/parents at adjacent school (Gage Elementary). Recent pothole repairs inadequate, road needs resurfacing ASAP.
In left turn lane
THIS REQUEST WAS FIRST SUBMITTED IN 2013 FOR REPAIR.  THIS STREET IS CRUMBLING AND WEEDS ARE GROWING OUT OF THE STREET, AND ALL OF THE STREETS AROUND US ARE BEING REPAIRED BUT NOT OURS?!?!?


See attached photos for  areas that need attention.
Many potholes in alley
Street has NEVER been resurfaced been living here for 39 yrs, and even though streets around us have been done many  times  street ALWAYS gets skipped, we've gotten some VERY POORLY done patching only. Dairy Mart Rd, Vista Ln, Via Del Tanido, Via Encantadoras all were just resurfaced but AGAIN Via Las Tonadas was skipped!! WHY??We don't request patching we need resurfacing ASAP PLEASE!
Street has NEVER been resurfaced been living here for 39 yrs, and even though streets around us have been done many  times  street ALWAYS gets skipped, we've gotten some VERY POORLY done patching only. Dairy Mart Rd, Vista Ln, Via Del Tanido, Via Encantadoras all were just resurfaced but AGAIN Via Las Tonadas was skipped!! WHY??We don't request patching we need resurfacing ASAP PLEASE!
Street has NEVER been resurfaced been living here for 39 yrs, and even though streets around us have been done many  times  street ALWAYS gets skipped, we've gotten some VERY POORLY done patching only. Dairy Mart Rd, Vista Ln, Via Del Tanido, Via Encantadoras all were just resurfaced but AGAIN Via Las Tonadas was skipped!! WHY??We don't request patching we need resurfacing ASAP PLEASE!
Street has NEVER been resurfaced been living here for 39 yrs, and even though streets around us have been done many  times  street ALWAYS gets skipped, we've gotten some VERY POORLY done patching only. Dairy Mart Rd, Vista Ln, Via Del Tanido, Via Encantadoras all were just resurfaced but AGAIN Via Las Tonadas was skipped!! WHY??We don't request patching we need resurfacing ASAP PLEASE!
Street has NEVER been resurfaced been living here for 39 yrs, and even though streets around us have been done many  times  street ALWAYS gets skipped, we've gotten some VERY POORLY done patching only. Dairy Mart Rd, Vista Ln, Via Del Tanido, Via Encantadoras all were just resurfaced but AGAIN Via Las Tonadas was skipped!! WHY??We don't request patching we need resurfacing ASAP PLEASE!
Street has NEVER been resurfaced been living here for 39 yrs, and even though streets around us have been done many  times  street ALWAYS gets skipped, we've gotten some VERY POORLY done patching only. Dairy Mart Rd, Vista Ln, Via Del Tanido, Via Encantadoras all were just resurfaced but AGAIN Via Las Tonadas was skipped!! WHY??We don't request patching we need resurfacing ASAP PLEASE!
Southbound Clairemont Dr near left turn lane to Galveston St, pothole about 4 inches deep, 12 inches wide. A rim killer.  Thank you.
Pothole still here !
Street has NEVER been resurfaced been living here for 39 yrs, and even though streets around us have been done many  times  street ALWAYS gets skipped, we've gotten some VERY POORLY done patching only. Dairy Mart Rd, Vista Ln, Via Del Tanido, Via Encantadoras all were just resurfaced but AGAIN Via Las Tonadas was skipped!! WHY??We don't request patching we need resurfacing ASAP PLEASE!
Pothole
Pot holes growing rapidly in middle  intersection
Lincoln street from  location and a couple blocks east and west  has some potholes in  road.
Pothole
 pothole is approximately 24 x 18 inches and about 4 inches deep. people have been removing chunks that get knocked out by cars.  is getting bigger by  day.
Road in need  repair. Every street around  particular road is re-paved except for Antrim Way.
Numerous potholes on WB Mira Mesa BLVD at  location.  4 report in 6 months.  The potholes just keep getting bigger.
Big pothole  ruined my rim and tire 's on pacific hwy south and Washington st.
Pothole in street. Very heavily traveled street. Safety issue wh Mesa college students driving & bicycling




This street has no curbs or sidewalks.  The parking in front   house causes damage to cars due to a dch and rocks.  No one parks in front  that house because  that and  creates tight parking for all  or neighbors.  Some asphalt would smooth  out.
There was some work going on at  area, about a year ago. After that , noone fixed  area. 's extremely bad, to just come to right lane and take a right turn at Angelique Street.
Pothole on f st right before you h 16th
Whe van wh person sleeping in  for greater than 72 hours
Going north on College Ave next to  Dominoes pizza re is a deep pothole.
3 potholes, whole length  "crosswalk needs repair
Center  road pothole
Pothole on right side  westbound lane
2 potholes on right side  westbound highland valley rd
Pothole on right side  eastbound lane
Pothole in center  eastbound lane.
2 potholes in center  eastbound lane
And anor car illegally parked in alley  behind 1045 reed st pacific beach 92109
Potholes
There are no sidewalks or curbs on  street.  Parking all along  street is really difficult due to  potholes and dches on  side   road.  The following houses have dches (some very large and can damage a car) along  front  ir property lines:  3709, 3657, 3650, 3638, 3628, 3732, 3743, 3758.  Also 737 Catalina (on  corner  Charles) and 730 Silvergate (or corner).  Because  se dches neighbors end up constantly parking in front  or neighbors houses, causing alot  tension.  Addionally, some houses end up having no parking in front, because neighbors park re to avoid dches.  Also, some neighbors have to park on ir lawns to avoid  dches and refore have been getting tickets.  PLEASE fix  parking issues on Charles St!
Potholes
Potholes
There are many streets in Mira Mesa that need resurfacing and pothole repair, such as Westonhill, Camino Ruiz, and or side streets.
Has developed quickly over  past several weeks
Various potholes and asphalt cracks
















Repave necessary
Repave necessary
Repave
Repave
Repave
Repave

Repave
Pothole @ 12289 Horado needs filling
There are a lot  potholes in  alley behind Pacific Liquor. Please fix  entire alley between 30th Street and Kansas Street.
Several pot holes in westbound lane.
Large lump in center  road on Monroe between Georgia and Park.
Crumbing asphalt in center if intersection  Dwight & Nile Streets
All  residents that live here 3742 to 3788 1/2 have to ex property on Alley towards 3788 Elliott Street.   There is a new SINK HOLE developing around  storm drain cover.  This worries us as we all drive over .....please investigate and fill flat thank you!!!!
Pothole halfway down alley.
Roadway broken up at  railroad tracks that cross Frost Mar Pl south  Miramar Rd. Some spots down to  wood under  railroad tracks. The VA shuttle buses and people using  shuttle buses use  street to turn around to go west on Miramar Rd from  shuttle lot on Miramar Rd.
A lot  pot holes
Very deep, dangerous to bicycles pothole on a hill. Just west  Texas Street on Lincoln
The entire length Boulder Lake Avenue, North  Navajo Road is in need  repaving. There are so many potholes, and rough patches  road that reaidents are driving on  shoulder to avoid m. We were told in 2015 that  street was on  schedule to repave in 2017.  is 9 months into 2017, and still bothing has been done.
Potholes on golfcrest between tuxedo and Navajo. San Diego 92119. New post.
Roots from trees are undermining  asphalt in  alley behind 3144 & 3146 Clairemont Dr.  This is causing a hazard for pedestrians, cyclists and motorists.The photo does not show  true extent and length   damage.
This road needs to be repaved please!! If 's a share  lane wh bikes road, why would  cy want to put  safety  cyclists at risk? Dozens  2" wide cracks and pot holes. This extends from Vermont to 3rd.
Fixed last year after emergency break but now continues to sink. About 2 to 3 inches now. Whole street repair was done not too well and is a very bumby ride between Adams and Collwood. Thanks for any help.
Pothole on sidewalk by parking on NE corner  39th and Orange
Pothole
Several potholes on North Torrey Pines between La Jolla Village Drive and Genesee. Getting bigger every day. The whole Road needs repaving, particularly going north.
Pothole at  intersection.
Potholes on  road behind Vons shopping center
Broken concrete apron and asphalt repair deteriorating failure
Two moderate potholes here and to  west. Generally bad pavement as well.
Deep pothole about two feet wide. On Pomerado, just north  intersection  Pomerado and Rancho Bernard o road.
Street is so bad.  Causing damage to vehicles.
Reported before getting bigger pothole.
pothole in middle  street
asphalt-to-concrete transion is very deep, and can potentially cause tire damage to vehicles
Multiple potholes along north and southbound Genesee Ave.
Multiple potholes along north and southbound Genesee Ave.
Multiple potholes on eastbound Genesee Ave.


Deep pothole on  left lane on Texas St.
Two potholes about 12" by 16" by 4" deep each at northbound Pomerado Rd after  Rancho Bernardo Rd intersection
Broken triangular cast iron cover plate.  Intersection  derby farms and blackhorse row in front  Stratford upper entrance gate.   Looks like someone could break an ankle in  ...
pot hole
This pothole will get someone killed
Large pothole going Eastbound on inner left lane
Pothole on northbound lane  winnett.
There is a metal plate or manhole cover that rattles around and makes loud banging noises when cars drive over .  is in  second lane from  sidewalk, heading west on Market maybe 20 feet before  crosswalk on 2nd street, right in front  Happy Head Massage.  has become a nuisance and safety hazard and continually makes loud noises.
Vagrant trash
Carmel Valley Road between Winecreek Rd. and Camino del Norte has been torn up and is now an absolute mess. The path work performed by  construction crews is shoddy, at best. There is excessive amounts  dust and dirt on  road causing a hazard when a large vehicle, such as a school bus, drives on .
There is a large pothole on Mission Blvd (Bay Side) between Cohasset Ct. and Capistrano.  The pothole has gotten larger since  last time I submted  problem to getdone.force.com.  See image for exact location.
Pothole
Potholes
Series  pot holes
5 X 5 X 1FT DEEP  EVALUATE, CLAIMS ITS A HAZARD
A lot  ltle pothole whin  block please repair
Please repair pothole. I tripped on one  afternoon


Street is terrible and too bumpy
potholes in alley between marylane and montezuma rd
Big and deep pothole in  corner  Ash Street and Columbia Street in downtown San Diego wh area code 92101
Pothole in right side  parking lot entrance
#1 N/B lane 1800 Smy Ave 92173
POTHOLES AND HUMPS IN THE STREET
The entire intersection has a ton  potholes


I have several potholes, cracks and uneven asphalt in my culdasac
Very large pothole in alley
Pothole on Murray Park Dr. eastbound just as you brmegin to cross Park Ridge Blvd. where concert meets pavement

Pothole in NB Pomerado Rd left lane just north  Rancho Bernardo Rd.
Pothole 2 feet by 2 feet in size and about 4 inches deep. Northbound side  Pomerado Road.
TRENCH PLATE RAISED. CAUSED VEH DAMAGE
Pothole
The water pipes were recently worked on Robinson ave between 10th and Park ave. The construction crew did a terrible job  replacing  area and re are multiple area where cars are swerving potholes and almost hting cyclist. Please repave  whole street.
Pomerado Road (Northbound); just north  Rancho Bernardo Road; an existing pothole that has been previously filled has come undone and is now anor pothole.  #1 lane (left lane) before left turn entrance to RBCPC.
Hole forming between cement and patch
2 large potholes in norrnmost lane  Ash Street at intersection wh Columbia.
Pothole near  gutter pan by bus stop.
There are two HUGE potholes on westbound Ash Street at Columbia Street.  These are  largest potholes I've ever seen!  They are dangerous for drivers.  And, VERY DANGEROUS for bicyclists!  Please go and put traffic cones at m immediately to alert drivers and get m fixed today!  There is also water flowing southbound on Columbia Street that continues to erode  streets.  The water has been flowing pretty consistently for several months.  Probably best to fix  water issue too.  Thanks.
Big ol pothole in  middle lane going east just past  intersection. Big chunks  asphalt breaking f and laying in  road
two large potholes in  middle   intersection  Ash and Columbia
Left lane northbound Pomerado Road re is a pothole 3' x 3' and 6 to 8" deep.   is big enough and deep enough to be an immediate hazard to traffic.
TONS OF POTHOLES, WHOLE BLOCK
TONS OF POTHOLES, WHOLE BLOCK
Pothole  in west bound lane  Clairemont Drive at  intersection wh Clairemont Court.
Pot hole in  west bound lane  Clairemont Drive at  beginning   left turn pocket to Galveston Street.


Left side  manhole cover
Pothole
Pothole
Two very deep bad pot holes. Broke my rim driving in  dark
There is a pothole in  southbound lane   road between Del Mar and Point Loma Avenue.
Traveling northbound at  block  17000 Pomerado Road, San Diego, CA 92128 re is a pothole in  left lane that needs to be fixed. This pothole is going northbound on 17000 Pomerado Road, San Diego, CA 92128 in  left lane. Thank you for your time.
Pothole
Going South on Clairemont Drive towards I-5 North, right after Hartford Drive is pothole in middle  lane.
Pomerado Road a very large pot hole in  number #1 north bound lane, approximately 150 feet north  Rancho Bernardo Drive


The whole streets and culdesac are bad rolled my ankle today in asphalt
Many potholes on Camino de la Plaza between Virginia Ave and Willow Rd. Needs urgent repair, very busy street wh Las America's Outlet shoppers and MTS
Frazee was dug up months ago for cable or telephone. There is a groove going up  entire street, and  can make  difficult for us to steer when tires get stuck in  groove!
several potholes along  middle   street starting at Upas to  North going half ways South down  block. Also, lots  potholes @ Upas from Felton to Boundary
Badly damaged roadway.  Rough asphalt and potholes.  The teaspoons  asphalt dropped here recently did nothing to resolve  issue.  There are 3 six foot long patches that need to be repaired.  15 year problem.
Potholes and uneven pavement.
Pothole
raised m/h cover 6in in bike lane/hazard
Opened: Tracking number 00229464 They came out to fill  potholes, but most   patch came out   hole. Street still desperately needs slurry sealing, and is cracking and has weeds growing in  cracks up and down  street (is original 1962 pavement).  Neighbors keep pulling  weeds and applying weed killer, but y keep coming back.
There is a pothole (dip in  roadway) between 53rd  street and 54th street on  south side  Imperial Ave going East before  traffic light at 54th street

POTHOLES ON CLAIREMONT DR FROM BURGENER TO THE I-5, POTHOLES BOTH WAYS SHE WANTS THEM FILLED
LARGE DEEP POTHOLE, L/T CENTER LANE ON POMERADO, HAZARD!




South bond between  bridge and  intercession light re is potholes 3 inches deep.Also in north bond between bridge and del Cerro blvd re are many potholes
Hi re,  road on Via Capri and Hidden Valley Road need repaving and  new paving road on Soledad Mountain Road already have pot holes that need to be plug before y are getting bigger.Thank you so much for keep our roads safe and functional.
BOLT STICKING OUT OF STREET
Sinkhole starting to form underneath curb and gutter. Dirt has erroded away underneath asphalt forming a 2'x2' cavy under pavement. Was walking when pavement gave way and foot got caught in hole.
Pothole formed in street in front  driveway
Very deep pothole on left lane No. bound Pomerado Rd, about 100' no  intersection, Pomerado Rd and Rancho Bernardo Rd.
Many, MANY, potholes! Barker Way to Boulder Lake down to Navajo has been bad for YEARS. Someone just h a pothole, blew  shock f his motorcycle, and hot oil spewed all over  engine, and his legs and feet.
Pothole
Street sign knocked down.  Large car part debris.
Pothole

Since February 2, 2017, Council District One has asked that Via Campestre be repaved.  July 28, 2017, Hasan Yousef assured CD1 via Scott Chadwick that Via Campestre has been added to  FY19 list  streets to be repaved.  The attached pictures were taken September 8, 2017.  Can Via Campestre please be repaired from San Andres Dr to Camino Via Campestre while  residents wa for repaving in FY19?
Several pot holes at  intersection  Mira Mesa and Black Mountain
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POT HOLE ON POMERADO RD, 100FT N OF THE INTERSECTION IN THE LEFT N BOUND LANE.
pothole in front  4749 Muir Ave 92107 residence by  curbside.
Patched pothole is crumbling in  Eastbound lane, just west  Alondra.
Pot hole is directly across  street. From 3843 Logan avenue... Large rocks  asphalt is going creating  a safety hazard.


Cracks on West side  alley in  alley between spots 58 and 90 needs to be repaired or filled in wh blacktop. Very dangerous and tripping hazard.
Deep Pothole
Deep Pothole
la Palma
Pot hole increasing in size day by day. While street cracking and falling apart.
Pothole near  souast corner  Convoy Street and Dagget Street.
Potholes near  northwest and southwest corners  Dagget Street and Convoy Street.
Multiple potholes near  southwest corner  Linda Vista Rd. and Stalmer Street.
Large pot hole on right lane  north bound Morena, north  Claremont and  south  Baker.
Street full  potholes ! Asphalt falling in pieces
Capricorn Way between Black Mountain Rd and Westonhill Dr needs to be repaved.
Need potholes all along streey
Overall Street condion is very poor wh major cracks from bottom   hill to  top   hill on Keating Street and McKee Street starting at SanDiego Avenue
St. condion is very poor wh major cracks and worn spots exposing dirt!
The whole street was recently redone in concrete.  was beautiful. Then a company came to repair some pipes under  street and did a very ugly patch job in asphalt when done. They should be required to repair  street in concrete and fix  pipe cover, which is not level wh  street.
Potholes at Recho Road entrance to Continental Data Graphics and Steren Parking lots
Potholes and cracks in via Posada
The bike lane is in shambles.  You can't even ride in .  You have to ride on  left side   whe line in  road or you'll damage your bike.  Doing  however is very dangerous and  need to be fixed. This damage goes on for about a 1/4 mile from  traffic light at Rancho Penasquos Rd to  light at  top   hill at Stony Creek Rd
The bike lane is in shambles.  You can't even ride in .  You have to ride on  left side   whe line in  road or you'll damage your bike.  Doing  however is very dangerous and  need to be fixed. This damage goes on for about a 1/4 mile from  traffic light at Rancho Penasquos Rd to  light at  top   hill at Stony Creek Rd
The Broadway street located here has many potholes.  The number  m is above a dozen all varying in sizes.  Many  m are bigger than 18 inches wide.
4 inch deep pothole and one foot diameter on  corner  montezuma rd and college ave right in front  Arco gas station
Multiple potholes at  intersection  Linda Vista Rd. and Genesee Ave near each corner.
Man hole cover missing at intersection  Robinson and 7th Ave.
Two potholes, one for each wheel, on southbound Fairmont beneath  East Bound lane  I-8. Killers!!
1985 Petra dr. Pot holes
Eastbound lane  Lincoln Ave. between 33rd and Wabash right in front   alley has a large (6 by 9 ft) square repair patch that has sunk several inches.  Going to break an axle or flatten a tire soon if  isn't fixed.
Sewer cover is uneven, and when vehicles go over  creates a loud noise.  is located in front f e Happy Head Message parlor, on  corner  second and market
Large hole in road
Pothole at upas and 30th
Pothole in  nothbound lane in  4900 block  Mercury St.
Pothole laden bike lane
2ND REQUEST. POTHOLE STILL AT LOCATION
I submted  issue last Friday wh  tracking number 00232077.  Over  weekend you sent me an email stating  problem had been fixed.The problem is far from fixed.  This morning when I went through  intersection (Ash and Columbia) re was more water than ever throughout  intersection and multiple potholes that everyone was trying to avoid.Looking at  street  morning,  was hard to tell what work  Cy had accomplished that y consider  work complete.This remains a very dangerous intersection wh  water and many potholes.  I saw a moped driver swerve to miss a large pothole and instead h several small ones.The water appears to be coming from  north on State Street n flowing west on Ash.Thanks for fixing  potholes and water issues quickly.

Pothole in middle  street
Pothole in crosswalk Clmt Mesa & Genesee intersection. Cars drive in  when heading south bound in  left lane  Genesee.(located in  north crosswalk   intersection.)
  intersection  Camino Del Norte and Bernardo Center Drive.  Heading west on Camino Del Norte, in  inside lane next to  raised median, in  west side   intersection.  Speed lim is 50 mph.  Going at 50 mph, I h  pothole and swerved next to  raised median and overcorrected into  #2 lane.  VERY DANGEROUS.  PLEASE REPAIR SOON BEFORE AN ACCIDENT OCCURS!!!
There are about three different potholes on Solana St. They are not entirely deep but y are a safety risk trying to avoid.
There are numerous large cracks on Cabela Drive between Duenda Rd. and Palo Ct.  There are que a few previously repaired cracks that have now grown and re is grass and weeds growing out   cracks.  There is also some more significant cracking on Cabela Drive near Danza Circle where  asphalt is degrading and separating from  underlying concrete (see photos).  Please make appropriate repairs to Cabela Drive.


HUGE Pothole right before  cones. But also ALLL  way from  I-8 to  intersection  Montezuma and Collwood. In  right hand lane
LARGE POTHOLE
The whole street is cracked maybe re's sink hole help Thank you
hole in street south  cam del rio n on texas near  freeway
Hello re is a large pothole at  location.  This is  2nd time I have reported .
Large potholes
Pothole in left Northbound lane
DEEP potholes at intersection  Front St & West C St.  Damaging cars. Please fix!
Large pothole at  entrance   alley between 3rd and 4th at Brookes Ave.
Multiple potholes/extremely rough surface for a few hundred feet in  westbound lanes  Genessee.
Large pothole about 3 feet from corner  Westonhill
Hello -  first re was one pothole in  intersection (likely caused by  construction on  corner). Then re were two. Now re are three. 's like a Dr. Seuss book but about potholes. Seriously though,  intersection is becoming very dangerous because  potholes are all grouped toger in  intersection. 's only a matter  time before y cause a car accident. If you could please bump  up on  priory list, you would be my hero. My car and 's ltle tire shoes thank you.
EXTREME Series  potholes (TOO NUMEROUS TO COUNT), uneven street, loose train track (unused), all concentrated on  roads wh high levels  traffic and HEAVY usage.This area has become dangerous to  point that if even if you drive 5 mph on se roads your car is bumping all over  place, if you go  speed lim, 's downright dangerous.Highly traveled roads:entrance to Marine Recru Depot, Airport Parking, Fed Ex, Trolley station, Highway 5  South/North on/f Ramp, commuter travel up Washington to communies  Mission Hills, Hillcrest, NorthparkPLEASE:   THIS SHOULD BE A PRIORITY, WHEN WILL THE CITY WAKE UP AND REALIZE HOW HORRIBLE THESE ROADS ARE...ITS AN EMBARRASSMENT, AND  HIGHLY DANGEROUS.  SOMEONE IS GOING TO SUE THE CITY BECAUSE OF THIS IF IT IS NOT FIXED.  ITS BEEN IN THIS STATE OF DISREPAIR FOR TOO LONG AND IS GETTING WORSE!!!!!!
recently re was patchwork done after spilled paint ruined  lines and stained  street.  patchwork is already cracking and is not smooth in certain key areas.
BAD POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
Multiple potholes in right lane from Revelle to LJ Shores heading north on N. Torrey Pines.
Potholes
Pot hole
pot hole on 59th just before  entrance  5885 El Cajon
Pothole Broadway between 13th and Park Boulevard middle  roadway
POTHOLES
POTHOLES
Pothole caused by street construction & laying  new sewer pipes! Hole has large river rock stones but not enough gravel.   intersection right after  light going south on 54th St at  corner  Pirotte.
Big pothole on  street
Multiple between Federal Bl and Tooley St.How many potholes have to be filled before  street qualifies for repaving?
Pothole near corner  gas station
There's a bump on  crosswalk at  intersection on Palm Ave and Beyer Way going North (crosswalk from  high school to Chevron). Can you make  bump more smooth because every time I crossed ,  feels like a speed bumps and I have to slow down when  lights turn green?
The concrete over  old trolley tracks (center   street), has given away. The hole is 7" deep, 5" x 10"
Company that worked on  sewer project left  street in shambles
Company that worked on  sewers left  street in terrible shape.




Dangerous pothole in pedestrian path. Someone will get severely hurt
MacCaulay, Plum, and Lowell Streets need  completely repaved. Countless potholes and patches are no longer viable.
Cars ten swerve to miss  pothole. 's dangerous.

I-15 TO POMERDO RD, ON POWAY!
Pot Holes and large cracks, rough pavement, and uneven rail tracks on West Washington Street from Pacific Highway to India Street.
Large stretches  uneven pavement as well as potholes on  road from from prior construction on Robinson Ave, from 10th avenue to Park Blvd.
Rough Road, pot holes, and pavement cracks on Universy Ave from Vermont Ave to Park Blvd.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
REPAIR CRACKS IN STREET
Pothole, ex lane to Gilman Drive from westbound La Jolla Village Dr, photo wasn't taken due to driving.
Pothole, right lane. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.
Pothole in  middle   interaction where  #2 northbound lane is. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.
POTHOLE
Huge potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Not sure if  is exact location but head down  hill.  Your wheel is about ripped f when you h  pothole.
Pothole
Pothole
POTHOLE AND CRACKS ABOUT 3-4 NCHES CRUMBLING
runs across  entire street.  crew came out couple months ago and only fixed a small portion that has already crumbled.
POTHOLE ABOUT 5 X1 FT LONG
There is a very large hole in a manhole in  back alley behind 4219 Felton street. The hole is so large that car wheels can get stuck in  hole.
Pothole needs a patch
Pothole needs a patch
The entire length  Rancho Carmel Dr. from  intersection at  Ted Williams Parkway to Carmel Mountain Rd. is badly damaged. Both lanes, both directions.  has been in a state  disrepair for years but  storms from earlier  year have made  suation crical. My family drives  road daily and  has become a concern as to  welfare  our vehicles.
Steep Hill. Concrete cracked and pot holed.  has been like  for years. I have reported  twice before (I believe) and nothing has been done. Needs concrete repair not asphalt because asphalt just sinks in and holes re-appear.
Steep Hill paved in concrete. Large cracks and dips in concrete in middle  road. Causes driving hazard. I have reported  before but nothing was done. This needs concrete repair not asphalt as asphalt just sinks in.
2 inch wide 3" deep in front  driveway daughter has fallen f  bike several or area in need  repair
Open water cover
Pothole in right hand lane driving south.
Pot hole in road on Renaissance Ave in front  CVS
We have a lot  pothole throughout  Alley for so many years and  cy continue to add black stuff and after few months  pothole comeback   is a few  m in front  my garage.
Pothole
Rectangular pothole in middle lane  B Street, just before (east ) Park Blvd.
There is a pot hole directly in front   driveway for my building at  listed address.
BROKEN CONCRETE IN FRONT OF ADDRESS
Pot hole middle  street

There are two very big potholes in  alley between Pennsylvania St and Robinson Ave, by Vermont St in Hillcrest (92103).
The alley between Estrella Ave, 49th street, El Cajon Blvd and Trojan Ave is deteriorating seriously. Please survey  alley and take appropriate repairs to make  alley safer.Thanks,
Southbound Cactus Road between Airway Road and Siempre Viva Road needs to be repaved. I've copied Councilmember David Alvarez and Michael Turko on  message along wh  photos.None  se images are duplicates.My car has factory suspension and  frame hs  road at  stop sign.

Potholes
Potholes from Camino Ruiz all  way to Black mountain Rd
large pothole getting onto  805NORTH. DAMAGED VEHICLE.
70th Street South bound between Saranac St. and Mohawk Street (closer to Mohawk St.) has two large potholes in  number one lane.
Bad unavoidable potholes at  beginning   Richmond Street ex f   163 North freeway! Please repair asap!!!
There is a medium size pothole on  westbound side  West Point Loma drive.
Pothole
Pothole near intersection
Pothole near intersection
There is a pothole on  west side  Thermal , between  NW and SW corners   intersection wh Fern Ave.
Large pothole right in front  alley.
SB previous patch deteriorated and depressed
There are numerous holes in front  our house and throughout  block.   has been  way for years.  I haven't complained because I was thinking that  would be taken care  eventually.  Well, now y're getting bigger and something needs to be done as soon as possible.
LOTS OF POTHOLES. ONES THAT RECENTLY GOT FILLED ARE NOT HOLDING.
Huge pothole in alley


163 f ramp

Pot hole wh chunks out in front  driveway, 3rd request.
Pothole
Potholes and cracks all along Seminole dr near clay park. Please fix ASAP.
Pothole

2 ft drop sinking  in alley causing car damage . east  bacon , west  cable between Longbranch and muir
Big pothole between polaris and capricorn in mira mesa.
Felice Rd pothole needs filling
Several pot holes
Multiples pot holes in  intersection  Ash Street and Columbia Street. Very big pot holes that can cause damage.

This is more than just a "pothole" problem.  The bike lane on Harbor Dr, north  28th street on  north bound (east side)   street is absolutely horrendous.   needs to be repaved all  way up to  top   hill.
The cul de sac needs to potholes filled. By  Curb all around.
The cul de sac needs to potholes filled. By  Curb all around.
 street is falling apart
This high traffic corner needs filling
Pot holes and street is becoming a sink hole if not fix soon.  is on 60th street and universy ave.  is close to  genie car wash

More like a mini-sinkhole near  water wine and sewer area.
Postholes on India right before West Spruce Street in front  Starle.
Big dip/pothole left in  road after  Cy subcontractors worked on  water.  's a safety hazard, 's so big.
Very deep and wide pothole in center  street on Ave Manana
Deep and Almost a sink hole in center  Ave Manana at top  photo
This Street is in extreme need  repair. 's embarrassing. Cy  San Diego is not taking care  self. The upcoming wet season will furr damage  street. PLEASE REPAIR IT!!!!!!!!
Entire street in horrible condion. Asphalt disintegrating all around  block.
Pothole eastbound Poway Rd, Just f Northbound 15
In  westbound inside lane I h a series  potholes and lost a hubcap. Traffic prevented me from driving around m.
Once you leave Poway heading west on Poway Rd 's like you're entering a war zone. The potholes are ridiculous, frequent and large. I've already lost one tire in  area, I don't want to lose anor.
Big pothole right in front  house
Lanes are very uneven. I watched multiple bikers crash due to  pot holes along  Southbound lanes. I also saw multiple bikes get flat tires due to  pot holes.
s a huge bump...
Several potholes just south  intersection wh La Jolla Shores Dr. See attached photo for exact location.
Sunset Ridge Drive between Spring Canyon Road and Anocona Lane, is in dire need  repair.  The street is cracking and breaking apart. This is now a high traffic street due to year long work on Pomerado Road and is becoming worse by  day.
Intersection very uneven. When you drive over at your tire skips
Cracked and indented road caused a bicycle rider to lose control  his bicycle and resulted in serious injury. Nottingham Place is a through road to  elementary school and  potholes are dangerous
There are several areas on Whefield Place where  pavement is broken into pieces, and one is actually now a pothole.  The street needs to be re-paved.  The damage has primarily been caused by  large trucks and equipment engaged in  Soledad Avenue water main project going up and down  street last winter.  The street is in bad shape, and now wh  pothole in  middle   street, could be a major problem .
Big potholes in street at intersection  driveway to street. Sent request through previously but ,section was not repaired.
Pothole @50th and sterling st.


Road still hasn't been fixed
POTHOLE  IN ALLEY (STORMWATER WAS CALLED OUT) NO STORMDRAINS IN ALLEY
Long narrow pothole in  area
There are three pot holes on Alameda where  need Sunset Blvd. One  m seems to be breaking up and larger rocks are coming out - see photo.
Deep pothole
Huge pot hole.
Huge pot hole.
Pothole
Pothole
Huge pothole in Fleet Science Center parking lot.
Pothole


Major potholes just West  I-15 on Camino del Norte. Very dangerous as cars going 50+ mph. Been re for over 1 year please fix asap thanks!
Deep and "sharp" pothole in traffic lane, northbound,  just before  foot bridge. makes a big band if you h ! Thanks!
Leaking pothole.. Street has never been black topped since I have lived here. Going on 20 years.
Several potholes on  west going side  Imperial for  entire block leading up to  63rd street intersection.  They are really bad on  inside lane.

This is a long hole that has been here for more than a year, getting worse.
This is a pot hole/ crumbling hole that has been here for years.  is on a steep hill and is a concrete road.  has been like  for years wh  occasional asphalt thrown in which sinks and breaks up when  rains. This area, like or parts   hill need to repaired wh concrete not asphalt. Driving up or down  hill resembles driving f road.
pothole
pothole
Street has many potholes on overpass bridge
Manhole cover has large bs  asphalt missing around ? Very deep
Share  road sign in  bike lane.   There should first be a bike lane closed sign and, Share  road signs are meaningless to motorists and cyclists.  The Bikes My Use Full Lane sign should be used whenever  bike lane is closed.  Why is  closed?  Because  is in dangerous condion?  IT is?  IS re or work going on?
Pothole
Going westbound on Camino Del Norte.   intersection  Camino Del Norte and Bernardo Center Drive, in  left lane, re is a mini speed bump in  asphalt.  The asphalt is uneven and causes a hard impact to vehicles.
I am following up when  work will be done to resolve  issue.  My request was closed out whout any improvements to  road.  I was informed that tracking number 0020285 was submted for supervisor approval, several weeks back.  In addion, I left a voicemail message for  supervisor, Mike, regarding  issue but did not hear back from him.  That was over two weeks when I left Mike  message.  Does anyone know when  road repairs will get done and how long we must wa?  Thanks.Tracking Number: 00202805 Problem Type: Or Problem Description: CALLING F/2ND TIME, ASPHLT BUMPY & BREAKING APART, LEADS TO ENTRANCE TO APARTMENT COMPLEX, CLAIMS ITS CAUSING DAMAGE TO CARS, Problem Location:11143 CAMINO RUIZ-ASPHLT BRKN,
Pothole


Potholes in right lane  eastbound Washington st. Especially near old railway tracks crossing  street. This is under pacific hwy overpass.
I-5 south. Right thru lane. Near park blvd overpass.
Right thru lane I-5 northbound before commercial st.

Big hole about 1 foot - thank you very much
This road is not motorable. Please repair  immediately. There are multiple potholes in se area. This is causing extreme tear and wear on  vehicles.Due to  big pot holes  stretch  road is extremely dangerous
ASPHALT TRENCH ON SOUTH SIDE SUNKEN/VEHICLES GETTING STUCK
THE BUMPIEST AND ROUGHEST ROAD IN SAN DIEGO! A few blocks  roads are freshly paved and new. There was construction for weeks fixing who knows what underneath  ground, I was hoping  was  start  smoothing out  roads and instead  got worse! Giant metal plates still everywhere. Can I start a petion to help pave  strip  road? Bumpy from 30th over to a ltle past Iowa. Prone to cfee spills. Also- is re a way to add a stop sign at  intersection? Many time people will stop unexpectedly because y think ?s a stop when  is not. No accidents wness, but prone to .
Taylor St. has been beautifully repaved except for one block near  Hotel Circle/Taylor St. ex from eastbound I-8. This section places cyclists at risk  injury due to ruts, cracks and rough pavement. Please repave  section completely.

Poor road condions full  pot holes and has been for awhile.
Old patch failing.
Old patch failing
Old patch failing
Small pothole eastbound Calle de Linea as  road turns into Cactus Road.
About 150 Feet West   intersection wh Sampson Street, in  middle  E Harbor Drive between  number 1 & 2 Lanes re is a section  concrete roadway that has recently dropped about 1 1/2 inches.  I believe  is an access covering for a pipeline as  concrete section runs down through  roadway.   might be an indication  a much larger problem in  making.
Sidewalk is sunken in and wh bumps inches high
Pothole
Roselle Street needs repair especially  stretch  road from  area under  5 freeway, past  Sorrento Valley station to Dunhill Street.  There are potholes and  pavement is very uneven from past potholes that have been repaired.  The street just needs to be re-done or re-surfaced to smooth  out.
SEVERAL POTHOLES
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
SEVERAL POTHOLES IN STREET
Pothole in  eastbound lanes between 325 and 335 West Washington St,
Pothole, 8th request at  location
Pothole, numerous requests at  location.

Pothole
The pavement on Sunset Ridge Drive and Via Cimborio Circle is completely destroyed and needs to be resurfaced. Turko from KUSI has been out twice to spotlight se two streets as two   worst in town. Sunset Ridge is a thoroughfare and, for some reason, has been allowed to fall into total disrepair.  needs to be resurfaced asap.
Neglected and improperly managed potholes in our cul-de-sac.
missing water meter cover causing a dangerous 6-8" diameter pothole in middle  road. Need immediate attention.
In intersection
big pot hole in intersection
Potholes in street
Potholes in street up and down Avenida Venusto.
Many potholes at  intersection  Calle Paracho and Camino Ryone and up Calle Paracho heading West up  street.
Rancho Carmel Drive is in need  serious repair.  There are missing chunks  asphalt up and down  road and sensor plate wires expose at Shoal Creek intersection.   is a very rough drive on that road.
 should be "potholes". Rancho Carmel Drive needs to be repaired as our cy councilman already knows.  I would rar he spend his time trying to get  road fixed which should have been addressed a long time ago, rar than wasting his time voting against a border wall.  I don't care about a border wall.  I care about  road I live on and  constant damage to my cars.
Utily box does not match grade  street. Box is lower than elevation  street and causing vehicles to drive around box.
long cracks on  west bound side   Scripps Poway Parkway between Springbrook Drive and Village Ridge Road.

Needs to be fixed
Potholes (not just  particular one) along  middle  Zoo Drive in  particular stretch, double yellow lines couple probably be touched up as well since those are looking faded.
Multiple potholes in  alley between Clairemont Mesa Boulevard and Jemez Drive
Large pothole
This pothole has been reported in early August (reference case number 218765) but still has not been fixed.
I have lived  in  area for 11 yrs David Alvarez came to my door to introduce himself, said he was going to fix  streets and many more good things. I drive thru  street every day, different times a day,  street 's so damaged wh potholes and crevices that tires do get damaged, I do wonder when is  street ever going to get fixed, cars, buses wh school kids pass by here, please repair  street.
Pothole southbound lane  Park Blvd in  crosswalk where  intersects  I-5 southbound f ramp. Picture not taken due to driving
Bad Pothole
Pothole in  southbound lanes   intersection. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.

Large pot hole
Potholes everywhere. Please please please finally fix.
This looks to be a potential sinkhole.
Colusa street just north  friars road
Right turn lane on Mira Mesa Blvd onto northbound Vista Sorrento Pkwy. Pothole in that turn lane also immediately behind that pothole 's like  asphalt bubbled up like a volcano so that needs to be smood out. In  report, re's  dip   pothole that needs to be patched and  bump  asphalt depos that needs to smood out.
Potholes and long cracks on both side   Scripps Poway Pkwy between  Scripps Summ Drive and  entrance   I-15.

 area   road needs to be repaired I both directions north and south, re is broken pavement, indicating  ground will give way due to heavy traffic on both lanes. Area is from 4927 Convoy St, San Diego, CA 92111 to 5155 Convoy St, San Diego, CA 92111 please repair  dangerous road
ASPHALT REPAIRS MADE BUT CONES AND EQUIPMENT HAVE BEEN LEFT BEHIND. PLEASE PICK UP CONES AND EQUIPMENT.
Blvd needs to be repaired in both directions oad has missing broken pavement, deep cracks that should be patched, missing pavement,  road needs to be resurfaced due to very heavy truck traffic in both directions from 7207 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111to 5360 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117
My street needs a repair and resurface.
Pothole in  middle   intersection  32nd Street at Bancrt Street. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.
Street eroding on  south side   street.
Right before  intersection  El Cajon Blvd and 37th.
The entire East end street  59th street is entirely disintegrating, potholes,  asphalt all dude regranting separating in street and from curb. Entirely unsafe for kids on bicycles cannot roller skate and be kids and dangerous for motorcyclists and people walking. Curbs are all broken concrete people tripping and falling HUGE liabily issue for  cy if not immediately fixed
Heavy ruts near curb that could be a danger to pedestrians.
Pothole
11th request at  location

Pothole
Gene see Ave near Linda Vista Rd east and west is horrible and needs to be repaired ASAP. I drive  every day and 's ruining my alignment.
2 potholes in #2 lane eastbound
Pot hole crack before   speed bump by  bus stop in front   arco station
Getting f  955 bus moments ago @ 54th & universy i stepped f tbe curb to pick up my bus pass and fell into what i can only describe as a sink hole and right onto what looks like a speed bump at  moment I'm finding  difficult to believe that  dangerous hazard hasn't been reported & fixed. I would like to speak wh someone asap  damage re is really disturbing i fell hard. Hard enough to rip my jeans and I'm pretty sure my knee is bleeding. Thank you. Katrina Luckett 619-381-8629 my cell or katrinaluckett7@gmail.com
so many cracks in road  is hard to walk across more all along Broadway
The street in  back alley  our property is heavily potholed and very uneven.We live next to a building inhabed mostly by retirees who walk in  back alley and  condions   street present a very unsafe suation for m
Two big ol potholes center lane going east just past  intersection. Asphalt breaking up.
2 potholes in front   address
3 in front  house

3 in street at  address

3 potholes here




Deep and dangerous pothole. Second request to fix!!!
Potholes have appeared all over  strip  road. Please fill in.
Rectangular pothole has appeared on  b  freeway
Cy  San Diego dug a 4x5' hole on Bannock Ave in March 2017. The hole was never properly filled and repaired.  was filled wh gravel, wh cy cones and a no parking sign.  presents a hazard to automotive and pedestrian traffic, as  was never sealed wh concrete/blacktop and  gravel has shifted and settled. This eyesore and danger to  public and personal property NEEDS to be fixed. This is  4th report filed for  issue by San Diego residents and yet no action has been taken by  cy. Request action is take prior to someone getting hurt.
Cy  San Diego dug a 4x5' hole on Bannock Ave in March 2017. The hole was never properly filled and repaired.  was filled wh gravel, wh cy cones and a no parking sign.  presents a hazard to automotive and pedestrian traffic, as  was never sealed wh concrete/blacktop and  gravel has shifted and settled. This eyesore and danger to  public and personal property NEEDS to be fixed. This is  4th report filed for  issue by San Diego residents and yet no action has been taken by  cy. Request action is take prior to someone getting hurt.
Potholes and damage  road.   was a newly paved road that needs some addional work from damage that occurred after  work.  Thank you.
CUSTOMER FELL ON POTHOLE IN FRONT OF ARCO STATION,  BY THE BUS STOP
Pot
Where asphalt and concert meet heading towards Pacific Hwy.
Large hump in walk/bike pathway.


Pothole w/b #2 lane.
Very bad road work,  popped my tire and damaged suspension heading west


Prominent pothole on 37th heading north right before crossing intersection. THANKS.
west bound lane (north side  road) large pothole.
Pothole in  intersection  Auburn Drive and Wightman Street
Pothole on Napa Street northbound just a few feet north   Riley Street intersection
POTHOLES ALONG LOCATION
MULTIPLE POTHOLES AT LOCATION
Small pothole on  northwest corner  E and 5th Avenues
The condion   bike path northbound Fairmont to Mission Gorge is terrible and overgrown.   is hard to ride missing pavement irregularies in pavement and bush branches.
Pothole in front   my home @ 16583 Felice Dr  SD 92128
There are 2 large potholes in front   driveway for  building.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Ally that runs parallel west  35th Street (goes from Arthur to East Mountain View) has extremely uneven road and broken concrete. Two areas were fixed recently but re are still a few more spots wh 3 inch jutting concrete. There's even a 3 foot slab  loose concrete that wobbles.
Pothole in road
Potholes
2 big potholes growing larger every day, chunks  asphalt appear along  roadside as  grows larger and deeper. Center lane heading east on Poway Rd past  intersection. Can't miss m y are huge!!!!!!!!
Sharp edge pothole on Kenamar drive at intersection wh Trade street.  Need street repair.
Liabily pothole in front  home where resident has eye sight impairment.  Pothole big enough to cause injury.
SEVERAL POTHOLES IN THE 6200 BLK OF MADELINE ST. 3FT IN DIAMETER
Pothole middle   intersection  Montezuma Rd and Campanile Dr. Going west on Montezuma Rd
Pothole going westbound on Montezuma Rd between 54th St and Yierba Santa. Right lane
Pothole where at acc/pcc contact
In  gated entrance  parking lot, re is a hole on  sidewalk, I am afraid because wh  in and out  traffic re is getting worst, and s getting bad enough that s damaging I believe is underground water pipes. Need to know if we could repair because s outside property so s cy sidewalk.
Street on genesee north are deteriorating and extremely bumpy.
The 3300 block  Curtis Street has been torn up since August  2017.  Utily trenches have created significant problems wh dust, debris and potholing along  block.  The temporary fill (dirt) in  trenches is generating so much dust a debris in  air,  neighborhood homes cannot have ir windows open at anytime due to dust from vehicles driving over  trenches.  The lower blocks  Curtis have been provided new concrete so when is  scheduled date   3300 block replacement?
Pothole 2ft by 1ft
Road uneven and damaged from tree roots
Pothole 2ft by 1ft, not at 1415 paradise hills road previously submted.
This is a steep hill that has a concrete surface. The area in front   house is cracked and makes riding very unpleasant. Cars need to straddle  center   road. This needs to be repaired in concrete not asphalt This has been reported before and ignored.
This is anor in a series  holes/uneven roadway on  concrete hillside.  has been getting worse for years and has been reported but always ignored. This needs to be repaired in concrete not asphalt.
Multiple pot holes and cracked pavement on  roads leading to and from Pacific Hwy from MCRD
There is a pothole that has become like a trench. The hole is getting bigger and longer and is starting to spread. The pothole is affecting  handicap parking area and  is becoming unsafe.
Pothole
Pothole in intersection  Montezuma Road and 55th St.
Destroyed pavement.
Many potholes in front  Denny's
small pothole on east side  street
Pothole near  curb at  southwest corner 4th and Brookes.
Hello, I have attached photos  potholes that need to be repaired on 35th Street between  cross streets Monroe and Madison. (Normal Heights area) The potholes are In Front  4522-4538 35th Street San Diego CA 92116. Please let me know when we can expect se potholes to be repaired. Thank you, Anne McNicholl 619-300-1142
POTHOLE
Haines and Roosevelt. driveway to baypointe.
Pothole remaining after water department repaired a main line. (They did a very poor job  repairing  street when y finished.)
Shook my whole car
Our street is designated for replacement   concrete.  The gas lines had to be reinstalled and  trenches were filled wh a temporary material.  That material has eroded and  trenches are now a driving obstacle.   is not safe to drive over 10 miles per hour.  This also affects  3400 Block as well.  This is a safety hazard
Pothole/sinkholePothole seems to be getting deeper. There is always water in  as well. Cars bottom out due to how deep  currently is.
Pothole
Pothole at intersection  Lomica Dr and Hispano Dr
Jarring pothole poorly and partially fixed be a neighbor.  Start  small sinkhole??

Pothole in right lane turning from Bernardo Center onto West Bernardo
many potholes on street
Pot hole in  bike lane in front   address.
Pot hole by sewer cap
Pothole in  street and in front   driveway for Super Mercado Murphy's. The actual location is on 46th St
Potholes
hazardous potholes   West lane    Southbound  3805 Midway Dr   92110    at entrance to driveway  McD s
pothole East lane  southbound   W. Mission Bay Dr  just prior to  ramp entrance for East Bound Sea World Dr
This was previously submted under tracking # 00239881 - and  seems to have been referred to Water and Sewers.This is a pothole, needing street repair.   was  result  Dept.  Water and Sewer repair to a mainline - which y fixed.  However, y did a very poor job  repairing  damage to  street.  THE STREET NOW NEEDS REPAIR!!!  The photo attached doesn't show how bad  really is.
  intersection  Shawline Street and Clairemont Mesa Blvd,  pavement is ltered wh deep potholes.
Cluster  potholes in  intersection, y used to be very small but recently ( week) became larger and deeper. They are in  farst left lane on eastbound La Jolla Village Drive, in  section  road next to  Mobil gas station.

There's a pothole on  sidewalk in front  DA Stereo on chamoune avenue
s in front   DA stereo on chamoune street
Potholes in  alley
Numerous potholes and damage to  adjacent sidewalk on 22nd and Broadway. Popular path for bicyclists, poses liabily risk to cy.
Pathole on on  street
There is a pothole in  alley
Hole is  street
Pothole in  street

Damaged road
Pothole by  curb
Road is all chewed up wh pot hold all over, kids on bikes fall & cars have to drive out  correct placement to dodge holes

Road is all chewed up wh pot hold all over, kids on bikes fall & cars have to drive out  correct placement to dodge holes
Road is all chewed up wh pot hold all over, kids on bikes fall & cars have to drive out  correct placement to dodge holes
Road is all chewed up wh pot hold all over, kids on bikes fall & cars have to drive out  correct placement to dodge holes

Road is all chewed up wh pot hold all over, kids on bikes fall & cars have to drive out  correct placement to dodge holes. Don't have all specific pictures for  one 's on San Vicente between Encinas and Sawtelle ave has many bad spots all up and down San Vicente between Encinas and sawtelle. Wasn't able to take all  specific pictures re, but all similar

There are several big patholes
11 whin 3 meters
Potholes in alley
West bound. Street warping.
Pothole in number 1 lane in  middle   intersection
Ranch Carmel Dr between Carmel Mountain Rd and Ted Williams Pkwy is in as much need  repair as any road in San Diego. Roads in  area that aren't even close are being repaired.  Potholes, ruts, uneven surfaces, s all re!
Big hole on  road, can  be fixed?
Pothole
I was walking from Islands restaurant, through  entrance where Armour St. meets Kirkcaldy.  There is a strip in  concrete, next to  sidewalk that is completely torn up.  My foot twisted into one side   hold and I fell hard on my knee while chunking  up in  hole. Please fix  dangerous driveway/walkway
CLAIMS THIS WHOLE AREA NEEDS TO BE POWER WASHED  NOT JUST THIS INTERSECTION BUT THE WHOLE AREA
Huge pot hole.
The left-hand turn pocket from westbound El Cajon Blvd. 2 Southbound Park Blvd. has huge potholes and asphalt bunching
Part   side   street is gone. Also, in  same area   road, are multiple potholes.
Very large pothole










Edge  road has eroded away.
Potholes on EB Washington just before  5Th
Pot holes

Huge pot hole wh pieces   street popping up.
The pothole blew my tire.
This area has been marked several times for last several years but nobody has come to fix. The last markings have broken up already  and  hole has expanded.
The entire street   Mt. Herbert from Mt. Laudo down to Mt. Hubbard is full  potholes and is in really bad shape.
Pot hole in front  bus stop
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes in both directions in front  Target.  15 year problem.
Dumped furnature
Potholes in intersection
Potholes in intersection
Large pothole at ex to shopping center. Damaged my front bumper.
The entire road  Mount Herbert starting at  interaction  Mount Laudo and going to  end past Mount Forde is in an extreme damaged state  repair.  This have become a serious safety issue as many vehicles are crossing to  oppose side   road to avoid  damaged road.  This is extremely dangerous for motorists and pedestrians and I have seen numerous near misses  cars crashing.    same time many many roads in  Clairemont area wh much less damage have been recently completely repaved.  Including Mount Herbert which has been paved multiple times in  past year right up to  point f where  real damage starts.  Please take  necessary actions to pave  entire stretch  road just like  or Clairemont sections as feeble pot hole fills have not only failed but have contributed to  horrible state   road.
SINKHOLE
Three potholes on orange Ave and 37th street
There are several potholes East on Miramar Road just f  Nobel Drive. When one is exing f  Nobel Drive and headed East on Miramar Road, one will encounter several potholes that are located in  first lane. The first lane is a "merging" lane. There are several potholes where  merging ends.
Pothole
People are falling and tripping on  hole, corner  elm St and 2nd ave, people run towards  bus stop and trip on , please take care   asap
Huge pothole and lump or bump on Howard Ave north side   street.  was created after street work by cy was done and has not been fixed in a couple months.
Grafti on wall in empty lot
PER CALLER FILL IN CRACKS FROM 5331-5361
Many potholes along Sunset Ridge Dr. south  Spring Canyon Road
Many potholes along  northbound road  Sabre Springs Parkway, between Poway Road and Ted Williams Parkway
North end  Sunset Ridge Dr between Spring Canyon Rd. and Canarywood Ct. has severe cracking on both sides   road.  The cracking and degradation   street here is creating a hazard for cyclists and vehicles. Sunset Ridge Dr near Frank Daniels Way is in  worst condion wh asphalt breaking f and creating a gravel surface in  street.  Please make appropriate repairs and know that  stretch  road has an OCI  less than 30 and needs a complete overlay as soon as possible.
Madrone Avenue is on terrible condion, repair immediately!
The ex to Friars Road f  163 south is a mess and completely needs to be redo. Especially  far right lane!

Pothole in left lane right after bridge coming f 5 freewayElm St & El Camino Real & I-5
BIG ROAD KILL. PLEASE GET
Potholes through out all   alley..  whole alley needs to be paved .. clients keep complaining
I'm not sure if  is CalTrans or Cy  San Diego's responsibily, but  pavement past  south end   bridge over I-8 as you make  right turn onto Taylor Street is riddled wh potholes,  is impossible to avoid all  m as y are next to  gutter as well as  driving lane, and I h m every day on my commute home.  Unfortunately  pavement improvements on Hotel Circle S did not include  small area.
Large pothole making drivers cross over  double yellow line to miss . Numerous near miss traffic collision.
Pothole approximately 16" in diameter
Pothole approximately 18" in diameter.
Pothole and raised street pavement needs to be repaired.
Potholes and damaged asphalt.
There is a pothole on  cross
Hi, On South I-5, just after Via De La Velle, re are three or four potholes on left lane (non car pool lane).  Can you please fix m?
Cracked sidewalk
Dumping and sidewalk comes f
This is  second time I've reported .  On 56th Street, just north  Trojan Avenue, in  northbound lane, re is a strip  asphalt  about 10 feet long and 2 feet wide -- perpendicular to  sidewalk and about 2 feet north   telephone pole -- that was previously dug up and filled.  That fill has sunk significantly and needs to be repaired/refilled.   is very bad and continues to worsen rapidly.
Added a picture for Tracking Number 00241991:  This is  second time I've reported . On 56th Street, just north  Trojan Avenue, in  northbound lane, re is a strip  asphalt about 10 feet long and 2 feet wide -- perpendicular to  sidewalk and about 2 feet north   telephone pole -- that was previously dug up and filled. That fill has sunk significantly and needs to be repaired/refilled.  is very bad and continues to worsen rapidly.
There is a HUGE (poorly and unpressionally "repaired") pothole in  alley behind 1224 Pennsylvania Ave.
Please repair several potholes along  north bound lane  Camino del Norte near paseo Montanoso.Thank you!Patrick
Pothole
Please fix very large pothole.  's been re for weeks.
Drive through is cracked
Uplifting Road Edge creating Hazard for bicyclists. This is sap ID number 1500 00842 1899  was marked closed but no repairs were done
BAD POTHOLE, MAY CAUSE DAMAGE- WHERE THERE WAS RECENT WORK.  OPENING BAD
asphalt repair needed north & south on Euclid   (FROM ST RITA TO TRINIDAD WY)  area is very bumpy idoesn't get fixed properly
Huge pothole in  middle   road. This causes vehicles to swerve onto upcoming traffic in order to avoid damage to ir vehicles. Damage to vehicles has also occurred, opening  cy to liabily.
Several bad potholes at intersection  Bernardo Oaks Dr and Rios Rd.
Pot hole next to  curb. Please fill.
Pot hole located on  south side   street. Very large can't miss .
IN front   driveway  6611
There is a really bad bump pot hole previous steeet repair defect heading east on elcajon Blvd.
LARGE POTHOLES EAST AND WEST BOUND TOURMALINE
The area where a sinkhole was repaired is sinking again; three metal access holes/covers are exposed several inches above grade and are being broken by passing cars.  looks like damage to vehicles is imminent. This is in  northbound Mission Gorge Rd lane.
LARGE POTHOLE IN#1 LANE, JUST CROSS OF UTAH ON EL CAJON BL..150000847959, CLAIMS PATCH AND WAS NOT.
Pothole on alley way entrance
Tons  potholes heading f 5 south towards Grand and Mission bay drive
Pothole at NW corner on Avati @ Huerfano.
I reported10 different potholes in  same block on  same day. They missed  one.


The pothole is in front   balboa rehab and  can cause a bicyclist to crash and injure mselves or ruin  suspension  cars. Please fill  in, someone got hurt for  very reason a few years ago. Thank you.
Pothole
Pothole

There is a huge pothole in  middle lane  Camino Santa Fe Just north  Miramar Rd.  covers almost  entire lane and is very difficult to avoid unless you know about  ahead  time.
Near manhole.
Potholes all up and down Grand avenue after exing 5 south on Mission bay drive (potholes on Mission Bay Drive too). Plenty  pot holes after turning left onto Grand from Mission Bay Drive and passing  Pacific Beach sign. This is one   busiest thoroughfares in all  PB and needs to be repaved
Pothole in  right turn lane
This is  second time I wre to you asking for  street to be done wh a complete overlay  asphalt. After 39 years  has never been completely done only poorly patch., and ?s an embarrassment when a few days ago you came to do  same....PATCHING!!Do I need to get signatures from neighbors in order to have our street completely re surfaced???  PLEASE bring in your machinery n start working on  street which was  ONLY street in  area that didn?t get done!I will b contacting several congress members to make m aware   problem.
A series  three or four pothole about a foot in diameter I really hope y decide to pave or slurry  road before winter add  so big 's not even drivable anymore whout hting a pothole
Approximate location indicated. Pothole in center lane on left side. Hole is more than 2 feet in diameter.  is unavoidable whout drive no in anor lane.
Pothole
  intersection  Turquoise and Dawes, contractor opened trenches across  intersection.  Did a substandard job repairing  street.  Patch job is already failing wh resulting potholes and collapsed asphalt.
Pot hole.
N/B Mission Gorge  @ Twain concrete caved in pipes sticking up 6-8 inches.  Number two lane
Large pothole in middle lane  Camino Santa Fe just north  Miramar Rd. Takes up almost entire lane. Can't avoid whout swerving into or lane.
Status needed on metal plate covering in alley between Lido Ct and Liverpool Ct
Several pot holes  in front  address.
pot holes in  alley between montezuma Rd and Marylane.
The cracking and overall condion   road is abhorrent. When is  scheduled to be repaved?
Large pothole near  curb.
This deteriorated asphalt is common around  entire Hummingbird Lane/Nightingale Way loop and y just continue to worsen especially during rain events.
Sunken pavement in northbound lanes  Mission Gorge Rd at Twain Ave.
Entire Street almost undriveable!!Please re-pave street ASAP!!
Pothole
Large pot hole in  number 2 lane about a quarter mile north  Miramar Road
Pot hole on ramp joining 15 s
Pot holes on Camino del Norte westbound
Pothole at alley
Cracked alley
Pothole at alley
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE THAT BLEW OUT ONE OF HER TIRES. NORTH BOUND CAMINO SANTE FE RIGHT LANE.

Badly damaged asphalt and potholes in  intersection.  10 year problem.
Deep pothole
potholes all along Acheson st
Deep pothole, 4012 Redwood, street was staging area for heavy equip, never got repaired, repaved
Pothole on gutter and street
Deep pothole, 4017 Redwood, street was staging area for heavy equip, never got repaired, repaved
And a hundred ors on La Jolla parkway!
TWO LARGE POTHOLES ON THE  2200 BLOCK OF RIVER RUN DR
LARGE POTHOLE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE INTERSECTION GOING TOWARD I-805
Several small potholes need patching on Cowles Mountain Blvd. at San Carlos Dr., N/O and S/O concrete cross gutter.
Big hole by elm and second avenue, people have tripped and fell running towards  bus stop, s on  bus stop side which is  west side when u are on  corner  second ave by  yellow access ramp.
POTHOLE, AREA SINKING WHERE RECENT REPAIR
2 potholes at curb 2ft  by 2ft and 18in by 30 ft
Bicycle lane is extremely dangerous. Very large potholes at  bus stop. Also across  street at  bus stop at 8959 in front   Bank  America. Holes are large enough to throw a bicycle into traffic. HELP!
Bog potholes on  street
Pothole
Big pothole growing bigger everyday in left westbound lane near center divide.
Pothole on Dwight St. near  cross street  Lantana Dr. is a pot hole, if you are traveling Eastbound on Dwight St  is on  Southside   street where  passenger side tires would run over.Thank you.
Pothole f  Miramar on Camino Sante Fe
large pothole in intersection,  intersection is spl, reporting party did not indicate which intersection  04th and walnut  is at, but reporting party's address is 3520 04th av.
PER CUST, PROTRUDING  METAL STICKING UP FROM THE ASPAHLT  ABOUT 2-3 INCHES . N/B LANE ON MISSION GORGE
12th report  a pothole at  location.  This intersection is badly damaged, sagging asphalt sinking as much as 4-8 inches in some spots makes  intersection and surrounding area very dangerous.  The asphalt in  area is badly damaged.  20 year problem, please address se issues.
Deep pothole

Deep ruts in road



Numerous potholes in  intersection


 dip in both  east and west bound lanes is very hazardous causes cars to bounce making driving unsafe   is between mission ctr and qualcomm


There are several  se on  west ends  Nightingale Way and Hummingbird Lane.
West intersection pothole
Pot hole at intersection.
Numerous horrible potholes on Cowles Mountain Boulevard, getting worse and worse over  past several months. Please fix se potholes or re-pave  street. Thank you!
Several potholes that desperately need help!
Pothole on northbound lane between Ronson Rd and Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Don't know how close to Rayon...been awhile since I wrote  down and reporting .
Damage on  alley
There is a large, deep hole next to  manhole cover in  middle   street near 10636 Escobar Drive, 92124.  I saw a car h  piece  cement that came out  . He got out  his car and put  piece  cement on  side   road. Now re is a deep, large pothole next to  manhole cover. Please fill  in before more cars get damaged. Thank you.
Pothole bear intersection by Fire Station 12
Potholes le on eastbound Rancho Penasquos Blvd by Union 76 station
Street is difficult to maneuver. Potholes and very uneven surface. People try to avoid holes and on several occasions have had to swerve back to avoid hting oncoming cars.

There is a disarray  concrete and pavement wh heavy cracking  both sides   street from Cowles Mountain Court to Lake Adlon Drive, San Diego 92119. There is actual chunks  tar and concrete laying loose on  road wh potholes everywhere causing  cars to shake and shutter and people radically swerving to miss m.  This is a safety issue because  is in an area wh many children due to  close proximy  Pershing Junior High School and  San Carlos Recreation Center.  Please help fix  dangerous suation that puts our children at risks and damages  vehicles that must drive on  section.
Center  road is starting to crumble become a very large pothole
Big hump in  pedestrian walk lines.  Was previously an issue last year & now 's  same exact suation  very same area.  Whomever cy hired to repair several months ago did a crap job  a pothole repair!!!!
A pothole has opened up in front  4132 Conrad Ave 92117. When cars drive by  asphalt flies!
Damaged on  street
There is a pot hole that I ran over unavoidably  f   8 east freeway,  ex is college avenue. As you ex f  free on College and you make a right, re is a large pot hole. This pot hole damaged by tire and caused  tire to go flat. AAA came out to put my spare on and  driver told me, I was  third call today for having a damaged tire, when exing f  college. This incident took place on Saturday, 10/7/17 at around 9:15am in  morning. Because  , I had to replace my tire, which cost me a ltle over $200.00. I am requesting that you replace  pot hole immediately, and I am seeking full reimbursement for .
Bad pavement
Bad pavement
Section  road badly deteriorating.  Difficult to drive over and park.  This was previously reported wh no action taken.
There is a pothole very close to  intersection wh Midway St.
Wife almost sprained ankle at first street damage.Damage is just south  MT Royal.2nd pot hole is in alley where  meets  street at  405A Royal Greens Pl, San Diego, CA 92117, USA
Pot hole at curb in front   bus stop.
This pothole has gotten significantly worse in  passed week and a half. ?s about a foot and a half wide and two feet wide. ?s located in  ally directly behind 4357 51st St
Cracks and potholes all throughout  alley street.  This is in  alley behind  house.
re was construction done on linda vista rd and  cross cut was not filled in properly.There is not an approximately 8 inch section  road all  way across that is is deep enough that i can hear and feel  when i go over.
Massive warped street.
This is a pothole dead center  an alley ( see map pin)  which is  entrance access to our parking lot and  looks like  depth is  7.5 deep,  3 feet wide and 6 feet accros.
POTHOLE
North bound lane , approx. 50 ft. before  Rancho Bernardo intersectionOn Acena Dr.Pothole (  roughly 20  x 20 inches and  4 to 6 inches deep.
Potholes in street in front  property
The are several potholes eastbound and westbound on  entire road  Old Milky Way, Escondido.  Some as large as 4x2, and deep.  Drivers are swerving onto oncoming traffic to avoid  potholes and re has been several near misses
Deep pothole right in front  2129 winnett on double yellow
street breaking up


2 pot holes eastside  lamont at  alley 2 large pot holes.
A couple  growing pot holes behind  Cotijas restaurant  (  alley) on 3066 Clairemont Drive San Diego 92117..  clients for  law fice and  counseling fice Park ir cars and use  alley and have complained multiple times now
Pothole reported 8/2017 closed 9/20/2017 still not fixed. This photo is from 10/9/2017. Not fixed
N/w pot hole and road crumbling .
Pothole and street crumbling
Across  Bank Of America  pot hole s/b lane.
Uneven pavement right side by bus stop
Uneven pavement. Bus stop
POTHOLE
Street repair
Pot hole at curb
Pot hole in  center   street
Pot hole in  road
Pot hole at  curb
Pot hole in  street
Bajada Road needs major attention to repair  street and  curb areas. From Bernardo Center Drive turn onto Bajada and proceed north to Graciosa Rd and you will see  deterioration and  continues. There has not been any repairs for several years. There are 4 pictures attached.
Severe cracking and crumbling  Valladares Dr.  This area was heavily affected by  wildfires in 2007 which drew abnormal use for a residential street.  Large emergency vehicles from  Fire Dept and Police inially, followed by months  large media trucks and construction crews to rebuild  houses lost in  fires.  This prolonged exposure to exceptionally large and heavy vehicles severely degraded  road and has never been addressed.  Ten years later,  condion  Valladares Dr. is poor at best and is in need  major repair.

Rough road in need  patching. Driving westbound a long segment  road. Thank you.
Previous service request was closed but nothing was done about . Universy Ave is horrendous and is very dangerous to ride a bike on and drive on. This presents a huge liabily for  cy  San Diego
Multiple small holes in driving Lane.
There is a growing pothole at  corner  Arosa at College Ave.  The pothole is in  eastern College Ave. crosswalk across Arosa.
re are 3 (three)  2 ft by 2 ft potholes at  location that desperately need to be filled
Far right lane  Fairmount Ave going north into 8 east. There is a pothole but looks more like  asphalt sunked into  ground.
6 foot long by 16 inch wide gap in asphalt 8 inches deep hole in corner  alley just south  Grand Ave on Olney.  This is an unfinshed construction job that has been left in a VERY unsafe condion for 5 days now.  Looks like  crew ran out  asphalt or just forgot to fill in  gap between old roadway and new concrete.  Hundreds  cars have to navigate around  hazard each morning to deliver kids to Mission Bay High School.
Dangerous missing great for almost a year
Street falling apart, needs completely new road base. Has been screwed up for years. Has  cy just given up on maintenance?
Pot hole in  street
Pot hole in  street
Pot hole in  street
Pot hole on  center line
On center line  street
Pot hole in stteet
Pot hole on street
In street
In street
In  street
 intersection
Been like  for over a year. Has been reported before that.
.  is in  middle   road (around  manhole cover) near 10636 Escobar Drive, 92124.We saw a car h  large piece  cement that dislodged from  hole (which is next to  manhole cover) and I'm not sure how much damage was done to his car. He got out and put  large piece  cement on  side   road (in  bushes). We looked at  hole and  is pretty large and deep and most likely will damage any car's tire and/or wheel that hs . The cement has been lose for a while but now  a large deep hole since  cement piece is gone. Please have someone fill  in before more people h  and damage ir cars. Thank
The streets Greenford Dr and Flanders Drive are worse than an f road truck trail.   Hillery was recently paved and looks really nice.   Nice clean paved roads bring  property values up and makes  neighborhood look much nicer.
The bike lane in  area is in horrible shape. There are numerous potholes north   rail road track all  way up  hill. This is on  east side  Harbor Dr.  (north bound).   would be nice if you could "repave"  entire bike lane.
Severe pothole 1-1.5ft diameter, partial obstructed due to hill, dangerous, Westbound lane.
Water meter missing cap
Water meter missing cap
Pothole on poway road between springbrook dr and creekview dr westbound.
Large oblong pothole in  center  Mt Albertine  Ave. at 4055.     moment  is 1 1/2 by 1 1/2 by 3 3/4 deep, wh a large loose piece that will be soon broken up and  pothole will be 3 feet long.   This pothole is located down from  Lindbergh Elementary School, which is heavily used by parents dropping f ir children.  The road is heavily used also by heavy trucks and once again request that  road be repaved from Balboa Ave. to Mt Aguilar Ave.Request repair ASAP!
SEVERAL POTHOLES 4400 BLOCK OF TAYLOR ST. OVER BRIDGE TO I-8  TRAVELING WEST BOUND TAYLOR ST
POTHOLES DOWN WARING RD   4400 BLOCK AS YOU APPROACH I-8 ON AND OFF RAMPS
Large pothole
3100 to  3300 block Wing St   all lanes
Major potholes, cracking pavement, unsafe driving condions for an incredibly highly traveled thoroughfare for cars and semi-trucks. REPAVE THE STREET!
Driveway entry at Salomon Communy Center
Some potholes are patched but many ors are not
W/B ON MID OF RD.
As near as I can tell, San Pasqual Rd. and Old Milky Way are both in  cy  San Diego.  These roads are heavily traveled and are desperately in need  repair.  Old Milky Way, in particular, has a dangerous quanty  deep potholes that can only be avoided by driving wh your right wheels nearly f  road or by swerving into  oncoming lane.  This is true in both directions, and from San Pasqual Rd. to CA-78.
Scripps Poway Parkway between Cypress Canyon and Angelique has been in disrepair for more than  12 years I have lived in  area. I drive  daily and  only repairs done during that time have been filling  many potholes. Segments  Scripps Poway Parkway have been resurfaced from I-15 to Cypress Canyon. Also,  Cy  Poway has done a fantastic job  resurfacing east   cy boundary.  is time to fix  segment  PROPERLY, and not just fill some potholes. This is a heavily traveled route and  only continues to get worse.
Traveling west on Camino del Norte--in left lane at Bernado Center dr.  There is a raised ridge  asphalt at  intersection (west end)
32nd St. between Landis and Dwight needs to be repaved.  All  street adjacent have been paved, except  one.  We really appreciate !!
Pothole in  westbound #2 lane in  2700 block  Grand Ave.
Huge pothole! Right lane going south close to  arco!
Pothole in  gutter where  asphalt roadway meets  concrete bus pad at  driveway entrance to 5575 La Jolla Blvd.
Pothole in #2 lane  southbound Fairmount Ave., 150 feet north  Meade.
By  entrance  parking area by gate re is a hole and is exposing  underground water pipes, you can really see m that y are expose, cars go In and out all day.  is second request, we dont want to do anything because s on  sidewalk, that belongs to  cy. Can you please let me know before  gets worst and n  will be become a emergency.
Pothole
Large pot hole in  cy o lot behind  Balboa Naval Hospal , lot belongs to cy need to access through  hosp.
Bad pot holes throughout.
In  intersection  Carmel Creek and Carmel Country Road
In  bike lane  west bound Linda Vista Rd. There is a sunken manhole cover that is partially filled over wh asphalt. The depth and sharp edge  very much a hazard for cyclists, since y are going downhill and may not have time to avoid .  could be a claim against  Cy waing to happen.
The entire length   4700 block  Mansfield Street, 92116, needs to be repaved. Potholes and cracks everywhere.
Did not finish leveling  streets after ADA ramps were installed last week
The asphalt at  intersection  22nd and F Streets, particularly on  norast side, is full  potholes.  This is extremely dangerous, especially for people on bicycles.  The only choice for cyclists is to navigate around  and into  path  traffic, or run  risk  being launched f ir bikes.  In fact,  happened to a woman in July when  issue was first reported.  In response to her spill, re were police and paramedics dispatched;  has to have cost a lot  money.  Despe  having been reported, re still has been no change in nearly 3 months.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole


















Deep pothole
On north side  ramp to La Jolla parkway
Loose & bent metal cover for underground vault in alley  Very loud noise when car goes over cover

Road needs to be repaved!!! Cars swerve to miss  potholes which creates unsafe condions for or drivers and pedestrians!
 intersection  Beyer Blvd
Pothole
The north block  4352 Swift Ave & El Cajon has multiple problems. The street has tons  potholes, both sidewalks need to be completely replaced, and we would really appreciate adding lights to  block to alleviate crime. Thank you.
This road is horrible. Cracks. Potholes everywhere. Wearing out tires for all that live in  neighborhood.
Scripps Poway parkway from I15 to cy  Poway lims are horrendous to drive on. My alignment on my car keeps getting  track
Alley between Jewell and Shasta has potholes and cracks in pavement throughout
 least two especially wide and moderately deep potholes in center lane heading east on Poway rd. on    Actually knocked f one  my hubcaps.
Del Diablo Way in Rancho Penasquos has had an ongoing issue wh potholes for years. In our 11 years living here,  road has been patched a half dozen times and each patch eventually breaks down. There are at least 7 spots where  road is crumbling on  half mile stretch. I walk my kids to school on  road, as do many ors, and when cars race by and h se loose spots,  fragments  roadway become projectiles. We have not been h yet, but 's a frightening experience every day. Many or streets have been resurfaced in  neighborhood, but not ours and  is desperately in need  permanent repair.
dangerous pothole   people swerving to miss 
Rough asphalt and potholes in both directions  travel at  location on Miramar RD
Up and down street

Asphalt is creating a hole in front   buildings main entrance to  driveway.
making a left turn onto Carroll way going south and h 2 big potholes that were so big and out  nowhere my 20 in rims bent . i do not have money to just replace stuff like  especially having children i worked hard to pay for se over $2000 brand new and now i have to ride wh a bounce when i drive because  dent is tremendous . luckily  didn't crack or completely break .
making a left turn onto Carroll way going south and h 2 big potholes that were so big and out  nowhere my 20 in rims bent . i do not have money to just replace stuff like  especially having children i worked hard to pay for se over $2000 brand new and now i have to ride wh a bounce when i drive because  dent is tremendous . luckily  didn't crack or completely break .
making a left turn onto Carroll way going south and h 2 big potholes that were so big and out  nowhere my 20 in rims bent . i do not have money to just replace stuff like  especially having children i worked hard to pay for se over $2000 brand new and now i have to ride wh a bounce when i drive because  dent is tremendous . luckily  didn't crack or completely break .
SEVERAL POTHOLES, REPAIR OR RESURFACE
Near  location, in southbound LJ Shores Dr., new pothole in previously patched section  pavement
Near  location, in northbound LJ Shores Dr., new pothole in previously patched section  pavement.
Near  location, and near centerline  roadway, new pothole in previously-patched section  pavement.
This hole is 6 inches deep. Looks like  concrete had broken away around a manhole.
Pothole in  middle   street, in  intersection wh Tree Haven Ct.
Potholes all over  street. I will contact  turco files if  street does not get fixed.
Damaged handhole / meter lid
lots  shallow potholes. starts at  intersection  santa arminta and calle dario. goes down about a 1/4   street.
Crews left asphalt in  condion in front  my driveway despe my asking  cruise on Wednesday and Thursday to please note  condion y left  work in.
Cul-de-sac receives high amounts  traffic for sight seers and large pot holes have formed in cul-de-sac  along wh asphalt deteriorating to dirt.
 least two very large and deep potholes still exists at  Mira Mesa Blvd @ Camino Ruiz intersection. 's causing motorists to try to avoid m, which could result in some very serious accident. Like seriously.
Tree root is uprooting street concrete, creating safety hazards for bicyclists and motor vehicles.
LOTS OF POTHOLES
pothole
Missing stormwater grates
There's a weird section wh large significant dip wh cracks at edges in far right lane that I haven't noticed before. The 5N approaching Genessee ex. Just a big pothole or starting sinkhole?
asphalt repair needed, lots   bumps and openings on 54th  from Pirotte  to Biloxi  from last repairs, need a major asphalt repair!

During our weekly Hillcrest Clean, Green, & Safe Walkabout, staff observed that  north side intersection  Universy at Vermont has significant potholes that are developing wh each rainfall. This Are has been added to our watch list.
Rancho Carmel Dr is in dire need  repair, 's  original construction from 1992 and is so riddled wh pot holes 's terrible to drive. THIS ROAD NEEDS FIXING ASAP!

Big pot hole  10 inches deep by 20 inch wide u can?t miss  ?s in  middle   street. ?s on Beverly st and Lenox
West bound #1 lane
Pothole on southbound Aldine under  fairmont overpass
pothole in asphault right outside   driveway
Pothole
There are a few potholes in  westbound right lane about 100 yards west   intersection  Camino Del Norte and Paseo Montanoso.
Bad pothole damaging my vehicle.
Pothole on  street
In middle lane, very deep.
Pothole forming again... a b deep to flatten a tire.
potholes many
Pothole does not begin to describe  hugeness  se few holes
Potholes in  intersection
Badly damaged intersection.  20 year problem.
Badly damaged asphalt for blocks

Street: 4352 Swift Ave      Closest Cross Street: north Swift & El Cajon Blvd      Request: (Limed to 2000 characters): The north block  4352      Swift Ave & El Cajon has multiple problems. The street has tons       potholes, both sidewalks have graffi and need to be      completely replaced, and we would really appreciate adding lights      to  block to alleviate crime. Thank you.
Thanks for  great slurry seal job on Polland and Cabrillo Mesa. Contractor left  smooth. Hope to see some effort on Greyling Drive soon.
Potholes along  street north/ south on 46th street home avenue and olive. Street need new repaving.
Badly damaged asphalt, raised up more than 10 inches causing cars to slow to a stop to get over  hump.
Numerous large potholes for about a mile on  street.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes for blocks on WB Midway.
Two potholes: one in left lane near median, one in right lane near orange sign
Deep pothole at turn into parking lot  UTC
large pothole behind  firehouse at La Jolla parkway and Torrey Pines road
i asked for  pothole to be filled at  stop sign, which you did... but  is forming again.  maybe a potential sink hole formation
Pothole on twin trails dr
Uneven road - a hazard to tires and causing alignment damage to my car.
Uneven pavement - really  poor road condion - safety hazard
Uneven pavement needs repair
Pothole slightly west  center on Van Dyke Avenue, near 4520 Van Dyke Ave., 92116
Pothole in street.
CM Blvd & Overland ave. SE corner  curb area near Bus Stop
Linda Vista Rd NE corner &  WB Mesa College Rd X
Intersection EB  CM Blvd & SB  Convoy St Pothole
2 inch deep pothole at  intersection  College Avenue and Montezuma Road in front   Arco station
WB CM Blvd, Left turn lane, near Mercury St
EB C Mesa Blvd & Kearny Villa rd intersection
WB  Clr Mesa Blvd Middle lane In area  Mossy Nissan
Pothole
The road from Provenical (near Oggy?s plaza) to Carmel Mountain Road needs immediate repair. Potholes everywhere - road is in shambles! Collisions, near accidents, dented rims, flat tires!!! Fix  stretch  road ASAP!!!
The water control valve cover is sinking  Approximately 4"-6" beliow  surface   street. Cars keep running over  valve cover and may break  pipe. In front  Clairemont Covenent Church.
cracks, holes, uneven surfaces...WHEN will  get fixed?
 street is falling apart. cracks, holes, and more....WHEN will  ever get fixed?
The street from PROVENICAL all  way to CARMEL MOUNTAIN ROAD needs to be repaved immediately.  The street self is ltered wh potholes!!! Very dangerous to drive on that road because traffic dodges m!! I have never seen such a neglected stretch  street and 's extremely dangerous!!!! Tax dollars need to be spent to repair m and if re's an accident as a result  my car hting one, I will sue!

Several potholes at  spot.
Street cover separatein g from asphalt causing major air  cars
A pothole approaching two-feet in diameter has opened up in  middle   intersection  Blue Lake Dr and Lake Lomond Dr. Large chunks  asphalt are sent flying as cars pass by making  hole bigger. The chunks  asphalt are n h by passing cars again and sent in all directions.
dear-sirs ... temporary-repairs in  public-street cement-pavement at  sourn-end   no-outlet ?bear-drive san-diego ca-92103? where  turns into  cul-de-sac dead-end ?west-walnut-avenue san-diego ca-92103? are now visible breaking-up leaving big-cracks and large-divots in addion to filling  area wh dust and dirt ?thank-you for your prompt-attention to  concerning-matter ...
Hello, our street wheelchair ramps ITO/HENSON, 92114, recently were torn up to place yellow metal plates on  ramps.  The street next to that specific sidewalk was badly patched wh black rocky dirt and left wh large cracks.  I am 68 years old and almost tripped walking to  mailbox across  street.  I told a worker wh  company who was doing  job about  issue and he said he would take care  , putting a safety cone next to .  Now  cone is gone and that section   street is still not repaired.I need to know who is responsible for .  I appreciate your assistance.  Thank you.
The refill from  work being done on  water system is deepening creating que a pothole in  street.  Travelling both directions are affected.  The only smooth way to get over  is to drive in  median or on  far right  street (but re are usually parked cars).
Pothole in front  school
Pothole in front  Star  India
Alley is riddled wh pot holes causing vehicle damage.
A couple  growing pot holes behind  Cotijas restaurant (  alley) on 3066 Clairemont Drive San Diego 92117..  clients for  law fice and  counseling fice Park ir cars and use  alley and have complained multiple times now
Pothole
The Pothole is actually located on  side street, Willie James Jones, next to 5002 Solol Avenue.
This has been reported before, and eventually fixed, but y hardly put enough black stuff in re to cover  hole and  was right back to where  was very soon after. Now  is back again.... is right by  fire station
This is my 3rd request in  last 2 months. I keep getting a message saying  request has been closed but nothing has been done. This is on  edge  a steep hill wh concrete surface. This particular hole/crack is on  edge  asphalt and concrete. This needs to be repaired in CONCRETE not patched up in asphalt which breaks up as soon as  rains. Please fix .
Pothole
This is  3rd time I have request  repair. Someone put a couple  shovelfuls  asphalt into  large depression that did very ltle to fix . Is asphalt being rationed? Why go to  trouble  coming out if  hole is not fixed? This is a steep hill that has a concrete surface and needs to be repaired in CONCRETE because asphalt breaks up as soon as  rains. This is a heavy trafficked area. Please repair .
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
TWO POTHOLES BEHIND THE FIRE STATION
Large pot hole
Pot hole in front  house.
REMOVE SIDEWALK GRAFFITI AT CORNER
LARGE POTHOLE BEFORE 5565 SOLEDAD MTN
Deep pothole cracking into a large and dangerous pothole
Morena blvd north.  pothole near  Balboa/ Garnet f ramp
Very wide pothole in middle  street
Pothole a few inches deep in dip portion   right lane  Westbrook approaching Manzana Way.
Heading east
vehicles having to avoid pothole near stop sign
Several large potholes running along  north side  Mound Ave in Allied Gardens. Any help is appreciated. Thank you.
28th street Ex f 94W & entrance to 94E from 28th Street
1 foot long, 3 inches deep pot hole at  intersection  Blue Lake Ave and Lake Lomond.
Frazee Road Northbound. Right Lane after Crossing Friars.

The pavement around  train tracks is very warped. People drive on  wrong side   road to avoid  bumps. I have reported  several times over several years - please take  seriously!
Pothole at  end   entrance ramp right before we get on La Jolla Parkway
Pothole
Multiple potholes and poor road condions under  94 on 28th Street.
Deep pothole

Pothole
Pothole
Lots  potholes on street.  Looks like a sink hole might be forming in front  house.
Pothole
TWO POTHOLESRECENT PATCH HAS COME APARTSPANS AN AREA FROM ADDRESS TO INTERSECTION OF 28TH & ISLAND
Damage street road in front  2336 Montcliff causing drivers avoiding  p holes and cracks but almost hting cars park in  street.
Pothole, wh opening. Can see into opening approx 12 inches. In front  4752 51st St toward norr end  property line. On public street, about 2.5 feet from curb.
S/B 5400-5735 FAIRMOUNT POTHOLES  UNDER FWY
Lots  potholes at corner  Brant St and Kalmia St
Our street has a huge pothole that cuts along  whole width  our street and every time we drive past  to get to our residence  does damage to our car tires.  is very deep and needs to be fixed as soon as possible. I have no current pictures on me right now, but I need to see something is done about .
There is a huge pothole that's been here for two to three years. 's just getting bigger and bigger. I can say how big  is or how deep  is.  I just work at  hospal and I know  gonna cause some problems for  all  car that come threw on a daly . I can only show you  pictures.  is at  main entrance   hospal on  street.
There is a huge pothole that's been here for two to three years. 's just getting bigger and bigger. I can say how big  is or how deep  is.  I just work at  hospal and I know  gonna cause some problems for  all  car that come threw on a daly . I can only show you  pictures.  is at  main entrance   hospal on  street.
Pothole
There is a huge pothole that's been here for two to three years. 's just getting bigger and bigger. I can say how big  is or how deep  is.  I just work at  hospal and I know  gonna cause some problems for  all  car that come threw on a daly . I can only show you  pictures.  is at  main entrance   hospal on  street.
Possible water leak coming from under street.  The street is constantly wet on Division Street corner  Bryanview Circle.  No pothole yet, but water coming from crack on  street.
s a pothole. A nasty one. That should be enough to go on.
Big pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Barnard Street from Bob Street is in a state  shambles, undoubtedly in large part due to  construction equipment used to construct  many apartment complexes accessed by  street. There has been some recent asphalt concrete placement, no doubt cold mix, to fill  numerous potholes. This street is in extremely bad shape and is very detrimental to vehicle suspension systems. A complete rehab is essential in  case, including recommended asphalt grinding followed by 0.3' to 0.4' AC overlay. Continued filling  potholes is not going to cut . Please advise as to  planning for  rehab  Barnard Street.
Deep pothole in Lombard & Nobel intersection.   is located on north side (mall side)  intersection .  Hard to avoid when you are turning on to Lombard
This pot hole I reported several times and you keep closing  case and  has never been fixed... re side   street got resurfaced but  east bound side still needs  pot holes repaired!!! 's been going on almost a year and hasn't been fixed. Do something already
A series  huge potholes damaged 2  my tires
Bad pothole in right side  right lane
Multiple Pothole where Camino Ruiz meets Zapata at concrete
Potholes
Series  enlarging potholes in construction zone.
The ENTIRE street needs repair. 's riddled wh pot holes and tree roots
Tire-buster pothole wh sharp edges on heavily traveled easterly route
For years  stretch  gold coast drive (8300 to 9300 gold coast) is so full  potholes that 's almost not derivable.  I've been reporting that  desperately needs resurfacing for years. We left messages wh  cy & Chris Cate. The road is so bumpy from so many potholes being filled that cars dodge every which way to avoid m creating an unsafe condion.
Original ticket 00227447 submted 8/25/17 was ignored and closed whout completing  repairs. pothole in  west bound lane  Federal Blvd, between  I-805 overpass and  San Diego Police Canine Kennel
Large chunks   street material in  middle   intersection  Wandermere Ave and Belle Glade Dr .    Several cars damaged paint due to debris.
The entire street area between Hyde Park and Navajo, especially oppose  car repair shop, is extremely chewed up wh numerous holes.( I think  is  east side  Park Ridge.)  Local cars swerve to avoid  area, especially just before  intersection  There have been several fender benders and accidents.
The street is sinking and re are major dips in  road. Looks like  beginnings  a major sink hole. Worried about children and  street/walking traffic.  Also, right in front   parking lot for teachers  sidewalk is caving in.
THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE INTERSECTION OF WOODMAN STEET AND ALSACIA STREET
Pothole in  street near address given
Street is getting worse
Car damaging pot in intersection at  entrance to utc
This whole section   street is full  potholes
Semi deep pothole in middle  road

Cracks on  road due to downstream erosion.
Newly painted cross walk at Cibola and Cabaret. Why would  cy spend  time and money paint new cross walks over pot holes and deteriorating streets. Poor job once again. Fix pot holes and huge cracks n paint new cross walks.
Huge ruts and uneven potholes


Uneven pavement and pothole
Uneven pavement and potholes
LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF ADDRESS
Clairemont MEsa Blvd is badly damaged, in both directions   road from 6393-6499 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111 to 9089 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92123.  The Blvd is considered unsafe, since  has missing pavement, broken pavement, deep and wide cracks that need to be patched.  Please patch  issues and resurface  Blvd in both directions.
Deep pothole near intersection wh 25th St
Big Divet dip in left turn lane
Dirt section  alley is in dire need  regrading/smoothing out. Very bumpy!
The pothole is in  intersection  located at  1500 block  Woodmen street and  cross street is  6900 block  Alsacia
huge pothole by stop sign that was fixed once earlier in  year but  was done poorly and is bigger than before
Potholes along South curb. The entire block needs to be resurfaced.
Three potholes next to each or on f ramp. Left lane.
Large pothole
Pothole



Has not been fixed. They got  ones next to  but missed  one ! !
59th street north from El Cajon Blvd is a disaster & needs resurfacing
Potholess, cracked gutter and driveway wh chunks missing.
Road is dangerously bumpy and causes damage to local residents' cars. Multiple uneven services, decaying road finish, and potholes are forming. The area is very small and is in an untouched area that was not redone like  rest  Frank Daniels Street in 2013.

Pothole
Pothole
Westbound Friars Rd. Just past  14'11" sign and before  'BUMP' sign. In  center   lane.
Paving   alley behind  property. Currently,  alley is filled wh potholes and difficult to drive through.
Up and down whole street . Can't put or pics on  app.
Pothole
Pothole
You reported  fixed?  Still here!I marked  for youN/W corner Avati at HuerfanoThanks
Big famous pothole - people are stopping on  La Jolla Parkway to take pictures   famous POTHOLE - 's grown to size  a seal since  was last reported  two weeks ago!
Deep pothole in center lane
Numerous potholes on east side  street
2potholes in EB lane  Nautilus
All  Clairemont Dr south  Balboa Av. looks like a mine field.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE 1/4 MI NORTH OF THE INTERSECTION NORTH BOUND LANE.
Pavement is torn up and is bad enough to cause someone to roll an ankle.
There a 3 large damaged patches  asphalt at  location wh rough asphalt and potholes.  The last patches  teaspoon amounts  asphalt lasted a few days before more holes opened up.  This area has been in bad shape 20 years.  Please make lasting repairs.  This area is very dark in  early morning and  very difficult to see where se potholes are.  Cars are coming to almost compete stops to drive around se damaged area.
SINK HOLE NEAR HYDRANT & BROKEN CURB, CORNER.
Pothole is in  right hand lane on  right hand side, just as you ascend  road to ex La Jolla. caused a flat tire for me and four or vehicles that I'm aware .Currently,  adjacent to a "road work" ahead sign.

The entire street  W. Mountain View Drive is degraded.  's embarrassing.Been waing for years to have fixed.  Rock and Roll Marathon is run by thousandsdown our street. We have given medical aid to those who tripped on irregularies onW. Mountain View Drive.  Disgraceful.Happy to see that Kensington is almost completely resurfaced??  Not.  What does  take to get West Mountain View repaired and RESURFACED???
Street  potholes!!! The first block before light at Kenar

There is a drop-f from Home Avenue onto 45th Street .  ONLY HALF  45th Street (f  Home Avenue) is paved, yet y will ticket you if you are parked wrong, but who knows where one side   street ends.  They have been paving Home Avenue for  last 4 days, y should have completed  small area  45th Street while y were at .  What do we have to do to get  drop-f repaired and  whole street paved????
There is a drop-f from Home Avenue onto 45th Street .  ONLY HALF  45th Street (f  Home Avenue) is paved, yet y will ticket you if you are parked wrong, but who knows where one side   street ends.  They have been paving Home Avenue for  last 4 days, y should have completed  small area  45th Street while y were at .  What do we have to do to get  drop-f repaired and  whole street paved????  SEE REPORT # 00248511 (don't know why  say Problem Locations is on sixth avenue.  Problem Location is at 2494 and 2486 45th Street, San Diego, CA 92105
cracks and potholes on street
 light going south on Texas St  at Camino del Rio South. Deep pothole. My SUV bottomed out and I hydroplaned coming out  hole. I have no pic but  se won't let me continue whout one
Surrounding cracks and big cement loose from closed Sewer lid on  road
Southwest corner Amherst at Harbinson
In  "middle" lane   52 East bound ex to Regents Road - right at  car stop for  light (to go straight or to make a left turn)
Pothole on La Jolla Parkway right across 2587 ardath Road I damaged my Mercedes E350 Blew  tire ruined  rim and my alignment. This happened at 6:20 a.m. Friday morning October 20th 2017
Current Street repair in  neighborhood.  Last time, 4-5 years ago,  Landis between Pershing Ave and 28th Street was somehow missed.  The street is, and has been a mess for years:  potholes,m ridges, gullies, cracked pavement, etc.  Can we get  done  time around?  The machinery and crews are in  neighborhood (I have seen m.)  Many thanks.  Hopefully yours,  Michael Niederman
My inial request  number 00246 644 has been closed however minor work has been done but  two major potholes behind 3066 Clairemont Drive in  alley by  sales car parked are not filled I will include  time pictures  those potholes y are getting bigger and y have not been taken care  in  previous request which unfortunately has been closed so I am reopening  please
On Boulder Lake between Navajo and Cowles Mtn are lots  potholes
There are cracks in  street and potholes we have hi traffic on  street mostly from your trucks always checking on wast water management and 's getting bad day by day.s William faulkner for Sandra Steveson  home owner
Poor patch up jobs have resulted in several potholes over potholes forming an extremely unleveled street
This is my second report and   hole is still re, is in  sidewalk outside  our gated entrance   apartments on 33rd st corner & Imperial Ave. s  very dangerous you could see  water pipes  hole is exposing water pipes, s  entrance   parking lot , so res alot  cars coming in and out, and s getting worst. From my understanding  sidewalk belongs to  cy. Can you please respond to my request.  gaby@margroup.com
Several potholes between Fairfield and Burgener eastbound.
Small but very deep pothole in  center  intersection. Eastbound traffic and south to eastbound turning traffic h .
in  middle   street, re is a pothole that is "erupting."  is right in  middle and re are chunks   road that are scattered across lanes in both directions.  keeps getting bigger.
Major street damage on  west bound lane on Howard Ave.
LARGE pot hole. East bound lane just before  railing. There is an orange 'construction zone ahead sign very close to where  hole is.
There are 3-4 below grade ( by 2-3") manhole covers that are right in  lane where ones left front tires h between 2300 and 2500 Shelter Island Dr.  Not a pothole but jarring noneless. We've finally learned to avoid m by hugging  right side   street.
Pothole wh severe road damage, uneven pavement and debris in road.  W-Bound lane.
dust and dirt from broken-pavement san-diego ca-92103dear-sirs ...  summer-2017 temporary-repairs in  public-street cement-pavement at  sourn-end   narrow-lane no-outlet ?bear-drive san-diego ca-92103? where  turns into  cul-de-sac dead-end ?west-walnut-avenue san-diego ca-92103? are now -- autumn-2017 -- visibly breaking-up leaving big-cracks and large-divots -- in addion to filling  whole-area wh noxious road-dirt and nefarious cement-dust ? thank-you for-your prompt-attention to- concerning-matter ...
There is a VERY deep pothole (4" or so) at Nobel Dr & Lombard Pl. Any cars turning left from Nobel onto Lombard towards  UTC mall are subject to hting  wh  car's wheels turned.
POTHOLE
Reported  once and was sent an email that  was closed. Obviously  was not repaired so why was  closed out? This issue is common at many driveway and intermtently throughout  Hummingbird Nightingale western loop. In some cases se holes are several inches deep.
Large pothole wh grass growing out  .or neibours have tried filling  n wh gravel but 's still getting worst.
Large pothole wh grass growing out  .or neibours have tried filling  n wh gravel but 's still getting worst.
There is 2 potholes going east on clairemont drive.  Between fairfield and burgener blvd.
Pothole at  intersection  southbound Linda Vista Rd. and Wheatley Street.
Pothole right out in front   House
Deep hole. Hard to see. When I h   felt like I h a curb going 20 mph.
00243664 was closed whout being resolved.  Big hump in pedestrian walkway lines center  Park Blvd @ Lincoln.
pothole--ever increasing/cars going into  enter  st to avoid
The westbound curb lane  Clairemont Mesa Boulevard from Ruffin Road to Kearny Villa Road is in horrible condion.  The ride on  235 bus is bone-jarring.
Pothole on onramp to 54 west
Road is very bad shape on both sides  Poway road from I-15 ex all  way to  border  Poway cy.
Several potholes on  street, especially in front  listed address.

Deep pothole on on-ramp to 5
Pothole in EB lane
On October 1st,  Cy repaired a water main break in  intersection  Ecochee and Morgan Ave. Cy crews backfilled  hole wh cold mix AC that is terrible! In  past 3 weeks,  hole has gotten so rough that cars drive around  into  or lane  traffic, reby creating a safety hazard. The pavement needs to be properly filled and hot mix AC installed before someone gets hurt or  cy receives a claim for damages to someone?s car.
Cy crews left anor deep rut in  middle   intersection yesterday.
Deep rut in  road.  This intersection is badly damaged.
Long, narrow potholes in front  my house causing gravel debris to go into my driveway and yard. Please repair soon. I am afraid I will have damage to my vehicles parked in my driveway. This is a very busy road.
Pothole
Large pothole in middle  street,  has been here for a month and poses a significant safety hazard.  Please fix immediately.
Boulder Lake Boulevard between Navajo Road and Cowles Mountain Boulevard has been in a state  disrepair for several years.  is riddled wh potholes so severely that drivers hug  curb in order to avoid damage to ir vehicles. Every street in  nearby viciny has been resurfaced whin  last three years except for Boulder Lake Boulevard. I along wh every neighbor I know in  area are completely dumbfounded that  street remains in such a deplorable state despe hundreds  complaints filed wh  cy.
Universy avenue between Hillcrest and North Park is in awful shape, riddled wh potholes.
Pothole in middle lane going away from 15

This busy street is still in disrepair.  There are strips  asphalt missing and  whole section, from Clairemont Dr. to  163 needs to be resurfaced.
Potholes and cracks in intersection
pothole TEST do not process
Test Pothole - do not process
Multiple potholes at  intersection  Santiago Rd E and Meandro Dr.  The potholes are recurring and are primarily taking place at  threshold between  asphalt street on Santiago Rd E and  concrete gutter section for stormwater to cross  street.
Pot hole at  entrance f  Nobel and Lombard Place. Westfield Mall.
Huge parole
LARGE POTHOLE IN ALLEY  6" DEEP
Potholes
Potholes
POTHOLE IN THE MIDDLE OF INTERSECTION
Potholes on Fairmount Ave, can be felt when driving north. More potholes like  along northbound lane. A fissure is also expanding from last street repaving joint.

Damaged street causing problems to motorist
POTHOLE
pothole in intersection  woodman and alsacia st
Potholes in  #1 lane at 1691 Hancock St.
Pothole in  northbound #2 lane in  5600 block  Fairmount Ave.
Street is covered in terrible potholes
Potholes in  westbound #2 lane in  2600 block  North Harbor Drive.
Several large potholes in north bound lane
Center  road was paved.  Now  and  entire street length has potholes needing to be repaired
Pothole
Recently paved street starting several new potholes in north bound lane on Milton. Best to address before y become worse
While working on our street  cy employees caused a Crater to form which is getting worse and damaging passing cars
Pothole in front  3660 has gotten larger over  last 7-10 days
Asphalt ridge / bump in roadway at train track
There's a big bump near  crosswalk going north  on Beyer Way & Palm ave.  needs to be flattened.
Clients are tripping in potholes
Potholes along  intersection  La Jolla Village Dr and Villa La Jolla Dr
POTHOLES ARE IN PARKING LOT TO THE RIGHT OF THE BUILDING (1001 GENTER ST).. THERE ARE A FEW THROUGHOUT THE LOT. Apparently you now know where  pothole is. Can you please fix  as soon as possible!!!!  I reported  weeks ago and you couldn't find !!!
Pothole in  east bound lane  Clairemont Dr.
Pothole in  eastbound lane  Clairemont Dr.
Pothole in  westbound lane  Clairemont Drive about halfway between Erie Street and Galveston Street
Westbound fast lane in crosswalk at Paseo Montanoso
7  potholes
There are a number  potholes on  street, in both directions. This street has been marked for large patching for several weeks/months, but no action. Please repair  street!
Multiple pot holes on  I-5 North on ramp. This need to be completely repaved. Every year  same pot holes re-emerge from  prior fill job. Please advise. These are huge pot holes.
Rancho Carmel Drive from Ted Williams Parkway to Carmel Mountain Road is in terrible shape and needs resurfacing
POTHOLES
ALLEY NEEDS TO BE GRADED  LOTS OF POTHOLES
Bad potholes

Pot holes riddle  street .
Pothole
Pothole on Greyling at Gowdy
Eastbound marlesta about 100 yards in from genessee.  I drove into  once and my filling fell out  my tooth.
The section  Maturin Dr between Turtleback Rd and Silver Buckle Way is breaking up, especially  westbound lane.  I have placed chunks  asphalt that bounced out back into  holes.  You can lerally pick up pieces   street.
Two major potholes now exist on Clairemont Dr., East bound just west Of  burgerner
Road is all torn up
Bad pot hole wh chunks  asphalt and continuing to grow. Corner  Fortuna & Morrell in Pacific Beach. Dangerous.
Dip on 4th just f northbound I5 freeway ex in  intersection  4th/Date.
Good sized piece  pavement has multiple deep potholes whin a single strip in  center   very busy intersection.
Pothole
Pothole on sidewalk
 entire street  fairmont ave is covered in potholes and  street needs to be repaired
 street  fairmont has multiple holes.
Pothole
Pothole
DEEP POTHOLE WITH EXPANDING CRACKS REQUESTS PERMANENT REPAIR
Pothole
Asphalt crumbling in middle  street
Pothole at tracks in middle lane
Two potholes in Mariposa Pl corner Greycourt Place.
large pothole in bike lane north  dennery on palm
several potholes on bancrt between collier and adams
Pothole on Van Dyke Ave where Van Dyke intersects wh Adams Ave.
A major pothole has been created by  MTS busses that have been re-routes to  area.  Hillcrest Business Association staff has been observing  road sinking along  left southbound lane  Normal Street.  Anor area just south   pothole is also sinking.  This pothole is roughly five feet by four west wide.  The second pothole that is developing is roughly eight feet by six feet. This pot hole developed in  same manner that  larger pot hole is developing.
The street is slowly sinking and major pothole is being created by  MTS busses that have been re-routed to  area.  Hillcrest Business Association staff has been observing  road sinking along  left southbound lane  Normal Street.  Anor area just north    area is also sinking and has developed into a large pothole which has also been reported.  This pothole that is developing is roughly eight feet by six feet. This pot hole developed in  same manner that  larger pot hole is developing.
Potholes exing Fairmont on  way to Talmadge and Kensington
Dangerous trip hazard customers and employees tripping over damaged area
Large pot hole.
Large potholes present.
EB lane
Two potholes next to each or.
Left Lane  Northbound Rosecrans
The pothole can be seen at two location close from each or. Please note that  picture was taken more than a year ago (May 2016) on Google Maps and  condions are MUCH worse now. The problem is that  potholes are right at  left turn from Carmel Mountain Road into Via Rimini and re is no way to avoid m. The condions   segment   Carmel Mountain is not good at all.Please copy and paste  GPS Coord below in Google to get  direct address:32.966623, -117.099338
There are several large pot holes on  street s been reported several times y have caused damage to peoples tires and rims you guys always fill m wh gravel  whole section  asphalt needs re paved
From 3835 Convoy all  way to Stalmer Street,  is rough and lots  potholes to doge around
The entire street is full  potholes. 's in bad shape.
Needs paving.
Street full wh potholes
Pothole needs fixing.
Potholes all over  street. Needs paving
Several potholes on street. Needs repair.
many potholes and deep asphalt cracks and holes for hundreds  feet!
Not just potholes.  Overall condion  San Pascual after  golf course all  way to 78 and Old Milky Way all  .  Becoming a danger wh road condion.  Heavily traveled road, Safari Park and Ramona, Julian traffic.
center  street pothole
Almost wiped out riding my bike. Thanks in advance.
Pothole at end  street
SEVERAL POTHOLES
Un-even rode  bumpy right where stop sign painted area is coming up hill from Black Mountain Road
Large chunks   asphalt are broken up, and road is concave. There is also a water main under that part   street
Pothole in front  my driveway
As you can see  was not repaired but  one 5 ft away was!?

C street from about 28th street to 33rd street is in very poor condion.  Lots  bumps and potholes makes for a very bumpy ride.  The stree is in unacceptable condion.
AGAIN!!! one 3 ft away was repaired but  one was not!?!?


Pothole, far left lane before crosswalk if heading towards 5 north.
Pothole wh broken Pavement in gutter.
Large pothole/dip in two left, northbound lanes  First street.  Just past intersection  Market St & First Ave (near Wells Fargo).
The south bound lanes  Rancho Carmel Drive on both lanes from Windcrest Lane to Ted Williams Parkway are ltered wh potholes
Pothole
Many potholes and grass growing in potholes between 3800-3700 block  Coleman Ave.
17416 and 17426 Francisco DriveAsphalt missing... broken areas ( 12 x 16 in)   in 2 to 3 places...
Previously patched pothole opening up again
REDO PATCH WORK RIGHT WHERE STREET MEETS THE DRIVEWAY.
POTHOLES
repair street whin crosswalk at north park wy and bancrt st
Pothole/ bad patch jobThere is a square patch wh a 2 inch lip all  way around  in  bike lane very unsafe-Almost cost me to crash
Small pothole 9" by 2' just West  Center  Mt Albertine Ave. across 4055 Mt. Albertine Ave. driveway. Growing in size from traffic, down from Lindbergh Elementary School.  This area is on a downward slope and has multiple cracks in asphalt and wh heavy traffic, both cars and trucks, opens new potholes, as fast as you can fill m.Should send Supervisor out to look at area and recommend  area be repaved, saving time and money for sending out crews to re-fill opening potholes.
The contractor building  new twin towers on Texas, between Polk and El Cajon Blvd., has lowered  elevation   street, left a water or sewer manhole cover stickin up a good 4-5 inches above street level.  He needs to bring  street back up to  level  was 1) So re's no bump going into that block and coming out  .  2) So  sewer or water cleanout is NOT up above street level.  Why  inspectors allowed  to happen is beyond anything I can figure out.  Contractors have already left messes all around No. Park and  needs to stop.
East bound lanes  Universy Ave., from Park Blvd. to approximately 29th. Street, is one continuous mess  contractors left and is full  not only pot holes , but a really lousy patch job.  I've had my tires aligned once so far because   irregular patch.  The street is like f roading and I'd guess 's a real liabily for bike and motorcycle riders.  Why did  inspectors allow  contractors to leave  street in  mess?  I would like to see  street smood out as  was before  digging and crude patch job.  Thank you.
MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON THIS STREET
One large, crumbling pothole and a few smaller ones
12 potholes on Arruza between Picador & Del Sol
Pothole in  middle  a very busy street. Kids use ir bikes here and  causes a lot  accidents.
Not pothole but  whole street repair and or resurfacing.  Our street Theodore Dr., was cleared  week wh signs posted on both sides, West and East, for "No Parking."   is now almost 3:00pm, Oct 27, 2017,  and no one has come or showed-up to do any work.  Yesterday was our garbage/trash and recyclable pickup schedule. We  residents minimized what to leave on  street because   signs or  likelihood  getting our street finally repaired.  Thank you.
POTHOLE AT ENTRANCE TO RANCHO BERNARDO TRANSIT STATION. BUSES CAN'T DRIVE OVER IT.
Multiple potholes on eastbound 56 between  Carmel Country ex and on ramp.
A big hole on west bound side
3 large rough patches  asphalt and 2 large potholes.
Large Bad patch job  2 inch lip all  way around.Almost caused me to crash. Very dangerous bumps in  bike path
Massive pothole at mission bay park.
Road is deteriorated wh cracking and potholes
Multiple potholes on Ingraham Street between  intersections  Garnett and Beryl Street north bound. Requesting crew to fix potholes/ repave Ingraham between Grand Ave and Beryl Street.
Multiple potholes on Ingraham Street between  intersections  Garnett and Beryl Street south bound. Requesting crew to fix potholes/ repave Ingraham between Grand Ave and Beryl Street.
Multiple potholes and large tracks/ sections  cracked pavement on Robinson Ave both Eastbound and West Bound.  Multiple stretches  uneven pavement from prior construction crews.  Requesting fix potholes on Robinson Ave by repaving between 10th Ave and Park Blvd.
Large Bad patch job  2 inch lip all  way around.Almost caused me to crash. Very dangerous bumps in  bike path
Several potholes and several sections  cracked pavement on Washington Street on both sides   street (particularly between Goldfinch and Eagle Street). Requesting to fix  street by repaving between Goldfinch and 1st Ave.
Pothole
Lots  cracks whin  pavement, along wh two large potholes underneath  overpass on W Washington Street between Hancock Street and San Diego Ave on both sides   street north and south bound.
Bunch  potholes on f ramp euclid st
Several potholes on  f ramp  along wh a large crack in  pavement on  ex ramp from  Pacific Hwy to West Washington Street.  Also terrible road and rough pavement near unused train tracks on W Washington Street on both sides especially near unused wood tracks  which  unused train tracks need to be removed and that section   road repaved.
There are many potholes in front  my driveway. I have tripped and fallen when taking out my trash. The wheels on  trash can get stuck in  potholes. I've tripped and hurt my right hand, scrapped to  bone. I was in  hospal, got a cast and couldn't go to work for 2 months. The recovery was extremely long and painful. PLEASE REPAIR THE ASFALT in front  my driveway. I'm afraid to take my trash out. THIS IS MY SECOND OR THIRD REQUEST.  Thank you.
There is a pothole right in  intersection  Denver and Ingulf Streerts and anor one just as you turn onto Ingulf from Denver in right lane.   seems that every time street work is done in that area, more potholes appear!  Thanks a lot.
pothole in center  lane as you go up hill on Clairemont Drive.There are more potholes whin that block as you go towards Burgener Blvd.
Pothole in center  lanes as you go South on Clairemont Dr.
Cul-de-sac and remainder  Carmel Ridge needs to be repaved and striped. Pothole on Camel Ridge around sewer entry.
Some holes were patched, but not  big one...northbound on Andorra Way, just past  curve.
Pot hole
Potholes
Potholes at cross gutter
Multiple pot holes, northbound side  Cadden Way
THIS AREA HAS BEEN LISTED OVER 10YEARS TO BE FIXED. IT IS MY UNDERSTANDING THAT THIS WILL BE DONE THIS YEAR. REPAVED. WHEN WILL IT BE DONE? I WAS TOLD LAST YEAR IT WOULD BE DONE LAST SUMMER. THIS YEAR THIS SUMMER. IT IS STILL NOT DONE. THIS AREA IS WHERE THERE IS A SCHOOL CONSTANT TRAFFIC LETTING THEIR KIDS OFF AND PICKUP IS BEING DONE. IT IS A SHORT CUT FOR THOSE OF US WHO LIVE EAST OF THIS AREA TO GET TO THE SHOPPING AREA. WHEN ????
There are 4 dangerously deep potholes full  water in  alley between Grim and 31st near Dwight. Two are s so deep y could break an axle now. Undriveable.  Please help!








I have an issue where I live  alley has a lot  potholes and I hate driving through m all  time re's a lot  cracks and I think  problem needs to be solved as soon as possible because 's getting worst.
I have an issue where I live  alley has a lot  potholes and I hate driving through m all  time re's a lot  cracks and I think  problem needs to be solved as soon as possible because 's getting worst.
re is a pothole at  trolley tracks
Middle   street and eastbound lanes, large pothole and asphalt is cracking.
Ebound Tierrasanta Blvd, JWO Santo Road - left turn lane, lane 1
Pothole just east  Merrimac
Numerous potholes, entrance to Conrad Ct
Going east on Montezuma Rd. Please Repair all  craters and potholes or cracks on both lanes   street. Crew needs to start looking from  Fairmount Ave ramp all  way to Collwood Blvd
Please advise Caltrans  a large pothole and associated pavement debris in WB SR78 in front   San Diego Archaeological Center, 16666 San Pasqual Valley Road.  Thanks.
on  south side  front and broadway in  crosswalk- crossing front- re is enough  a hole that I have tripped in  twice in  last week- given  foot traffic crossing front at broadway I think  is a lawsu waing to happen
Offramp sb 805 at home Ave is terrible.
large pothole as you ex alley onto universy av. alley between centre st and park bl
This street has been terrible for years and years. From Commercial  Street to Island Ave. 's full  potholes and cracks. Please fix . I have to use  to get to  freeway and would avoid  if I could.

Multiple potholes and very rough road surface all along Universy Ave in Hillcrest. This is unsafe for both motorists and cyclists
large potholes on 4800  hidalgo av
two large potholes

POTHOLES
The alley is Laden wh more potholes and patches n Road. 's  alley behind 365 Bonair Street
Pothole on  transion ramp from southbound Fairmount Ave to Aldine Dr.
Piece  concrete gutter is exposed in  non-standard width, dangerous bike lane exposing cyclists riding in or near  gutter to  risk  a crash. Please address  gutter danger and re-stripe  bike lane wider. Despe AASHTO standard allowing so, bike lane widths should never include  gutter. Gutter are intended for draining water, not for vehicular travel. Obviously se gutters aren?t usable when y?re draining water, y hold debris that can cause a flat tire, and plants grow up between  edge  cutter and edge  asphalt creating a hazard.
The alley between Highland Avenue and 45th Street, wh Landis to  north and Dwight to  south, has many potholes and  pavement is completely disintegrated in large areas.  This alley is used to access parking spaces and garages facing  alley, which is most   block.  Traffic from garbage trucks and parents temporarily parking in  alley to pick up ir children from Rosa Parks School also add to demolion   pavement.  I have lived here about 30 years and  alley has never been paved as I recall.  Please pave  alley.
THERE ARE LOT OF POTHOLES ON BISBY LANE AND NAVAJO LANE CROSS ROADS
I was driving home at 9:00 PM on 10/29/17 on  78 westbound right in front   San Diego Archaeological Center located at 16666 San Pasqual Valley Rd, Escondido, CA 92027, Uned States when rounding  corner I h a major pothole about 2 feet  wide causing my rim to bend significantly(beyond repair) and my tire to explode. I pulled over assessed  damage and had to request a tow home from AAA.
Several re-occurring potholes are now larger than ever. These get "patched" only to open up again in a month or so due to heavy traffic
Lots  holes in right lane past I-15
Pothole or asphalt indention in middle intersection  West Bound side
Eleanor drive Pocatello street  and bishop drive havet been paved since  1960 and  streets around are being paved again. Also on Pocatello  tuble weed scrape your car
The pavement in  middle   street is crumbling
4 POTHOLES
Still not fixed...deep pothole in front   residence.
Poway Rd. from 1-15 to Iola Way has horrible decay, many potholes, and lots  damage.
Potholes all  way to  County lim
Pothole across  street from 3595 altadena st


Multiple potholes across from sala del regno
Pothole across from 3144 Alta dena

West side  street in front  3535 altadena

Horrible road way that has not been paved correctly for years.  Please fix.
This intersection has been torn up for months. This weekend one   large metal plates was missing, exposing an indentation in  roadway. No street repairs can take  long. I'm sending you  e-mail instead  my councilman to see if  can be corrected quickly.
There is a hole in  center   street, on  yellow line. Can  be fixed before someone hs  wrong and looses control  ir car. Thank you
Grant Hill Park surfacing
PLEASE PATCH WHOLE INTERSECTION
Locared at corner  Pablo and Lomica is a pothole to be filled
2 depressed sewer/water caps, very deep, on left turn from Santo Rd southbound to Clairemont Mesa Bl eastbound
Fix se bumpy lanes once and for all. 's an eyesore and very hard to drive on heading south and  cross roads  El Cajon.
Street and Sidewalk at intersection  69th and Universy is damaged and creating a massive hole.
Don't know  address. I was going west on Clairemont Dr. on my bike (downhill and fast).  was just before Erie St. in  bike lane. Because  pothole is on a downhill street  is a danger to bicyclists. Good news, I missed .
Hi,  complaint below was received by Field Engineering, Cy  San Diego and  was investigated by myself Neda Bourojerdi: "Both side  Poway Road between  border  Poway to I-15 freeway needs a major asphalt paving. The road condion is really bad.  hurts my back driving on  road and cause a lot  damage to  cars."Please receive  pictures attached regarding Poway road asphalt condion both East and West side  interstate 15. The majory  damaged asphalt is starting from East  interstate 15, border  Cy  Poway to Paseo Montril Rd. West  interstate15. Lots  cracks, failed patches and small potholes up to 2 inch deep. Currently re is no project wh Field Engineering along Poway road.Thanks.
Left turn lane from westbound El Cajon Boulevard onto southbound Park Street has extreme pavement degradation and potholes
Pothole
There are a ton  small potholes on  road that need to be fixed   black top is cracking apart and  end   street
The intersection  Villa La Jolla Drive and La Jolla Village Drive is falling apart in  westbound La Jolla Shores Drive portion.  Addionallly re are about five or 10 potholes as you travel west on La Jolla Village Drive.  Please fix se many potholes and  intersection.   has been  way for months.  Also debris on shoulder  La Jolla Village Drive westbound as well.  This road carries so much traffic  needs attention-more than you give  anyway. Thanks
POTHOLE WITH WATER BEHIND ADDRESS IN ALLEY
Poway rd leading from  15 freeway to  cyline between san diego and poway rd.  The while stretch  raod is riddled wh potholes and damanged roadSabre springs parkway/carmel mtn rd is so horrible that i avoid  all toger.  s like driving an obstacle coarse
CLAIMS POTHOLES ON MIDWAY ALL THE WAY FROM SPORTS ARENA BL TO  BARRETT AND WANTS THIS FIXED
REPAVE MYRTLE
Hole in street needs lid.... is in street in Front  our condo subdivision. Right at  entry. Someone is going to step into  hole and get hurt.
Pot hole on La Palma .
Huge pothole that rocks your car when you're in  left-hand turning lane turning from Garnet Street onto Mission Bay Drive to head to  five north. Ridiculous how messed up  road is one 's one   busiest thorough fairs and all  PB!
s on  southbound lanes  Park just past  crosswalk at Essex.  I've almost crashed my bike twice on those holes.
Potholes multiple pot holes in  section   road
Alley way. Whined. Holding is nothing but broken concrete and potholes. Senior cizens living in  complex use  alley as a main passage to shops daily and  is not safe.
These two small "sinkholes" are in  left turn lane on Old Cliffs Rd. at  signal light where you would turn left to go West on Mission Gorge Rd. There is a "Seniors only" mobile Home park at  top   hill. The seniors have to come down  hill on Old Cliffs Rd and navigate two holes in  ground when entering  left turn lane for Mission Gorge Rd. One   two is approximately 18 - 24" long about a foot wide, and maybe 6" deep.  Hting that pothole could be enough to distract a senior driver as y approach a very busy Mission Gorge Rd.
The pavement on Scripps Ranch boulevard between affiny court and Mira Mesa boulevard is in terrible condion in both directions.  There are numerous potholes. The paving/resurfacing has been neglected in  section for years.
Lots  potholes and uneven street at corner  Corte Sabio and Paseo Lucido.
 Upas and  alley (between Herman Ave and 32nd St), re is a stretch that is rock and gravel. The gravel spills onto  street and is dangerous for pedestrians and cyclists riding by. In addion,  alley has a lot  potholes. Please pave 
Pretty much  entire street  Ingraham is is I'll repair and Uneven pavement. 's been under construction for two years wh pipes being removed and replaced yet  roads are ltered wh potholes and bumps making for an on safe drive and damage to one vehicle  is unacceptable
Pothole
Massive jumbled hole surrounded by cracked cement road surface, crumbled tarmac from previous pothole repair.  Extremely hard to drive over as covers at least half  width   alley road surface.
This metal utily cover has been broken and displaced. This is very hazardous please repair as soon as possible.
Going West down Clairemont Drive in single lane, right before you pass Erie Street re is large pothole in middle  lane
There are several large potholes on  side alley. The trash trucks travel through  alley daily and are making  worse. Please pave  and fill se holes. Thank you.


Potholes in  crosswalk on  south side   intersection  El Cajon Blvd and Florida St.
Pothole
There is a large number  potholes and debris in  alleyway on my walk to work everyday.  has caused me to stumble multiple times and isn't safe for passage
Potholes all over  street
not potholecenter  street at 2028 Soledad Ave, street electrical junction box has 3 metal covers, held by anti tamper 5 sided bolts. The center plate is loose, I can rock  back and forth by standing on . Auto and Trucks going across  plate make a lot  noise.Please fix, has always been a repeat problem since  electrical undergrounding was done, wastewater has tightened before, keeps coming loose. Can you really fix problem or forward request to SDG&E.ThksBarry R.Wolter(858) 254-9772
I twisted my ankle in  pothole today while walking.
I've reported W Point Loma before. They started digging up  road and now 's worse than ever. I lerally don't drive my car down that road because 's so damaging.
Pot hole right as you're turning on Cable St.
ALL   far right side  Sports Arena Blvd is absolutely terrible and damaging to vehicles
Terrible pothole on terrible street.
Que a few potholes and uneven pavement between de portola ms driveway and rec center driveway. They are in both eastbound lanes.
This pothole is hard to see in early mornings. (5am) I tried to avoid but  was too big  a hole and actually flattened my front left tire and broke my axel.
Several potholes in  right lane
POTHOLE. CONE PLACED OVER IT. NEAR CROSSWALK IN INTERSECTION
The Souast corner   Liberty Station ex (Truxton Road & Banett Ave.) looks like a pothole is forming.  The road has sunk several inches, and now re is a large bump in  road.   is particularly noticeable when a car turns right from Truxton Road onto Barnett Ave. heading east.  Just a heads-up that you should check  out before  becomes a major deal.  Thanks.
Multiple holes
POTHOLE
Around  address. I was biking yesterday and re was a giant pothole/sinkhole in  road, on  northbound traffic side, around  address.


Black top and asphalt meet (cy/school bus routes) over 6" deep
Screen shot  previous report.  was closed after pothole was covered. However  pothole is re-opening. West side  street at north end  property near curb on street. Thank you.
Hole
The asphalt is sinking and is creating a large pothole so when vehicles ex  driveway, y bottom out.

Very large pothole st least four feet in diameter. Has existed for at least three weeks.  is located at  end  Grove street. The cy has ticketed vehicles in  viciny so  is NOT private property.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes for almost a mile in  area.  From where  f ramp ends all  way to  intersection wh Universy.
Pothole
Pot hole
Raised cracks at intersection.
Multiple potholes from Felton st. all  way through  end  Gregory. They differ in size and are an extreme hazard, nearly causing vehicular accidents.  The parking here is also very congested making people double-park and save spots on  narrow street. I do not know if  is  right place to report that problem but was hoping  be addressed. Maybe painting markers on  pavement? Not only does  entire block smell like dog feces, Towards  end  Gregory st. re is a ton  dumping that may look like a fire hazard. The entire street should be looked into. I would really appreciate if a cy inspector came in and start regulating. ***TL;DR: Shty potholes, Parking sucks***
in  center  that intersection, many potholes,  especially as you're heading north on shawline  and turning west onto clairemont mesa blvd.
The pot hole was repaired but 's worse.
Asphalt in  middle   2 yellow lines (chucks  Asphalt has come apart) I removed  chucks from  street was all over jenner st. getting run over. Major holes and trip hazard. Please patch and thank you my Cell # 858-414-1039 Chief Eng at Hotel next door (Josie) thanks
Sinkhole!!
Looks like ring supporting man hole cover is damaged.  The man lid has sunk almost six inches   ?s on apple street closes cross street is San Miguel ave
sewer cover 2" below grade and tire puncturing metal piece sticking out   top   sewer cover!!!!
This pothole is right in  Bike lane on south bound Park approximately adjacent to  bus stop at  drum beat center in Balboa Park.  Very dangerous for bicycles traveling  road.  I have more pictures I can send upon request. Please patch before someone is hurt.
Numerous potholes on  street.
 evelyn st is well overdue for  street to be repaired. re are several potholes, gravel on  road and has not been maintained in  9 yrs i have been here. please have m repair our street.
The picture says  all
Also a rock in  hole/pothole
Pothole N//B right lane
ON CARMEL MTN (NORTH OF INTERSECTION) BROKEN LID, PLACED A CONE
Since re has been so much construction on Mission Gorge and Waring, more people have used  Barclay/Birchwood between Galewood and Zion in Allied Gardens, resulting in a lot  potholes.
Couldnt see in time and  almost ripped my wheel f. probably will need an alignment now.
1 1/2 ft pothole
ALL OF MCCAULAY ST. IS IN VERY BAD SHAPE AND NEED TAKEN DOWN TO THE DIRT AND REPAVED. BUT UNTIL YOU GET TO IT YOU MUST GO OUT AND FIX THE POT HOLE, EVERYONE'S LEFT FRONT TIRE SLAMS INTO. YOU PATCHED THE POT HOLE TO THE RIGHT BUT DIDN'T FIX THE ONE ON THE LEFT. ?
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A SINK WHOLE THAT IS HAZARDOUS  NORTH OF THE INTERSECTION ON MT ABERNATHY AV.
On collier from 54th st to Austin dr. Area has been neglected for years.
POTHOLES ON VIA CAPRI GOING TOWARDS MT SOLEDAD, CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE
BAD POTHOLES ON VIA CASA ALTA
The road has crack asphalt and holes that need to be repaired
POTHOLES IN FRONT OF PROPERTY NEED TO BE FILLED IN.
Road along  intersection  Mira Mesa Blvd and Scripps Ranch Blvd, as well as along Scripps Trail all need repair for numerous potholes.
POTHOLE
Lots  pot holes Street needs a lot  work
Pothole
The whole road has potholes from Poway Road to Carmel Mt Road--even  portion that has been repaired.  This road has been grossly neglected for too long.
Potholes
Pot holes in middle  intersection. All  Village Glen needs to be repaved
 is becoming a pot hole.
Several deep potholes on northbound side
From  entrance at college Ave onto Alvarado rd all  way until resorvoir dr  road is so cracked so many potholes and large cracks in  asphalt  desperately needs repairs.
From Waring rd and galewood down Waring until princess view re are several long wide cracks in  asphalt and several chunks  asphalt break f every week due to so many cars driving on  road. I?ve reported  several times before and  road needs to be completely redone. Please let me know when  will finally be taken care .
Street in very poor condion
Major potholes and afton street in s entirety is a broken asphalt nightmare
Pothole in  middle   intersection
Large and deep pothole
Countless potholes and cracks. Have to drive on  shoulder going both north and south to avoid. Have already had a tire blow out.
Pothole in bike lane on souast corner  bridge. Linda vista bridge crossing 805.
Most  Elliott street is cracking and crumbling.
Large pothole in middle  street. Hard to avoid because  street is narrow.
This is a 3 inch deep pothole in  street just before  driveway that causes severe bumps, potentially damage to front end alignment as cars enter and ex.
This entire street is filled wh potholes. Please fix ALL ASAP.When is  street scheduled for repaving?  has been needed when I moved in 15 years ago.
Recessed manhole in bike lane on  descent. Depth   manhole is a few inches and could easily cause a crash especially if users are descending  hill at a high speed. This issue was reported to  Cy originally in summer  2016.
Boulder Lake Ave north  Navajo is in HORRIBLE condion. There are tons  uneven road and potholes
Rightmost lane westbound on La Jolla Village Dr, asphalt is sinking.
A rapidly growing pothole has deeply eroded  asphalt on  east side  Appaloosa Road at  intersection wh Camino Doha.
Large pot hole at  end   cul-de-sac  3800 Marzo St. The whole street by damaged  by SD Cy Contractor's heavy duty  street equipment named  :" El Cajon  Pavement Co." that we're working to repair  Pequena Street's drainage system. Request to take action and schedule  necessary street resurfacing ASAP.
Cy Engineers forgot to add  poles by  left turn into Casoleil Complex . Multiple vehicles are turning left out   complex when y are only supposed to turn right out   complex.
There is a rar large, deep pothole just f  corner  W. redwood Hill and India, which is a well-traveled thoroughfare.  's been  way for weeks.
New pothole
Problem was fixed not too long ago but still exists. Wondering is something more serious is underneath and bandaids are kept being applied.
POTHOLE
SUNKEN AREA CLOSE TO STORM DRAIN.  CONE IS PLACED.
Road is breaking apart. Potholes. Getting worse dailyCustomer email: Briannahauer@yahoo.comRoad is breaking apart. Potholes. Getting worse dailyCustomer email: Briannahauer@yahoo.comRoad is breaking apart. Potholes. Getting worse daily , Customer email: Briannahauer@yahoo.com
POTHOLE
Street is still filled wh potholes.  When is  going to get fixed??? We were promised May 2017. Clearly that did not happen.
LARGE POTHOLES ON MARGERUM AV
There is a pothole on Balboa (at  intersection  Balboa Ave & Mercury St), in  right hand lanes, heading east on Balboa, just past  Mercury St. Intersection.   needs to be patched ASAP,
There is a pothole in  right lane,  Carmel Mountain Road, heading West, before  Hotel.  This hole was previously patched about 9-12 months ago, however  has sunk and re is now a large pothole that needs to be filled.  Please re-patch ASAP.
Pothole just before stop line
Multiple deep potholes. The cy recently resurfaced 2/3 if  street and left  worst part undone.
Multiple pot holes on Rancho Carmel Rd between Carmel Mountain Road and 56 freeway.  This whole section  road is in terrible shape
middle  street
middle  Y in street
middle  street
 Pothole is in front  4954 Federal Blvd in  west bound slow lane
damaged street and curb/gutter area in front  3328 MCGRAW STREET, SAN DIEGO, CA 92117.Poor street cracks, hazardous big rocks and potholes. This area is hazardous for CHILDREN playing on  streets. I am afraid  liabilty issues.  Please have some one come and fix  issue immediately. ***tached are clear photos   area  concern.
Breaking up asphalt around man hole cover!
This area has had a lot  big construction trucks  last few weeks and at  same time,  road is getting a lot  small pot holes and crumbling
Hole is approximately 8 x 18. 's on a seam in  road which is actually starting to break up. My wife and I were in our front yard when a car h  and n almost ran into a car parked on  street.
This street reminds me  being a young buck in  60's and 70's, and driving on  dirt washboard roads in  Baja.  Holes and bumps and cracks  entire distance.  Good Lord, will  street EVER be repaved?  Thank you.
This street has heavy traffic daily ,  The roads have lots  potholes.
Bad road repair , multiple portholes
Several pot holes in  entry to FallGlen Court. Avoiding m has almost caused head on collisions.
TEST
Road hazard, more damage imminent: The heavy steel rim that belongs embedded in  street was sting on  surface, sticking out   road bed by 2 inches. I was able to f  into  hole  had come from however 's sticking above  road bed and is a hazard.  is also very likely to get popped out again when someone drives over .  appears that  rim is re to protect  piping that is below  triangular access cover,  is likely if  is not repaired that cars and trucks will damage  piping.
Several potholes in front  5503 Conrad Ave.
Asphalt missing from  start  Arvinels to  end  Conrad Ave.  Tripping hazard, reported  before and y only came out and filled in a couple  potholes.
Bike path is dangerous to ride on. Overgrown bushes, and very uneven concrete. Please smooth out and trim brush. Thank you.
LARGE POTHOLE, S/B #1 LANE
Several potholes and large cracks on asphalt street in residential area. Could use repair and resurfacing.
3 large potholes in front  home...have been repaired several times before
Alley south  Conrad is atrocious
On behalf  a constuent in Council District 3, re are potholes identified in  crosswalk on  norrn part   11th and Market intersection.Please do not hesate to contact me wh any questions.Thanks,Brian ElliottPolicy AdvisorCouncilmember Chris Ward
Pothole
Street desperately needs to be repaired. The street had trenches cut into  by  cy  in  past and  repair job was not good. There are holes throughout  street which cause my kids to crash on ir bikes and scooters. The street is a hazard to cars, people, etc.   A neighbor mentioned y were going to repair  street mselves  because  cy has not come to do  repair. That is completely unacceptable in my eyes.
India and Redwood St. Very hard to miss in  dark.
There is a metal, triangle-shaped, cover that is loose in  middle   street.   says "Monument" on .  The cover is loose and so is  metal frame  is supposed to rest on.  Traffic hazard!!
Middle lane , west bound
Middle lane, just before bridge, westbound
Potholes still remain after case has been closed.
Street surface is deteriorating more than or areas in  viciny which have been resurfaced.  Cracks have turned in to potholes, potholes have been turning into exposed dirt depressions .  In addion,  stretch  West Pennsylvania between Curlew St. and Sheldon Ave. has problems along  sides.  On  north side   street, erosion  hillside results in soil on  street and interfering wh traffic right  way.  On  south side   street, re is not curb or sidewalk (by design, which is fine in my opinion), but  asphalt edge   street is crumbling into  lower grade below, which is a driving hazard.
Pothole
Very deep pothole. Tripped and fell into . 's a very dangerous accident waing to happen.
POTHOLE ON BLUFFSIDE CLOSE TO PACIFICA (FROM RECENT REPAIR)
GIANT POTHOLE
Carpark pothole - rolled my ankle and tore ligaments, due to darkness as street lighting is also broken
Light out over car park, potholes on car park and darkness caused me to tear ankle ligaments
Manhole cover sinking under road level
Still hasn't been fixed.  I'm going to fill  form out every day till someone moves our job up on  priory list.  There are streets getting paved that are perfectly fine while  street continues to get pushed back.
Pot hole by stop sign going to beyer blvd.
30th request for  deep hole in  middle   intersection to be fixed.
Growing pothole on street at south gate
Damaged curbside hole holding dirty water which is breeding mosquo larvae. We have a big time mosquo activy at our warehouse. Cy environmental technician said  was caused by dirty water being collected on  curbside hole. Please fix asap.
Please, please fill all  potholes and asphalts cracks between San Andres and  I-5 going westbound.  He just bounght 4 new tires and would hate to have m damaged again.
LARGE DIP IN ROAD
Pot hole. You can see big chunks  asphalt right next to  which is a driving hazard. Please fix and remove old broken asphalt ASAP.
Big pot hole on Seminole dr right before Stanley Ave. Potholes is in  right lane.
several potholes on street.
There is a small (approx. 15 inch diameter) pothole on India at  corner  Redwood.   is very deep and is a major safety hazard to people riding bicycles.  There are several ruts in  blacktop in that area that are also hazards to bicyclists.  Please repair before someone is injured.
Cervantes Ave between S 50th Ave & Euclid Ave  has not been paved in over a decade. Mayor damage all over street. Epsecillay, on  entrance  driveways.





Whole area
West side  street

On 28th Street from  on/f ramp   94 freeway all  way down to National Avenue  streets are torn up. From SDG&E work etc. They just patch  roads. I have had to replace  suspension in TWO cars due to  road condions. I have asked repeatedly for m to pave  road to no avail.
Washington Street, East bound, from MCRD entrance, all along under Pacidic Highway, over  train tracks, and under  I-5 freeway is incredibly torn up. The entire road for  1/4-mile stretch  blacktop needs to be replaced wh concrete. There is slope along  section   road, four signal lights and RR crossing. This short section has a lot  heavy trucks and busses that stop and go numerous times causing potholes and buckling in  blacktop. There has been numerous attempts to patch  potholes, however  patches get torn up and make matters worse. This is  worst section  street in San Diego.  is used not only by MCRD, FEDEX, and UPS, but also by users   airport rental car facily and  airport economy parking lot.  is horrible on autos  cizens from all over  cy and county as well a visors using  airport?s east end facilies. Please fix  mess.
This report is for a speed bump type hazard in  road.   has been re for months.  This bump is about 4+ feet long.   is located on Genesee Avenue and La Jolla Village Dr.  Specifically,  is in  left lane  Northbound Genesee, at  intersection  La Jolla Village Dr, immediately after you cross La Jolla Village Dr., next to  median.
Safety hazard. People trip everyday.
sunken street
Pot holes entire street from Datsun to Otay valley Rd needs repair

Street is sinking - huge hole - person could fall and break an ankle  - car will be damaged.

All  Street is full  holes and also if  cy would notice re is a huge root from a big pine tree that's under  road.  I saw a motorcycle almost dump from hting . Please fix  whole entire road.
There are two areas  west bound Maturin Dr between Turtleback Road and Silver Buckle Way where pieces  asphalt are popping up again.  The areas are about 30-40 feet apart.
There are two new potholes on  right lane  west bound Camino Del Norte between Paseo Montanoso and Bernardo Center Drive.
1737 Weaver st


Pothole in front  Mendoza elementary west bound
Pothole on eastbound side  road
Sink hole. This has been reported, but Cy did not respond yet.

Sorry my last report did not have a description.  This pothole is south bound Park approximately 1/10 mile south   163 bridge near  bicycle sharrow.  Again  needs to be patched before a cyclists gets injured.  Thank you.
Large pothole

Damaged asphalt at  intersection.  Cars are swerving on west bound Washington to avoid  intersection.














Damaged asphalt in both directions at  location



Large dip near manhole cover

Several such potholes between here and Lyndon St.



Pot hole in front  5181 Reservoir Dr 92115

Pothole is in  north bound right lane  Morena Blvd near  entrance to  Rose Canyon Operations Yard.
Pothole in middle lane
Looks like  sewer line has settled and  sinking is along  trench cap.
1 LARGE POTHOLE, NORTHBOUND ON LA JOLLA MESA GOING UPHILL
3 LARGE POTHOLES IN A ROW
Pothole  2 x 8 south  Adams
After recent work done, re are several potholes on north Morena Blvd. .  One in particular is very deep and can cause serious injury to anyone driving a motorcycle or riding a bike.  Particularly at night when you can't see . I myself have h  several times and wonder when my tire is going to blow.  Your immediate attention to  would be appreciated.  The cy ( tax payers) is already paying out to much money in lawsus when someone is hurt or property damage is involved. Please don't let  become anor.  Thank you.
Potholes at stop sign and intersection
Potholes at intersection
Pothole right in  middle   road


A deep to pot holes in  ground at Bayside Walk and Deal court. Super dangerous for skaters and pedestrians
Half  bike lane is completely torn up
Pothole in northbound lane right in  middle
Multiple potholes
Scripps Poway Parkway east and west between I-15 and Spring Canyon are full  pot holes and are vey rough surfaces. These sections have repeatedly been patched but needs to be resurfaced.
Mltiple areas  damage in asphalt
POTHOLE
Huge pothole
Dozens  potholes up and down  bike path between  San Diego River and sea world drive
Pot hope traveling south side, 's been re for more n 2 years.
Pothole at NE corner  Pablo and Lomica. Was previously reported to be completed, but is still re
Northbound Morena near operations yard. Several large potholes.
The entire roadway  Rancho Carmel Dr, is in desperate need  repair, beginning at  intersection  Carmel Mtn Rd all  way to Ted Williams Pkwy. ?s very dangerous and is a legal liabily to  cy  San Diego if someone wrecks and/or gets hurt because  cy has chosen to line ir pockets and give mselves raises wh my tax money instead  repairing  road that we use daily! The news media reported on  back in October and still nothing has been done about . We?re tired   Bullsh reasons already, just fix our road before someone is  seriously injured !
There is a huge pothole at  intersection  Paris way and Alta view drive
Huge pothole. has been covered many times, although not fixed appropriately, leading to same issue
Asphalt has sunk near man hole cover. Bump destroys vehicle alignment. Across from 5389 Chollas Pkwy.
Raised streets near trolly tracks and major pot holes. This road area has been in disarray for many years.
LARGE HAZARDOUS POTHOLE ON ALTA VIEW DR JUST SOUTH OF PARIS WAY. IT IS VERY DEEP AND WIDE
N/B POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION I BELIEVE IN THE SLOW LANE
Scripps Ranch Blvd between Mira Mesa Blvd and Affiny Drive to  north.  Road is full  potholes and cracked pavement.
Entire length  Mesa Madera Drive has cracked pavement and pot holes as a result  cy water services repairs two years ago.  Road is in horrible condion.
Large pothole and damaged alley street causing multiple cracks wh some leading up to my property.
There's not a specific pot hole but  whole road in general. Washington St between Pacific Hwy and India is horrible. The pavement is very uneven, most likely from  heavy amount  trucking coming from  Fedex and UPS facilies at  airport. There's also unused rail tracks at  I-5 S Washington f-ramp and east   I-5 overpass on Washington that are no longer being used that really should be removed. On  Washington f-ramp,  tracks are visibly loose and wrecking havoc on vehicle suspensions.I'm very surprised that  stretch  road is not in  future repaving plans because  has to be one   worst stretches  roads in San Diego.-Paul Garcia
many potholes
potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole, right lane forming, just past  bus stop
Street needs new paving
Potholes forming whin  alligator cracking inside  east crosswalk   intersection  Balboa Ave @ Shopping Center Driveway. Part   crosswalk is in  section  eastbound lanes
Pothole forming in  middle  intersection  Balboa Ave @ Shopping Center Driveway. 's on  side   intersection where EB Balboa Ave traffic goes over (separate pothole issue from  one wh alligator cracking in a different report.
Travelling southbound on Ruffin Road, immediately north  Aero Drive,  right turn lane is riddled wh potholes and lumps from previous repair work.  has been  way for years, to varying degrees. A larger series  potholes was repaired maybe 6 months ago, and I noticed today that at least one  m is opening again and has a small amount  pooling water in .
100 potholes caller requests to check  whole street
The cy street asphalt at 5288 edgeworth road SD, near  intersection  soledad mt road has for 7 years deteriorated and broken into dangerous pieces  paving after street crews worked on  sewage lines underneath  road. se pieces  sharp asphalt damage car tires, break into smaller pieces and create more  a mess in  street and adjacent yards because no repairs are done to repave  main road into  harbor heights neighborhood.   please schedule to repave  heavy travelled road. Thank you
Pothole forming in front   patch  middle   intersection  Via De La Valle where  meets  end   I-5 SB framp where WB traffic drives over.
The stretch  Road on Camino Del Rio NORTH  West  WARD rd, all  way to Texas Street 92108

Pot holes
Sunken access hole.
Pot hole, dangerous

Pothole in West bound lane, right before Summerfield just as you enter San Diego from Poway.
Pothole in west bound lane in front  Albertsons
POTHOLES, LOOKS LIKE T.J.
E/B LARGE POTHOLE

Potholes
Potholes
Potholes

a big chunk  asphalt has come up on  west bound side  Rancho Bernardo road just west  Pomerado Road in front   Valvoline Oil Change.  s  left lane closest to  median.  has created a huge pothole and issues wh  asphalt strewn about.
Both South bound and North bound  Ingraham Street between Diamond Street and Emerald Street are riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (North and South bound), at your earliest convenience.
Both South bound and North bound  Ingraham Street between Oliver Avenue and Pacific Beach Drive are riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (North and South bound), at your earliest convenience.
Both South bound and North bound  Ingraham Street between Moorland Drive and La Mancha Drive are riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (North and South bound), at your earliest convenience.
Both South bound and North bound  Ingraham Street between La Mancha Drive and La Cima Drive are riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (North and South bound), at your earliest convenience.
Both North bound  Ingraham Street between La Cima Drive and Yoseme Street is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (North bound), at your earliest convenience.
Both South bound  Ingraham Street between La Cima Drive and Bayonne Drive is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (South bound), at your earliest convenience.
North bound  Ingraham Street between Yoseme Street and Jewell Street is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (North bound), at your earliest convenience.
South bound  Ingraham Street between Bayonne Drive and Buena Vista Street is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (South bound), at your earliest convenience.
South bound  Ingraham Street between Buena Vista Street and Riviera Drive is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (South bound), at your earliest convenience.
Both South bound and North bound  Ingraham Street on  bridge over  Fishermans Channel are riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (North and South bound), at your earliest convenience.
North bound  Ingraham Street between Crown Point Drive and Vacation Road is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (North bound), at your earliest convenience.
Pothole
North bound  Ingraham Street between Vacation Road and Perez Cove Way is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (North bound), at your earliest convenience.
South bound  Ingraham Street between Vacation Road and Dana Landing Road riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (South bound), at your earliest convenience.
Both South bound and North bound  Ingraham Street on  bridge over Mission Bay Channel is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (North and South bound), at your earliest convenience.
North bound  Ingraham Street between Vacation Road and Perez Cove Way is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (North bound), at your earliest convenience.
South bound  Ingraham Street between Vacation Road and Dana Landing Road is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (South bound), at your earliest convenience.
North bound  Ingraham Street between Perez Cove Way and  West Mission Bay Drive ramp onto Ingraham Street is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (North bound), at your earliest convenience.
South bound  Ingraham Street between Dana Landing Road and  ramp onto West Mission Bay Drive is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (South bound), at your earliest convenience.
North bound  Ingraham Street / Mission Bay Drive between  on and f ramps is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (North bound), at your earliest convenience.
North bound  West Mission Bay Drive between  ramp to West Mission Bay Drive and  on ramp from Sea World Drive is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (North bound), at your earliest convenience.
South bound  Ingraham Street between  on ramp from West Mission Bay Drive and  on ramp from Sea World Drive is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (South bound), at your earliest convenience.
Both South bound and North bound  West Mission Bay Drive under  Sea World Drive overpass are riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  Ingraham Street (North and South bound), at your earliest convenience.









Pothole

South bound  West Mission Bay Drive under  I-8 overpass is riddled wh unruly and rough pavement.  Some pot holes are present.  I am requesting a repaving  West Mission Bay Drive (South bound), at your earliest convenience.





Pothole
Very Large pothole when turning left from Bunker Hill traveling east to Princeton Ave traveling North.  Causing damage to many small cars bumpers who do not see  in time.
Potholes and large cracks on Dove Street between W Washington and W Universy.  Request repaving Dove street both North and South bound between Washington and Universy.
Large sections  uneven pavement and potholes from prior water main construction on Robinson Ave.  Request repaving from 10th Ave to Park Blvd both East and West bound.
LARGE POTHOLE BY COSTCO, ON MORENA JUST SOUTH OF AVATI, CAUSED DAMAGE TO TIRE
This is really a street issue.  This stretch  street has not been repaved in decades and  looks to be ignored/overlooked again  round or repaving.   is not only unsightly, but also dangerous to bike riders and wheelchair folks.  I called  engineer, Graham Hufford, in charge   projects in our area and he confirmed that Landis between Pershing and 28th is NOT on  agenda.  Please send someone to evaluate and let me know  result.  Today, marks have been put in front  our house at 3667 Pershing, which I assume indicates repaving.  Pershing is in much better shape than poor Landis.  Thank you
Rancho Bernardo road going east before freeway 15 ex
rancho bernardo road going east before Summerfield lane
Damaged concrete thing on trolley tracks.  should not have felt like that when I stepped on .
 road is deteriorating. can someone please FIX ???
why is 150000854315 closed? NOTHING has been done on Garde street.  has NOT been fixed.
Why is 150000854312  closed? Westmore is NOT fixed...'s getting worse!!!
On  corn or  beyer Street and Palm Ave (on Montgomery high school side)  street is very bad. The pavement is all lifted and bumpy. I'm surprise that a student or someone else hasn't gotten hurt.
Large pothole 3' L x 1' W x 3-4" deep.
Alley between Oregon and Idaho on  block between universy and Lincoln is in really terrible shape. Some very bad potholes and overall bad condion. Please see about repaving
ALLEY SUNKEN
There is a pot hole in  side walk. I did not see  walking across  street. caused me to fall down on Saturday 11/11/17 around 11:00 am.I went to urgent care and have water in my knee, rib contusion, hand, arm and back injury.I took a photo when driving away.  attached.  I also have pictures  my knee and hands if needed.I'm just submting  issue today because, I was out  work for 2 days due to my injuries and do not have a computer at home.  Can you please tell me who I should contact regarding my injuries?  thank you for your time, Debra
Alleyway is all broken up and damaged by large construction trucks   Working on  new building
middle  intersection
Starting at  intersection  Mission Cy Parkway and Camino Del Rio N, east to Ward Rd.  This section  road does not have bike lanes, new pot holes are appearing weekly.  These two ems make for an extremely dangerous area for bikes.
Approx 3 potholes on westbound side just west  recent repairs
THERE IS A HUGE POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION OF S. 39TH STREET AND BIRCH STREET
Pothole in  northbound lane at corner  Rosecrans & Garrison

pothole turning left in #1 lane from garnet onto mission bay drive
Multiple potholes. Street is in terrible condion.
Pot holes at  4671 and 4652 Lisane
Pot hole # lane in  front   mendoza elementry school
Multiple potholes along stretch  road between Orfila winery and Viento Valle.


Lot  potholes on  street

Lot  potholes


This thing is breaking ankles all over. Super deep pothole that is always messing up cars.
Terrible potholes up and down Cowles Mountain Boulevard. Please fix m or repave  road.
Street one big pothole .. has damage my tires ..
A hole on  road close to  center lane wh a sharp object sticking up in front  3246  imperial ave
POTHOLE IN THE ALLEY...HAS GROWN TO 3 TIMES ITS SIZE
LARGE DEEP HAZARDOUS POTHOLE RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF INTERSECTION
Pothole
Because  poor management  cy resurfaces  stree than has a contractor tear  up again . All at  expense   tax payer. Poor project management.
A large section   road about 6 feet X 4 feet has sunken about 4-6 inches deep.   continues to sink slowly and is a road hazard.
Large truck several weeks ago loosened paving by spinning wheels
Intersection  La Jolla Village Drive and Genesee Avenue. Traveling eastbound on La Jolla Village Drive and n turning left, northbound onto Genesee Avenue, re is a deep pothole in  intersection.
Large Pothole that is causing damage to vehicles
Their was a water main leak and after th cy fixed  repair area y did not completely repai  street.  Their is still a large indentation in  street where  repair was done. (Like a large pothole)
W/B POTHOLE JUST WEST OF ALONDRA POPPED TIRE.
8199-8269 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111 to 6999 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111 street has surface that is badly torn up in both directions east and west.  Please patch and resurface.
Street needs paving
Street needs paving
No new paved road on reo drive
There is a deep pothole along  centerline   concrete in  alley behind 853 Thomas Ave, San Diego, CA 92109.  is  alley between Thomas Ave and Reed Ave.
Multiple really rough patches along EB Carmel Mountain, especially around Stoney Creek
Lots  potholes
The eight inch diameter cover for water shut f in  street is depressed 2-3 inches     below  road surface causing a danger to vehicles traveling norast.
potholes in front  11342, 11345, 11348, 11351 and 11354 Calle Dario.
East  intersection Bernardo Center Dr. has numerous pot holes that places older drivers in danger  losing control  ir cars    The pot holes extend to Pomerado.Thank you for responding to my previous reports.
East bound lanes have a number  potholes in all three lanes.West bound lanes just prior to Northbound Freeway  entrance has three or four metal covers are depressed 2-3 inches 2nd lane from right curb causing  vehicle hting  area  partial control and tire damage.Thank you for taking care  previous reports submted.
Full  bumps and potholes. So dangerous on scooter and bicycle. I get passed on  left and right as I try to navigate  hazards. Street hasn't been repaved for at least 10 years. Needs to be done Now!
Portholes in  yellow lines divider markers, at  intersection   street. chunks have popped out   asphalt
Large pothole and crumbling asphalt directly alongside my business, impacting customer vehicles and pedestrian safety daily.
several potholes needs to be patched
On Otay Mesa Road from Sanyo to La Media Road, re are multiple unsafe potholes.   Due to  construction in  area,  potholes are filled wh construction debris, including nails and screws.  My tire was blown out because   last night and my co-worker's tire was also flat because   last week.
Please repair  pothole that is in  alley behind  building 4511 37th Street near  alley entrance.  Thank you.
IN ALLEY BEHIND ADDRESS  FOUR POTHOLES IN WHAT USE TO BE ASPHALT ALLEY
Several potholes on Pomerado Court. Pothole on Pacato Cir S. just west  Cresta Drive. Piece  pavement sticking up on 's side in pothole.Cresta Dr. and Arba Dr. pothole piece  pavement sting on sidewalk (about 6 inch by 4 inches).
Pothole
There is a crack in  street at Pacifica Drive and Anselmo next to a recent street repair for a water pipe that was leaking! The repair was filled wh some black material. The crack is running parallel. Many cars travel over se two areas. The repaired side is very bumpy and uneven and  new crack is just beginning to show distress!! Please check  out before we get a major pot hole! Thanks.
Scripps Trail Road has fallen into severe disrepair and causes discomfort and injury to local residents due to a host  cracks, potholes, decaying asphalt, and a painted street stop sign and divider lines that have not been repainted in some time. Addionally, residents describe  area as being a heavy traffic zone for emergency services and local school-goers -  street is a prime arterial road and fairly busy. Yet,  OCI for  street self rates as "fair" or "good" in most locations, despe  fact that  road self, according to residents, hasn't received any slurry seals or repaving projects since s creation in 1981 (according to  Overlay History report).  The rating  67.4 may be too high.   very least, we should be able to do some pothole repair and inspect  road for future projects.
Request re-surface   1100 through 1200 (South)  Willie James Jones Avenue. I have submted several requests over  years to have  street repaired, but re was never enough budget to have  done. I see that  cy is starting to repair or streets in my neighborhood and around  cy, so why not Willie James Jones?Thank you
CRACKED  AND SINKING IN ALLEY  3215-3221
large pothole
Pothole at  edge  driveway and sidewalk.  is 8" deep.  If  rains  will get bigger.
Couple  potholes on  side   freeway f ramp, blew out both  my right side tires hting , very dangerous
PER PD HAZ POTHOLE IFO ADDR IN THE #1 LANE
Large potholes
Entire block has some deeper areas, South  Mira Mesa Blvd.
Major Pothole/webbing  street. Located in NB Lanes. Size 2x2 feet
Uneven spot at intersection - 3 feet long
Pothole on bridge
Dangerous potholes in pedestrian walking path
Pothole along curb. Nearly sprained ankle exing parked vehicle.
Killer Pothole! Southbound SANTO RD, near Serra High School.Take action on  one ASAP.'s from recent construction. The best cage-rattler in years. I was still shaking a mile away.

Lots  m
near crosswalk
Entire Ali is full  potholes  needs to be fixed! This is a safety issue people are falling down on ir bicycles and tripping.
Pothole
Hole
Hole
Hole around sewer
Hole
Hole
Cracks and holes
The new pothole is on  south bound side  Santo, left lane, in front  Serra High School, The cy was working on  spot  week and re is evidence that a repair was made, but  repair is much worse than  original problem.
Pothole, broken cracked pavement
Previously filled huge pothole is now worse than ever
Pothole in street
Pothole repair needed
Pothole large
Small in street
Small needing repair fill in
  intersection  Romney Rd and San Aquario  street is crumbling and resulting in a large longudinal hole where  asphalt meets  cement.
Where Pacifica and Amy merge toger  road is crumbling away and resulting in a large pothole.
Pothole needs repair
Pothole getting larger and larger
Actual address is Estelle Place! Dangerous pothole growing daily. Just f 60th. Estelle PLACE.
Pothole, at Estelle PLACE (f 60th)
Potholes and horrible road condions

Pothole in left lane  southbound lanes
re is a pothole that has caused a few tire damages in  middle  Laurie Lane at  corner  44th street. In front   church
Pothole at Intersection

Area   road that was worked on last week has formed into a giant  divot. Southbound Santo Rd.

many potholes
8 ft sinkhole in front  entrace to school
Large pothole across half   road.
sinkhole 5'x8'
SUNKEN AREA ON NORSTAD BETWEEN PALM &  GOODBODY
Uneven pavement loose asphalt.
Crumbling asphalt almost crashed on motorcycle.
re is a large pothole and  asphalt is all crumbled over  street.
Major jolt driving over previously patched area on inside southbound lane between Clairemont Mesa and Serra High School.
large pothole on eastside  intersection. in front  address  1010 wilbur av
Potholes in middle  street.
Narrow trench running parallel to, and beside  pedestrian crossing at northbound Genesee Avenue and eastbound La Jolla Village Drive ( Souast corner  intersection). Trench needs to be filled in.
Damaged asphalt on street  alley, behind 48th Street and behind Duval Street.  Cracks pot holes uneven.  All  alley street needs to be redone.  I have been reported for three years and no action taken.
In  alley. Cement has cracked and sank.
Keep reporting pothole after pothole never ends...  be better f if  was once repaved for good. Please, thank you!
Huge pothole!



Terrible street condion. This street has failed, causing disruption  traffic and damage to vehicles.
Pothole on north branch  street at intersection more on Presidio side.
pothole in bike lane southbound, manhole cover is recessed almost 3" below road surface, i had to swerve to avoid and  almost caused me to crash.
POTHOLE IN FRONT OF DRIVEWAY
Uneven pavement in  bicycle lane on Pacific Hwy south  Rosecrans under  I-5 overpass.  Entire area needs paving.




west bound on san vicente heading south onto Sawtelle
Large pothole between concrete and asphalt on Upas St. hill...chunks  asphalt in  street...I cleaned  up but needed to be filled ASAP
Raised pavement in alley
LARGE DEPRESSION IN STREET
Severe pothole wh large asphalt debris, Roselle

Blacktop has been pushed up into a huge bump that can damage vehicles. This is near  entrance to  alley as you travel east on Mission Ave and enter to  left heading North.
Pothole 2 feet by 2 feet and 3-4 inches deep on westbound Rancho Bernardo Road, just west  cy boundary wh Poway
This is a previously patched cut hole - looks fairly rectangular in shape, but 's sinking.  And when you h  's very hard on  car just like a big pothole.   affects mainly  southbound side   street, very near and including  double yellow stripes in  center.  Because  parked cars on  right side 's impossible to avoid unless you cross over  yellow lines and straddle  wh your car.  Definely needs repair.  Thank you :-)
Multiple pot holes
Past repairs at  location have started to break up and re are several potholes. Some are 4' - 6' deep. The potholes at  1st curve  in  downhill part  Cave street are  worst.
Large pothole on Left lane heading South on Santo Rd. Recent work done on road.
Large pothole on right side  uphill side   lower part  Herage Road. Please check lower end  Herage Road until  meets Otay Valley Road
Comments: The entire Old Milky Way and parts  San Pasqual Road Road has many pot holes on both sides. During  winter re is low visibily because   fog.
POTHOLE
Pothole
Asphalt pot hole in front  5103 Chollas Pkwy
Asphalt damage Chollas Parkway at Collura.
Asphalt damage Chollas Pkwy South at Collura along curb.
Concrete damage/pothole. Chollas Pkwy at Collura.
Asphalt damage in front  5099 Chollas Pkwy. Cross street is Collura.
Pothole across  street from 5099 Chollas Pkwy. Also damage on asphalt along  gutter.
Pothole in front  5081 Chollas Pkwy.
Pothole in  making in front  5075 Chollas Pkwy.
From: Barrera, Christy Sent: Tuesday, November 21, 2017 3:13 PMTo: Engineering <ENGINEERING@sandiego.gov>Subject: Sink Hole EmergencyImportance: HighHi,There is a sink hole at 339 Las Flores Terrace 92114. Please call Silvia Santos (619) 426-4475.Thank you,Christy BarreraClerical Assistant II(858) 627-3200CBarrera@sandiego.gov  Public Works Department 9573 Chesapeake DriveSan Diego CA 92123
LARGE POTHOLE
Two large potholes need to be filled. So deep water will not run f into gutter. Please fill.
Potholes are in front  a business drive way. Rain season is here and  holes will get deeper.  Please see photos attached.
at end  street near culdesac
approximately here, in northbound LJ Shores Blvd., new pothole
Close to where  ex ramp from eastbound Rt. 56 to Carmel Country Rd. begins, rough pavement/pothole in  left lane   two eastbound lanes.
POTHOLES ON MILTON
Damaged asphalt and potholes all over  intersection.
Long stretch  rough asphalt and potholes.
Sagging concrete in  intersection is causing a pothole.
please fix pothole in front   house. Please repave whole street.  has not been repaved since s original construction 6/1/1976.
The road is has numerous ruts and holes
in alley behind address
North bound Genesee Ave., (Just North  Nobel) by  Train depot. Right hand lane.
Pothole in left lane  southbound Santo Rd & app. 18" deep.
Southbound La Jolla Shores Dr.  Pothole has grown to about 1 foot in diameter and causes my house to shake when a large truck goes over .   seems to grow about 1" per day now.
Very rough asphalt and potholes.


Pothole
Road repair , now a pothole
Damaged hand hole cover in middle  street.
Multiple potholes at ingulf and Denver again.  Are re plans to pave ingulf anytime soon?
The sreet is full  potholes. Big chunks  asphalt come out. Someone has been trying to put m back as best y can. Surrounding streets were resurfaced last year. Kept waing for our street to be resurfaced but never happened.  desperately needed  n and even more now. Sometimes  asphalt rocks stick up above  street level. My husband rides a motorcycle and  is especially dangerous for him and all or bike riders. The road at  edge  most   driveways is especially worn. Our friend fell f his motorcycle at  edge  our driveway as he  was leaving.. This needs to be fixed asap.  is way overdue.
Pothole
Deep potholes near Shell station.
Approximately 4 inches deep. I twisted my left ankle when I stepped in . My coworker wnessed  injury.

Potholes
Pothole East side  street between Foothill/Turquoise and Agate at about 5233 Cardeno Drive
The alley behind my apartment building has a large pothole that has been temporarily patched several times but  delivery and trash trucks distroy  asphalt patches in short order and  becomes nearly impossible for my tenants to access ir parking spots.  The alley is concrete and in desperate need to be patched wh concrete.
Potholes in left lane heading east on Sea World Drive, both before and after Sea World Way.
There are several gouges in  surface  E Street across from  Office Depot. They are large enough that someone walking on  street( is a dead end at  train and trolley tracks) could fall, stumble, or orwise injure mselves. I reported  through  GET IT DONE smartphone App  morning. My ID number for  issue is 00261566.
Pothole in right lane on north bound on black mountain rd
Terrible street lots potholes
Please repair Clairemont Mesa Blvd, here are  location from 4551 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117 to 8199-8269 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111, damage is in both directions and deep cracks along in both diretions, street is missing pavement, has broken pavement, potholes, ripples, and uneven pavement. Please patch  cracks before y get worse and repave in  future.
Series  developing potholes on a stretch  road which was  completely repaved not too long ago. Westbound lane. Must have been an inadequate repaying job to begin wh.
Road is in very bad shape here and desperately needs total repaving. Perhaps  is already schedule to be repaved? I know pipes were replaced nearby not too long ago.
Several potholes at intersection  acworth and mt aladin
several potholes need to be patched
There is a large pothole in  west bound lane  Rancho Bernardo Rd. just as you cross over from Poway to San Diego cy lims, just west  Summerfield. I  previously reported  pothole and got an email saying  was "closed", but  pothole in question has not been fixed. Soon  will start swallowing Priuses, which will harm  environment, accelerate global warming,  and make penguins in Antartica die. Better get on ! :-)
Several potholes making  driving very  difficult
Multiple ruts and potholes.
Avati WestBound just before intersection wh Huerfano
Avati East Bound just after intersection wh Huerfano
Several potholes on N/B Meadowbrook between Briarwood and Skyline.
Pothole
Large root under street pushing  up. Becoming very dangerous for motorists and motorcycles.  Also road has many potholes which are being fixed one at a time.  Big waste  Cy taxes. Please get  road fixed before someone dies.
Several potholes on street.pieces breaking out on road.
Multiple potholes
Pothole
One  hundreds  potholes going south on boulder lake drive from mineral drive
Anor  hundreds  potholes/ erosion going south from Whalen drive to Hudson drive on boulder lake 92119
One  hundreds  potholes between whelan and Hudson going south on boulder lake 92119
One  hundreds  potholes going south on boulder lake from whelan to Hudson 92119
One  hundreds  hundreds  potholes going south on boulder lake between whelan and Hudson 92119
Anor  hundreds  potholes on boulder lake southbound between whelan and tommy 92119
Anor  hundreds  potholes southbound on boulder lake between whelan and tommy drive 92119
Anor  hundreds  potholes on southbound boulder lake between tommy drive and whelan
Anor  hundreds  potholes southbound on boulder lake between tommy and whelan 92119
Anor  hundreds  potholes  one is an example  how many times  road has been patched southbound on boulder lake between whelan and tommy dr 92119
More examples   hundreds  potholes southbound on boulder lake between whelan and tommy drive 92119
Anor   hundreds  potholes southbound on boulder lake between whelan and tommy drive 92119
Looking southbound on boulder lake between Hudson and tommy potholes on top  patched potholes
Deep road damage and hundreds  potholes southbound on boulder lake between Hudson and tommy drive 92119
Almost  2 inches deep just one example   depth on  hundreds  potholes where patching on top  patching has worsened  problem on southbound boulder lake between Hudson and tommy drive 92119
Multiple potholes wh eroded patching on southbound boulder lake between Hudson and tommy 92119
One  hundreds  Deep potholes southbound on boulder lake between Hudson and tommy drive 92119
Large crater
Asphalt island
This entire street is nothing but potholes from Parkridge to Waring Road on Navajo going west
Example  potholes on surface where decade  continued patching  have made deep holes on southbound boulder lake between Hudson and tommy 92119
Deep crevasse pothole southbound boulder lake between Hudson and tommy drive 92119
Examples  multiple potholes southbound on boulder lake between tommy and Navajo 92119
Northbound boulder lake between Navajo and tommy drive potholes and road damage 92119
Northbound boulder lake crevasse/ pothole about 2 inches deep between tommy drive and Hudson 92119
Potholes on northbound boulder lake between tommy and Hudson 92119
Deep pothole on northbound boulder lake between tommy and hudson
Example  at least a decade  patching on patching potholes on northbound boulder lake between tommy and Hudson 92119
Deep long pothole northbound boulder lake between tommy drive and Hudson 92119
Deep pothole example  hundreds  potholes on Northbound boulder lake between tommy and Hudson 92119
Example  how traffic drives close to sidewalk to avoid hundreds  potholes  on both north and southbound boulder lake
Potholes and eroded patching to potholes on northbound boulder lake  between tommy and Hudson 92119
Looking west across boulder lake between tommy and Hudson 92119
Northbound boulder lake between tommy and hudson
Northbound boulder lake between tommy and Hudson
Deep pothole adjacent to patch northbound boulder lake between Hudson and tommy 92119
Deep crevasse one  hundreds  potholes on northbound boulder lake between Hudson and whelan 92119
Hundreds  potholes northbound on boulder lake between tommy and Hudson 92119
Potholes northbound boulder lake between tommy and Hudson 92119
One  hundreds  potholes northbound boulder lake between Hudson and whelan 92119
Looking west across boulder lake down Hudson Dr 92119
One  hundreds  potholes northbound boulder lake between tommy and whelan 92119
Potholes and erosion around  painted word "slow" on northbound boulder lake between Hudson and whelan 92119
Up close look at painted "slow" sign on northbound boulder lake between Hudson and whelan just before  school crosswalk for Gage elementary school 92119
Painted "slow " sign on northbound boulder lake between whelan and Hudson. Just before school cross walk92119
Painted "slow" sign just before school cross walk  on northbound boulder lake between whelan and Hudson.potholes around paint nearly 2inches deep.
Looking south on northbound boulder lake just above painted "slow" sign multiple potholes and patches between whelan and hudson
Painted "slow school" sign on northbound boulder lake between whelan and Hudson
Up close painted "slow school" sign showing patches and erosion  patches and pot holes on northbound boulder lake between whelan and Hudson
Painted "xing" sign just before  school crosswalk on northbound boulder lake between whelan and Hudson
Example  vehicle traffic driving on  side   road to avoid potholes. This location is at  school crosswalk on northbound boulder lake at whelan
Northbound boulder lake just before school crosswalk
Potholes in northbound school crosswalk on northbound boulder lake at whelan
In front  1469 Acheson St.  Several or potholes on  two block street.
School crosswalk where  potholes street meets  cement transion   crossstreet on southbound boulder lake @ whelan
School crosswalk on boulder lake and whelan
There is a large sink hole that formed on  top   slope outside  my property. The sink hole has created a grove which runs down my property into  base  my yard.  has created flooding in  past and land slides which have damaged my yard to a current non-repairable state. Upon my own and  home owners association inspection   property lims,  was found that  sink hole originated on cy property. In one   pictures attached you can see  sink hole originating from  outside  my properties fence and can see how far down  sink hole has traveled in anor picture. I refore request  cy fix  issue and ensure re are measures against sink holes opening up in that location.
Multiple potholes forming
Potholes and road needs replaced
Pothole currently approximately 2 ft by 2 ft in size land 2 to 3 inches deep in  northbound lane.
Pothole is approx 2 foot square and getting bigger.
Pothole is approx 2 foot square and getting bigger.
POTHOLES IN STREET AT 500 BLK OF FORWARD STREET.
Hi, re is a big pothole on  marked spot. Can you please consider to repave that part   street because  is so uneven and dangerous for kids to bike on . Thank you.
Large pothole
The length  Redwood Street between 38th Street and 40th Street is riddled wh LARGE and NUMEROUS potholes. Approximately 7-9 large potholes per each block on Redwood Street.  Take a look at  Satelle View on Google Maps for reference. I've been on dirt roads in third world countries that have been better maintained.  The whole street needs to be repaved. 's seriously bad.
Reports  multiple potholes along stretch  Regents Rd. between Eastgate and Executive.
There is a huge pothole approximately in  address.  is right before  alley entrance . Thank you.
6 potholes on Afton Road side  address
We have a large pot hole in front  our main entrance to Northrop Grumman Aerospace.  (See attached pic)Also, re are no street lights installed on  side   street so  makes  very dark at night making  dangerous for our employees coming and going.  If you could see about installing an extra light  would be appreciated.
Rar large pothole approximately 2 to 2 1/2 feet across and  half a foot deep
Approximately a foot long by foot wide pothole
Hello, 68th St. has potholes and large patches or exposed gravel between Amherst and Rosefield. If possible  would be great to have  street resurfaced or sealed to prevent damage to vehicles.
16550 W Bernardo Dr San Diego, CaliforniaWe have a large pothole in front  our main entrance to our company

Large pothole located in  middle  a very large patch  cracked degrading asphalt.  Large chunks  asphalt are being kicked up by passing vehicles.  This section  street is in need  significant repair.
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT THE WHOLE CULDESAC
Large potholes at 3100 Collier and West Mountain View Drive in  crosswalk. Hazard for pedestrians and motorists. Please repair. Thanks
The entire alley behind 4743 - 41 42nd Street has pot holes.

Multiple growing potholes on Avati especially Morena to Huerfano. The pic is  ones in West bound right lane
More potholes on Avati
More Potholes on Avati
More potholes on Avati
In front  teen center
There are several large and deep pot holes in front   entrance into  alley.
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole forming
When driving westbound left wheels h pothole hard.
Intersection  Montezuma Rd and 55th St, going west on Montezuma Rd potholes in  middle   intersection on both left and right lanes
Recently 2 wheel chair access curbs were put on  corner  El Cajon blvd and 34th st on  north side. I live at 4353 34th st  55 and over communy and  street is so buckeled wh prior repairs ,that a wheelchair cannot navigate to cross 34th st
Terrible Pot Holes all over 68th st between  Brooklyn and Wunderlin ave
2 new  wheel chair access curbs were installed 2 weeks ago at corner  El Cajon blvd and 34th st on  north side. We live at 4353 34th st in a 55 and older communy where several residents use wheel chairs.On  corner  El cajon and 34th st  street has several previous repairs,that a wheel chair is almost impossible to navigate across  street. Even a car has to approach  intersection when crossing
A lot  potholes on street.
Immense potholes which have been patched and repatched, The problem is  repatching is not working and  potholes continue to exist.
Please repave redwood st along wh or streets currently being repaved in neighborhood.  This is  worst street  m all. Many pot holes! We always avoid driving down  street.  Been waing 10 years to be fixed.  Have gotten flat tires on  street!
Street is sinking and raising
Looks like a sinkhole!Please use CONCRETE, all  asphalt patches have failed and are a waste  money!
multiple pot holes and breaking up   surface.
Series  two deep and long depressions across lanes... y have been sinking deeper.  Also near some utily pipe covers
This pothole has been reportedMultiple time, and  keeps sinking in. Any help is appreciated
For a few days now  pothole has been forming and water is leaking from .  might be a sinkhole forming

Pot hole on northbound 5 fwy on ramp.
Large pothole in  street near driveway. Hazard for motorists. Please fix. Thanks
Pothole
Ridgeway Drive has not been resurfaced or paved for over 30 years.  We were told that  street was in such poor condion that  had to be completely repaved and that  would be done by  past summer.   has not been done and continues to be a hazard to our cars and pedestrians.  This is  only street in Kensington that has not been repaved or resurfaced.  The condions are so poor now that  is a safety concern to all  us.
Hello just next to curb and south  water gutter / drain re's a small hole in  asphalt that if you look in  shows a large sink hole...happy to send photos if you have an email.I could also see pipes that most likely go to  power boxes just adjacent. location is ~50 ft south  Vallecos on La Jolla Shores Dr. and West side  street...just in front   two south  two utily covers (just f street).I'm afraid a car will fall in once asphalt breaks...hole in asphalt is only a ~5 few inches wide but looking inside re's a very very large hole / open area.
Avati W/B @ Brillden. Street in need  major repairs
Potholes here in two months
Pot hole expanding
Potholes in school crossing northbound boulder lake
Potholes above  school crosswalk on northbound boulder lake @ whelan
Potholes and odd asphalt erosion on northbound boulder lake above whelan
Crevasse like pothole northbound boulder lake just above Whalen
Wired erosion potholes on northbound boulder lake above whelan
Large pothole on northbound boulder lake between whelan and boulder lake place
Long crevasse like pothole on northbound boulder lake between whelan and boulder lake pl
Looking south on northbound boulder lake between whelan and boulder lake pl
Pothole southbound boulder lake between boulder lake place and whelan
Pothole on southbound boulder lake between boulder lake place and whelan
Pothole in  painted "slow xing" sign on southbound boulder lake between boulder lake place and whelan
Potholes in  school crosswalk on boulder lake at whelan.
The street across Jonas Salk Elem. School  was paved and potholes were remove, but   continuing Parkdale Blvd. going towards Mira Mesa Blvd was not.  How come? This is a very  busy street  being used by drivers for short cut going toward Sorrento Valley when y try to avoid  traffic, so  residents around  area are really  upset and disappointed wh elected ficials for doing nothing.
Pedestrian hazard at crosswalk.  North side  street.
Railroad tracks have big potholes by m and y need to be fixed I am saying  nicely but I am pissed f because I should not put my car in posion driving on crappy streets
Southbound i5 right lane
Multiple pot holes
Large pothole in middle  turning lane/f-ramp/connector  163N and Kearny Villa road
East bound lane  Navajo. About 6 potholes as you go east around  corner.
East bound lane  Navajo.
West bound lane  Navajo at  bend in  road. 3 potholes.
Fontaine Street just west  Formal Court.

Pothole
Area n/b on 54th is horrible!  Where recent "repairs" were made, disrepairs!!! I  have submted multiple requests.  re are metal plates in some areas, ors  keep opening up,  's super bumpy.  You lerally have to go 3 miles per hr to not pop a tire.  I already popped one, please fix ASAP!!
Pothole on eastbound Scripps Poway, Parkway just west   intersection wh Angelique street.
POTHOLES, BUMPS, please repair  recent disrepas that were made. I popped one tire, don't want to pop anor one.   Please check 54th st, throughout  whole block!
Numerous potholes
Pothole
Previous patch subsided. Feels like a pothole. Driving north on 47th St.
Caltrans put a 45deg ramp destroying shocks and tires.
pothole
Pothole is on Elm Street on  eastern side   intersection  Elm and Third Avenue (near  Stop sign).
Hole
Deep dip in  street. Just west  Wabash on Lincoln ave.
Pothole edge  grate
Pothole
Actual address is Estelle Place! Dangerous pothole growing daily. Just f 60th. Estelle PLACE.Job not done!Still large pot hole on Estelle Place.
PLEASE attend to:2700 block  Landis, between Pershing and 28 th street.  was missed  last time around and seems to be skipped  time around also.  is cracked, uneven, broken patches  concrete, potholes, a real workout for our shock absorbers. Thank you for your attention in .Problem Location: 2700 block  Landis street, San Diego, CA 92104, USAThank youSherry Rappoport3685 Pershing Ave92104
Please fix all  potholes on Pinecrest Ave. some are in  middle divider but street is narrow and you can still catch m. Several on both sides   street
Please fix potholes going south especially as you get closer to Onalaska Ave. re's 2 on  southbound lane thank you
Hole
On law st, The Road is like a wash board ,From Gresham st to Haines st.The street was worked on by  water service last year and  has not been property repair. This needs to be repaved!
Potholes, badly damaged road condion both road sides, especially one side. Please see picture via Google Map (April 2017).  This condion has been over a year!
2 potholes on corner  Cantamar and Saturn
Pothole
Intersection ingulf Denver sts.rutted and potholes
Please patch pot hole in front  8736 Gold Coast Drive. Please repave Gold Coast Drive from Camino Ruiz to Black Mountain. Has not been repaved since s 6/1/1988 (almost 30 years ago!). Break  down into a couple segments if that makes  easier for you. PLEASE DO IT.
Pothole in  center  Thermal Ave just north  Coronado Ave
2 difficult to navigate potholes on St Andrews Ave just west  Gailes Blvd.
BAD POTHOLE
Water coming out  pothole in  street
Pothole
On  Corner  Ransom and Marge way, re a pot hole/street drain that is continue to worsen.
Rancho Carmel Drive 92128 - In between Ted Williams Parkway & Carmel mountain road is VERY cracked, bumpy and unsafe to drive. I highly recommend driving  street to verify that  is to code.
Mount Henry Ave in s ENTIRETY is destroyed.  's in horrible shape from years  neglect.  Every time any delivery vehicles drive by 's followed by a large dust cloud.  The entire road "deck" is completely broken down and blows into  curbs and gutters.   gets tracked into  home.  When sweeper comes 's absolutely miserable for anyone wh respiratory health issues.  Taxes went up; govt services go down.  The Cy is under terrible management.  Never seen anything like  corruption.  But  streets that DO NOT need to be made new are redone anyway!!  Mount Etna in one example.. just weeks ago you resurfaced a road in  neighborhood that was a solid 9 out  10 being best.  Liberal govt = crap service wh huge taxes and costs that usually get doubled or X3 wh over-priced municipal unions.  Break'em up and put workers out re who want to work and perform vs. just managing  union scale -
Large 3x4 pot hole wh debris all over roadway.  This morning a motorcyclist crashed because   debris.
Street is riddled wh pot holes.
Southbound roadway is very bad.  Mission Blvd from Turquoise south to about Emerald in Pacific Beach.
Pothole west bound lane on AvatiJust west  intersection wh Huerfano.
Pothole N/ B Morena right travel lane.
Entire block has damaged asphalt and potholes.  Poorly marked lanes leading to intersection.
1 miles in both directions riddled wh pothole and damaged roadway.  Decades long problem.
From 3111 Camino del rio  going towards Dave & Busters and also towards I 15 as well,   road qualy is not that great. Well s not really bad. But could be made more smoor.
Major losses  surface asphalt westbound Friars Road. Defics range from 1 square foot to 15 ft. all to a depth  1.5-2 inches. Several have been patched and now those patches are breaking down ors are new losses.
Pothole
Pothole
Lots  pot holes
pothole on western part  intersection  ingulf/denver
pothole 25ft south  intersection  clairemont drive and denver st
5800 block  Madison Ave between Alice St and 59th St. Two potholes on  short block. Please repair thank you
two potholes

This continues to spread. Getting too big to avoid. is located at  end   cul de sac  Claremont Mesa blvd. and Marigot pl.Thanks
Riddled wh potholes
VERY LARGE POTHOLES AT 5923, 5940 AND 5961 LA JOLLA SCENIC DR SOUTH. NEEDS ATTENTION ASAP.

potholes are in striping in middle  road
Pothole & large cracks and uneven pavement on Washington street
Pothole & large cracks on Washington street underneath interstate 5 over pass
Pot holes wh asphalt chunks flying up
Robinson Ave East  163 riddled wh potholes from prior sewer/pipe construction from 10th Ave through Park Blvd
There was a collapse in  street a few weeks back and  was patched up, but  patch job is just as bad as a big pothole and is getting worse and needs anor fix.  I have to drive around  because 's so bad.  Please send out a crew to fix  properly to where  won't sink again.
The sreet is full  potholes. Big chunks  asphalt come out. Someone has been trying to put m back as best y can. Surrounding streets were resurfaced last year. Kept waing for our street to be resurfaced but never happened.  desperately needed  n and even more now. Sometimes  asphalt rocks stick up above  street level. My husband rides a motorcycle and  is especially dangerous for him and all or bike riders. The road at  edge  most   driveways is especially worn. Our friend fell f his motorcycle at  edge  our driveway as he  was leaving.. This needs to be fixed asap.  is way overdue.
There are two areas on  spot that were recently repaved (twice) but y didn't do a good job because  is already caving in again and can cause major damage to a car. Can someone please take a look at  and get  patched correctly? Much appreciated!
Pothole was filled, but not all  way. 's still a fairly deep hole that could damage cars driving over .  seems to be getting worse as well.
POTHOLE S/B SOUTH OF SOLOLA ON EUCLID
Large pothole in need  repair on Westbound Rancho Bernardo Rd.  The pothole is 200 to 300 feet west  Summerfield Lane.
Pothole caused by SDG any construction
Pothole caused by SDG&E construction
Pothole
Pothole in  north half   intersection  6th Ave & Universy Ave. 's right by  north pedestrian crosswalk that crosses 6th Ave. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.
Pothole in  middle   street. Has been like  for 7 months. Small street for a two way street
GIANT POTHOLES AT 5835 AND 5827 LA JOLLA MESA.
GIANT POTHOLE IN CROSSWALK AREA. GETTING WORSE.
There was some construction work done on Torrey Meadows Drive and y did a horrible patch job on  street after y cut a hole in .  Now re is a huge pothole/sinkhole in  street and  is destroying cars and vehicles.  Furrmore,  patch is  same color so  is difficult to see  pothole coming especially at night.  's a hazard.
The Cy had to dig under  road last month to repair broken water pipes.  In doing so, y repaved  road after y were done.  For whatever reason, a sinkhole has started to form where y repaved.  This appears to be sinking furr every day and is causing damage to cars who drive through  area.  There is no or way out  our neighborhood or than to drive  street.
HUge Potholes all along willow rd.and up to Bolton Hall Rd. Need repairs ASAP
This street is full  pot holes and y get worse because  is a shortcut for people who go from  Main Street to  elementary. Please fix and please put in a speed bump!
A million potholes in  road
Potholes
Medium pot hole
Pothole, sourn half   intersection adjacent to  crosswalk that crosses Upas St. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.
Pothole in intersection  Utah St at Upas St. On EB lane  Upas St, photo wasn't taken due to driving.
Big drop f between  pavement and  median - gully.  Unsafe at any speed.
A few potholes were fixed on Torrey Meadows Drive and y were not done very well. There is still bumps in  road and I don't feel  is safe for  cars that drive over  everyday. I believe y need to be corrected for safety reasons. I have already had a flat tire from a pothole and I definely do not want  to happen again.
Potholes
Deep pothole right in  middle   street.
Mutliple potholes in both directions  San Pasqual Road & some former patched potholes that need repatched.
Scripps Trail on  section area between Rue de Amis to Timberlake ( area between  two blocks ) is where  road damage is most prevalent and where NO maintenance has ever been done since original construction causing danger to  children walking,biking and driving, back and forth to school.
Terrible Street potholes everywhere
Tons  potholes  street is in terrible condion

3rd report for same hole. Ors around  fixed. This one missed.



Many potholes on Hollister St from Leon Ave to Tocayo Ave
Potholes in transion ramp from EB W. Mission Bay Dr to SB Sunset Cliffs Blvd.
Pothole in  middle   intersection  El Camino Real &  main driveway for Del Mar Highlands Shopping Center. This pothole is in  sourn half   intersection where  NB #1 through lane continues on.
Going north on College Ave towards Universy re are many potholes on  left lane. This street was just resurfaced not long ago. Please repair
Large pothole in  lane
Going south on College Ave on  right lane 2 deep potholes next to entrance to College Grove Shopping Center
Pothole in left lane  Sea World Drive going west before Ingraham spls f.
Not a pothole, a pavement differential in recent Genesee construction area.  This unacceptably dangerous condion is newly created by streets division.    This is in  sharrow lane,  wh no warning to cyclists. Pavement blends so  is difficult to see in advance and resulted in multiple cyclist crash & several near misses.  Lawsu in  making.
Pothole
A pot whole was repaired but not done very well. Very rough on  car when driving over.
Pothole on west bound lane  Maturin Dr across from apartments at 15393 Maturin Dr.
A sinkhole was poorly repaired leaving a large pothole that appears to be still ainking.
Southbound Sea World Drive just after leaving  5-south f ramp, re is a pothole.
Big pot hole
8"x8" Pothole wh 2'x2' section  webbing in street
1'x1 Pothole wh 2'x2' Webbing in  street. NB LANE  Avenida Magnifica, South  Pomerado, 1' from centerline
There are potholes at  bottom   road where hillside meets Tori Pines Road. The money I just about a maple bar sorry mom and a twist in separate backwards and a small cfee
Hay mucha basura en lo callejones y un carro abandonado desde hace mas de un 20 dia

Potholes all along street both sides coming towards and away from school
New pothole south  Baker Street on  east side  Morena Blvd.
Large pothole near bus stop.
Front street is 4924  and alley address is 4926
Potholes swc
Southbound manhole acting like a pothole
There is a tree root that has caused  road to elevate and is a hazard to people as y drive down  hill from Enceila to Brodaiea, onto Romero Drive.   is located near  top  Romero Drive and causes cars to almost come to a stop or drive into oncoming traffic in order to avoid  large bump in  road.  The bump is large enough to cause wheels to go out  alignment.
Pothole
Sink hole( not pot hole,) in middle  street is getting larger and deeper.  Need to come see sooner than later .  Not safe for on coming vehicles.

There is a pothole or sinkhole if you want to call  that just east  Texas Street in  W. Bound Ln. on Madison Avenue as you turn right to enter Texas Street heading north. This hole has been here for years as I have lived in  neighborhood .   presents a serious hazard to bicyclists and will cause los long cars to bottom out damaging ir undercarriages
Pothole at  location.
Pothole circled in by  address listed in  report.
Potholes several
POTHOLE


Huge pothole in  middle   street. Please remove asphalt chunks and pave street.
FECES THROUGHOUT BLOCK
Potholes along  north side  Clairemont Dr in  bicycle lane east  Erie St.
Potholes on  center lane at that spot and in  stretch spanning  3/4  a mile going towards  airport.
Pot holes in  center lane
Asphalt between concrete and asphalt has been broken leaving large, deep gaps that are a fall/trip hazard. Asphalt debris is contaminating storm water. Damage extends in front   following properties: 5426, 5434, 5442 Gala Ave, San Diego 92120.
Pothole
Manhole is sunken; lower than  asphalt by 2".  I was riding my bike  weekend & injured my shoulder, ribs & inner thigh.  The bike h  manhole & I fell.  Please see pictures below.  Location is Blue Lake Dr. & 6200 (block) Lake Ariana.
Pothole northbound lane large and deep enough to catch tire and jolt car.South  Baker street, on Morena  exact address unknown.
The whole road
potholes in front   driveway.
CYCLIST TRIPPED, INJURED ON SUNKEN STORMWTR MANHOLE. PLS SEE ADDTL NOTES***
giant p/h in sb #1 lane. hazard per pd
referred from water dept SR 4148470 confirmed that  is not a wtr issue/wtr main is 6ft f  curb from  west side/storm drain is 12ft f  curb from  west side   streets/collapsing by  side  re  storm drain is/refer to st division to 11-11 and fill /rpr
Large length pothole where Camino Ruiz meets Zapata near corner at cement gutter to asphalt
Crumbling pavement
The street asphalt  is being torn by a tree, re are  very large cracked areas on  street and big bumps on  street that has become hazardous for walking and driving please take care  ,  has been reported before.
CALLER STATES POTHOLE GIVES DIMENSIONS OF SIX INCHES DEEP AND 4 FEET WIDE
Tesoro Drive and Tesoro Court are becoming full  major cracks and holes, making  difficult to drive on  streets.   I've also noticed  street sweeper is tearing up  gutters on both streets.
There is water leaking through  street, which may indicate a busted pipe underground. This could possibly cause a sink hole if not addressed.
An alley north  clairemont mesa Blvd runs east  Genesee to  square is in really bad shapeA lot  potholesI traveled  yesterdayI am hoping  can be fixed
Deep potholes that are causing disruption to traffic and damage to vehicles
Deep potholes that are causing damage to vehicles and disruption  traffic.
Numerous pothole(s). General condion  pavement: poor.
Fairmount south f-ramp to Aldine Dr. Numerous pothole(s). General condion  road surface: poor.
Please patch pot hole in front  8545 Gold Coast Drive. Please repave Gold Coast Drive from Camino Ruiz to Black Mountain. Has not been repaved since s 6/1/1988 (almost 30 years ago!). Break  down into a couple segments if that makes  easier for you. PLEASE DO IT.
Please patch pot hole in front  8545 Gold Coast Drive. Please repave Gold Coast Drive from Camino Ruiz to Black Mountain. Has not been repaved since s 6/1/1988 (almost 30 years ago!). Break  down into a couple segments if that makes  easier for you. PLEASE DO IT.
There are multiple pot holes all along  length  Scripps Trail from Timberlake south for 2 blocks. This stretch  Scripps Trail has never been resurfaced in  30+ years I have lived at my address and I only recall a single slurry seal being completed. There are multiple dips in  roadway which are dangerous to vehicles, motorcycles and bicycle riders.
Many potholes
sunken monument lid in  intersection
The pothole is in  north bound lane  Denver St at Lister Street.   is immediately  north   intersection.
The pothole is in  northbound lane  Morena Blvd between McGraw Street and Baker Street.   is about 1/3   distance north  McGraw, about  3000 block.
There several Clean Outs lids missing in  alley. I'm afraid kids will break ir legs while playing. I have called twice before and nothings has changed.
Dangerous pothole in crosswalk
There are pot holes and 's a danger to children
Tons  potholes and street in very poor condion
Tons  potholes, uneven pavement, street in poor condions
Bad street on Euclid from wightman to corner  Home Ave & 3000 Euclid
Potholes, rough asphalt, more than 25 cones missing, damaged or hard to read traffic signs.  This left turn lane is and have been for more n 20 years very dangerous.
Turning left onto Paseo Lucido from Avenida Venusto, pothole in lane.
Going north on Fairmount Ave, pothole in between  Toyota and Honda Dealerships
Large pot hole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole/sinkhole in parking lot area  2144 Pan American West.  is undetermined if  is just a pothole or sinkhole. Needs to be exposed and checked for compaction.
There are many potholes and cracks at  steep and busy intersection {Alameda and Henry).  The rest  Alameda was repaved, I don't know why  part was left in s current condion.  Perhaps  is scheduled for repaving in  near future?
There are multiple potholes along Gold Coast Drive in front  Mason Elementary. Please repave Gold Coast Drive from Camino Ruiz to Black Mountain. Has not been repaved since s 6/1/1988 (almost 30 years ago!). Break  down into a couple segments if that makes  easier for you. PLEASE DO IT.
Many potholes
POTHOLES
The street has some major issues here. s uneven and has potholes. The light is also out when you're on Palm Street.
The street has some major issues here. s uneven and has potholes. The light is also out when you're on Palm Street.
The street has some major issues here. s uneven and has potholes. The light is also out when you're on Palm Street.
On December 5th I h a pothole that ripped a hole in my tire. Scary!I believe  was  plate sized jagged one in  passing lane heading South on College ave right by  ex for 8 east. 's before  traffic light. There are a lot  m in that area. Some are long jagged cracks, ors are holes. They are hard to see unless your looking for m.I drive back and forth on that stretch almost everyday taking my kids to school and have for years. I would love to see all  m filled for peace  mind.I can't take a picture. Too dangerous.Thank you.
Hole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole on west bound lane  Maturin drive close to Intersection wh Silver Buckle Way.
About 30 potholes
Major pothole on South Mission at  intersection   W. Mission Bay Dr. Hole is in  2nd lane from  corner in one   2 southbound lanes right at  stop line. Been re for 6 months +. Please fill asap please.  Thanks !
Most  Shawline Street from Clairemont Bl to Ronson Rd especially from Wal Mart to Clmt Mesa Bl is in absolute horrible condion wh horrible pot holes, pot hole patches, raised concrete lateral repairs, etc and needs immediate new asphalt overlay. Road is not safe to drive on. Slurry is not acceptable. Please lay new asphalt asap on  highly traveled dangerous roadway. Thanks !
Small pothole s along  stretch  road. In front  Valencia Park Elementary .
Potholes westbound in front  Valencia Park Elementary
Fuga de agua
Numerous potholes and street damage on Scripps Trail, between Rue de Amis to Timberlake.  Please provide repair.
Pothole
Pothole
Large pothole
Hey he pothole about 4' in diameter and 6" deep
There is a large dip on  eastbound side   52, between Convoy and I-15. 's worse in  left lane. 's so bad that I fear  will ruin my struts and shocks if I continue to commute over  every weekday. Thank you.
Large pothole east bound lanes
Badly damaged block as you approach Universy.  Far right lane is particularly bad.  Uneven and rough asphalt.
Badly damaged and rough asphalt under  Washington St bridge.   Potholes and falling rocks, sand and debris on  right side.   20 year problem.
Potholes at bus stop and in street at  corner  Appleton and Genesee Ave.
Pothole and deteriorating asphalt at  corner  Adams Ave and N. Talmadge Dr.
Deep, sunken parts   road
LOTS OF POTHOLES IN WHOLE INTERSECTION. STREET DEPARTMENT ONLY REPAIRED HALF OF THE STREET.
This problem has been reported before,  is no longer a pothole but now a huge sinkhole!! This cant be missed as you have to swerve to avoid ! This problem is right in front  289 euclid ave, sinkhole is next to a drain cover on  street
On 49th Ave block side  Ralph's parking lot..:too many holes for my wheelchair to navigate !
Pot hole in middle  street
Pot hole in middle  street
Devastated intersection, potholes, missing asphalt. ALL lanes in all directions including turn lanes.   15 year problem.
Slow lane east bound
Pot hole center  street
Right lane heading West by Grocery Outlet
Big pot hole **** hazard for  people also walking
Multiple potholes along southbound Kearny Mesa Rd. between Ollo Ave and Convoy St.
Potholes near  center   intersection  Stalmer Street and Linda Vista Rd.
In intersection and on south bound Clmt Dr.
Pot hole in  north bound right lane  Clairemont Drive just south   fire hydrant.
This whole neighborhood is starting to fall apart.  Frequent tagging, abandoned vehicles, and  main road San Vicente St is in disrepair.  There are a lot  potholes popping up and tons  cracks are developing, if you don't believe me, maybe I'll start to send  cy bills for new tires and a alignment. HA!  I didn't know about  image upload section, maybe I'll fill out anor one  se wh photos later.
The road condion is very bad on both side   Poway road from  I-15 ex to  border  Poway cy.   needs  new asphalt real bad.
Hello, my family lives in PQ and I regularly vis Carmel Mtn. Ranch to run errands, etc. On several occasions, I've driven down Rancho Carmel Drive, and 's a wreck. The whole road is in a state  disrepair wh so many potholes, faded striping, and cracks that I lerally slow down my car. This road needs some attention immediately. I'm surprised  street hasn't been attended to considering 's right f  Carmel Mt. Road.  Thank you in advance for reading!Suzette
I'm referring to Kearney Villa Rd. between Spectrum Center Blvd and Complex Dr., and Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Chesapeake Dr. These sections  Kearney Villa Rd. have been torn up for about a year for water main replacement. This area has recently been covered wh a slurry tar coat. This surface is very poor and very bumpy especially along  portion that will become a bicycle lane. Before  contract is approved  should be inspected by  cy. While  looks smooth to motor vehicle drivers  is far from smooth and in places unsafe for bicycles.   is actually in poorer condion n before  work was started. I would hope that  expectations   cy is to have  road as good as if not better n before a contractor starts tearing  up.
LARGE POTHOLE

Enormous pothole in concrete street
Huerfano Ave South bound

POTHOLES IN 2 LANES E/B IMPERIAL
The exposed and unused train tracks that cross Pacific Hwy at  location on  southbound side are a hazard for vehicles. When driving at or below  speed lim, vehicles will violently bounce when driving over se tracks, which are very hard to see at night. This could cause severe shock, tire, or or damage. Drivers that know  tracks are re will slow down to 10 or 15 mph, which is also a hazard since someone may rear-end m as y slow down.  is a very busy road, and a large hazard to  safety   drivers.
More like depressions in  asphalt than potholes. Next to  gutter in  right hand turn lane from LJV east to Town Centre Dr.
2 giant potholes wh gravel crumbling f into street.
 pothole is just getting started at  entrance to  alley between A and B Street.  I drive re everyday and 's very hard to avoid.
Pothole
Along Morena on both sides  Tecolote  street is torn up wh pot holes and bumps that are very hard on vehicles and  part  Morena is very heavily traveled.
ASPHALT COMING APART ABOUT 20 FT SOUTH OF INTERSECTION

POTHOLES
Potholes right before stop sign
Deep potholes on right near Shell.  Chronic problem for more than 20 years.
Lots  potholes throughout kins ave, needs new pavement
Lots  potholes and a vertical bump instead  a horizontal bump on all  rchy st , needs new pavement
Please patch pot hole in front  8628 Gold Coast Drive. Please repave Gold Coast Drive from Camino Ruiz to Black Mountain. Has not been repaved since s 6/1/1988 (almost 30 years ago!). Break  down into a couple segments if that makes  easier for you. PLEASE DO IT.
Eider street is not well maintained when  comes to streets. 5 potholes in front  my house and wh rains y will get worse. Furr  is a blind corner that hardly allows passing room. If someone swerved to avoid a pothole  could be dangerous.
Pothole in middle  intersection  Grape and 28th Street.
There is a pothole right outside our house that needs to be filled.
Pothole on  south side   intersection  East Canterbury Dr and Edgeware Rd.
Multiple severe potholes up and down  block.  Chunks  asphault scattered from previous patches.  Ongoing issue
Pothole in west bound lane. 3 more potholes pn New Salem east   1st one.

I reported  last time you asked and was told  would be repaired in Oct  2016.  The stretch  road between SR 56 and Carmel Mtn Rd, especially just south  Shoal Creek Drive is downright treacherous to drive on.  We have to drive in  bike lane to avoid our cars being rattled to death.   has been reported on  Turko Files on Channel 9 news... Still nothing is being done... wires can be seen on  road!
The streets needs to be resurfaced. The roads is stripped at  seams!! Huge hazard!!!!!!
Burteck construction pot hole steel cover/plate is NOISEY and uneven. Creates louds banging noise when cars driven over . Busy intersection, very noisy. Please have m adjust  plate.  Cypress and Florida st
Pothole
There is an accumulation  about 15-23 small potholes where Barnett street leads onto  5 South ramp (just before  cement portion   onramp).  These potholes in  right lane as  road heads to 5 South are growing toger to form a large crater.   is very rough on a car, and will likely send a motorcycle into a spin.  I know  is a busy road, but or busy roads have been closed to one lane so roadwork can happen.  PLEASE FIX THIS NOW!

If  cy will no resurface or repave  street please fix all  potholes, bumps, and uneven pavement on  entire block please thank you
If  cy will not resurface or repave  street please fix all  potholes, bumps, and uneven pavement on  entire block please thank you
Right lane at  corner  San Diego Mission Rd wh Mission Village Dr were  traffic is at  stadium. Uneven pavement on  right lane mostly due to  gasoline trucks turning right. Please repair
Pothole on  on ramp to Fairmount
UNACCEPTABLE for San Diego! I have reported  numerous times and one patch job was done which resulted in  even bigger pothole!!! Are we going to wa until  simply becomes a hole?
Pothole on westbound lane  Nautilus by Mirola
Hi. Im a mom  4 kids. We had just moved onto  culdesac 1mo ago. And  would be a real nice to see  road get repaved since re is potholes and uneven gravel all over. My kids want to play outside but dont want to slip do to  bad surface. Can you please repave  for our communy.
Large pothole where students walk and bike to school. Also what is  status   crosswalk that was requested here?
pothole beginning to form on  left side   lane going southbound. cars are already beginning to avoid . i have input  marker on  map.
Pot holes next to SDG&E vault
Large ruts across street
Pothole as you turn from Nobel on to Towne Center.
CRACKS, POTHOLES
POTHOLE ON NORTH SIDE OF STREET
Several potholes from Gina PL down to  Euclid Ave
Pothole
Pothole

Pothole
There is an exposed utily trench in an alleyway between 50th St. and Altadena Ave. The exposure is located where  alleyway intersects wh Madison.The exposed trench caused damage to a private cizen's car and he?s requested that  Cy repair and cover  so  doesn?t cause any or damage. Could you help get a team out to check  out? Thanks!
left lane dch, pothole
pothole between revillo way and revillo drive as you are turning right onto revillo way
The road is one giant pothole
Potholes and damage asphalt on Miramar RD.  Also large piles  trash and shopping cart on right side  EB Miramar RD
Pothole
Heading east on Aero Dr potholes on  main street going eastbound
The asphalt that was installed over a utily trench has settled.  Water might be leaking underneath causing  settlement.  The location is on  J Street side   big yellow Pinnacle Tower.
3 to 4 inch drop in concrete in  cy owned alley located north  4510 El Cerro Drive, san Diego, CA 92115. This is a major trip hazard,  and many people who travel here are in re 80s and 90s.
Pothole
Pothole
Large and deep pothole in front  Burbank Elementary
Manhole middle  street 2.5" above street level causing cars damage.
I?ve reported  pothole in front  my house twice now and y have changed  status to ?closed? each time. But, nothing has been done.They should add or statuses like ?Completed? or ?Deferred? or ?Fixed? or ?Not Worthy?. ?Closed? by self, wh no explanation doesn?t get .

Two pothole reported earlier but still noy fixed
Growing bigger. Large chunks  asphalt being thrown.
There's a large road crack getting worse from curb to curb, approaching two inches in width. Wont be good when rains come.Thanks and Merry Christmas
Trolly line whin Intersection is in horrible shape. Must slow down to 5mph simple to cross.
There's 2 large bigger than potholes, holes at  cross streets  Mira Mesa Blvd and Camino Ruiz. 's when you are on Camino Ruiz going South and making a right  on to East Mira Mesa Blvd at  light. You cannot miss .. Cars before me would drive around . And many time I'd have to drive right through  and risk damaging my tires and car.  is dangerous and a liabily to  safety  drivers.
POTHOLES   E/B IMPERIAL MAKING A RIGHT ONTO  63RD, CAUSED DAMAGE TO HIS CAR
POTHOLE
POTHOLE IN FRONT OF HIGH SCHOOL
Same pothole that wasnt fixed and yet y closed  previous call  PLEASE FIX
Norast corner  Market and Union

Far right lane going north, lane that turns into 8 East. Oppose  grassy area. There is a deep sunk in  asphalt. 's again on  far right lane going north on Fairmount after Montezuma Rd
Please fill and improve area going up  hill. Needs to be filled!
Potholes in  northbound #2 lane in  3700-3749 block  Rosecrans St.
CROSS STREET MONROE & PARK
Clairemont Mesa Blvd, (west  Santo Road) a couple feet west  where  entrance lane starts to turn into Vons.  Large pothole in left lane eastbound and a few smaller ones.
GOING IN BOTH DIRECTIONS ON LONGFORD & BARSTOW
Pothole was repaired,  repair resulted in a even larger bump than what was previously re. Damage resulted to my right front rim.
Pothole in  northbound lane in  4900 block  Longford St. in Clairemont.
The entire length  Carnton Way from Graciosa to Devereux/Fairhope is full  potholes, stripped asphalt, cracks and water damage.  In many places  asphalt is completely gone, and re is a lot  gravel and rock chunks all over  street.  This street has never been repaved in 30 years.  Not only is  unsafe for bicycles, motorcycles and vehicles, but s extremely bad condion is affecting property values.  Turko from KUSI has put  on  Worst Streets  San Diego.
Severe pavement deterioration; loose, stball sized pieces sting surface.
Damaged asphalt

Eastbound Clairemont left lane
Damaged asphalt on WB Washington at 5Th right turn near hospal.
Band damaged asphalt and potholes from 8th all  way to 4TH on WB Washington.
Potholes
Potholes
  corner  Riverdale (south) and Friars (west) re is a hole at  handicap ramp.  is a hazard for anyone using  ramp. Cyclists using  ramp to press  crosswalk button can h  hole and fall into traffic.
This is  beginning  a suspected sinkhole. I hope  doesn't swallow anyone.
APPROX ADDRESS TWO POTHOLES BEFORE ENTERING LEMON GROVE S/B

This pothole near  driveway   address is very large and when a car hs   pieces  asphalt bounce up and het  car or bounces away and hs or cars.
Huge potholes in west bound left lane
In  left turn lane
Pothole in  path   right wheel  cars turning from southbound Sixth Avenue to westbound Quince Street
Pothole in  middle   intersection
Pothole
Badly damaged asphalt, constant flooding, and potholes.  16 years and counting.
Terrible potholes all over harbor drive in both directions for miles.
Going east on Montezuma Rd. PLEASE REPAIR ALL THE POTHOLES ON BOTH LANES. Big and small spread out through  street from Fairmount all  way to Collwood Blvd. thank you
POTHOLE, NORTHBOUND ON SABRE SPRINGS PKWY, JUST BEFORE CREEKBRIDGE PL.
NUMEROUS   POTHOLES
Pothole
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POT ON 36TH ST IN THE SOUTH BOUND LANE PRIOR TO THE INTERSECTION.
There is a pothole in  middle   intersection   1650 block  Klauber and  1700 block  tix in Encanto.
Pot holes in front  ecology scrap yard
Large pothole in westbound, far right lane  El Cajon Blvd., right at Hamilton Street
One pothole in westbound lane
One pothole in eastbound lane
Multiple.
pot hole
Sinkhole forming in front  house. Please come evaluate and repair road. Sinkhole is about 2 feet wide by 6 feet in length about 6 inches deep right now. Small hole is forming by concrete strip near curb line.
large, deep, wide pothole in from  6535 Avenida Wilfredo where concrete surface joins asphalt.  Damaged my tire.
large wide pothole in concrete surface in North bound lane  Via Estrada in front  6665 address.  Several more whin 50 feet in each direction.  Dangerous and damaging.  Please repair asap
PER CONSUMER MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON EUCLID & UNIVIERSITY
Multiple potholes heading east up to Fairfield st.
Streets in disarray. Potholes everywhere
The street has multiple pot holes and ruts

Tire size hole jars car if h,  in street South bound and south end  home.  Also two smaller pot holes southbound in front  or towards  end  next door neighbors home.   Second two not as bad yet.
On  western end  Lusk Blvd near where  light is. The hole has been growing for a few months now. s starting to get large enough to do damage. I think everyone drives around  right now but  won't be an option whout risking safety once rain starts to fall and expands  hole much quicker.
Large pothole in middle  road. Both sides  road are affected.
2ND REQUEST  FOR POTHOLE
1701-1731 Plum St,POTHOLES

Y'all need to repave Flanders and Gold Coast.  getting ridiculous having to post se al  time. The cy councilman's fice ignored me.





POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Pothole

Pothole in  east bound lane  Clairemont Drive between Galveston Street and Hartford Street
Trench left unrepaired from earlier work multiple weeks ago.  Also unrepaired "potholes" from same work on Westonhill south  Flanders.
Lots  big pot holes on Thermal Avenue between Coronado Av/Elm Av.  This a public safety issue.  Please repair quickly.  Thank you.
Lots  Pot Holes and Large crumpled asphalt on Elm Av between Saturn Bl/18th St.  This is a Public Safety Issue.  Please repair quickly.  Thank you.
Lots  high raised cracks on Santo in  right lane just before  east 52 entrance.
You guys closed my ticket (00219986) wh a crappy, sloppy patchwork, which fixes only a couple   many potholes, and which will get washed away in one rain.Carnton Way is still a piece  mess. Also, you gave no information as to when  is going to be repaved. Please treat  service request more seriously, as orwise you will be held liable if some mishap occurs on Carnton Way due to bad road condions.Please see Turko Files for  dilapidated patic condion  Carnton Way, no addional imaging is necessary.
Pot hole on Imperial ave at  corner  30th st towards  right side   lane. Broken concrete. Bigger than a basketball and que deep...
potholes still re
Westbound 32nd street right after nex entrance.
Pothole
Large bump on  southbound lane next to  elementary school close to  corner please repair
Street is uneven at  intersection  54th St and Adams Ave. Exactly in  middle   intersection please repair thank you

Severely deep potholes throughout  entire block, leaving all  way out to  public parking lot at  South Mission Beach jetty east  Mission Boulevard
Pothole in street causes damage and/or causes cars to swerve and is a traffic hazard.
Large pothole in left lane  west-bound RB Rd , 75 ft. west  intersection wh Pomerado Rd.
There is a pothole as you turn right from Shawline St onto Clairemont Mesa Blvd heading West.
There is a pothole in front  11202 Ganesta Road.
In front  house 1319 29th St some roots   nearby tree pushed up  tarmac. A relatively sharp edge formed which could be dangerous to tires, especially motorcycle tires. If that could be leveled again, that would be great! Damage is even visible on google maps!
Two large potholes on coast walk   One is at  entrance and or one is twenty feet from Torrey pines   I live at 1523 coast walk and my cars and my back are taking hell  a beating. Please fix m as soon as possible. Thanks  dr Narla
Hi I just moved to  street and re are several areas that need repair, wh cracks, potholes, and buckling. Also, cars drive very fast on  street. Is re a way to add speed bumps? Or one  those speed measuring devices that flashes so drivers slow down? Thanks!
large potholes a intersection
The intersection  Sorrento Valley Rd and Sorrento Valley Blvd is baldy damaged, has potholes, and deep ruts, and raised areas.  Cars are slowing down dramatically because   bad damage.   Intersection on Roselle, just a block away is just as bad.
Several holes and uneven pavement. Please repair.
Very rough road wh holes and dips on ex from 805 south to home avenue. Thanks.
Serious dip in road near curb in front  house--potential to cause serious tire damage
Potholes
Potholes
Numerous potholes old railroad tracks from Pacific Highway at Washington street to Columbia
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
lots  potholes just east  intersection and west  intersetion
Pothole on Reo Dr before turning right on Parkside Ave.
Potholes
Pothole
Large sunken pothole in intersection
Potholes in all 3 lanes  EB Clairemont Mesa Blvd from  point all  way to  intersection wh Convoy St.
In  left lane re's a bunch  potholes down  hole two roads
Two large pot holes on coast walk one at entrance   road as you enter from Torrey pines road and anor one 30 feet in. Lot  damage to cars and my lower back. Please try to fix m as soon as possible thanks
Cracked "crown" surrounding manhole cover in right lane  WB Miramar Rd.
Big pot holes in front  chicken restaurant right behind  Brake shop
Our street is in terrible condion and deteriorating quickly. I noticed some markings on  street yesterday. Were y done by your division?  I have a picture attached. Thanks.
Large pot hole
Please patch pot hole in front  8545 Gold Coast Drive. Please repave Gold Coast Drive from Camino Ruiz to Black Mountain. Has not been repaved since s 6/1/1988 (almost 30 years ago!). Break  down into a couple segments if that makes  easier for you. PLEASE DO IT.
Pothole at edge  cross gutter
right lane
Third request for  potholes at  corner  El Paseo Grande and Vallecos, La Jolla, CA 92037 please repair se potholes y're causing damage to vehicles.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Approximately 16? diameter pot hole oIn middle  road.
The whole road is a giant pothole
In  alley behind Amparo?s home (3776 Florence St)  street has major pot holes. Two people including herself have fallen down in  alley. She would like  street repaired.
POTHOLES IN THE SURROUNDING THREE BLOCKS
Pothole
Pothole
Open hole on street. One foot deep.
Badly damaged asphalt on Dove.  10 year problem.







Potholes and constant flooding.  20 year problem.

Sagging asphalt







Badly damaged asphalt

potholes in middle   street
potholes in middle   street
potholes in middle   street
potholes in middle   street
potholes in middle   street
potholes in middle   street
Potholes
Potholes

Damaged asphalt
Badly damaged asphalt on Washington where  meets  bride decades  pilling asphalt have left a large unintentional speed bump that cars are slowing down for.  All asphalt j bridge in both directions is damage.
A very large pothole that I have seen people trip into and I personally have been h by flying asphalt when a car has driven into .  The pothole is located in  alley behind 3535 Luna Ave and Clairemont Mesa (Pocahontas and Moraga are  cross streets)   seems to becoming a safety issue
Holes in middle  street
Pothole in  east bound lane. thank you
in  west bound lane. thank you
Crack in pavement inside crosswalk caused me to twist my ankle and fall Vermont street at universy. West side crosswalk (north/south)

The road is cracking and sinking. I drive over  everyday, and have watched  get worse over  last 2-3 years.
Pothole  strip  repair assphalt coming up to trip bicycles.  9359 Black Hills Way.
Old patch on  pothole is sinking again
3rd avenue between redwood and quince is in terrible condion causing damage yo our vehicles and a trip hazard on a busy pedestrian area. Also  is a one way wh minimal signage- please fix  street and add better signage as many people drive  wrong way on third wh many near misses
west bound on Sea World Dr.,  pothole in fast lane (left lane), about 50 ft before  intersection wh Sea World Way (S. Shores Rd.) needs to be filled up please.
WORST POTHOLES IN SAN DIEGO
IS INCREASINGLY GETTING LARGER
Crumbling asphalt, growing hole in crosswalk.
Large pothole in middle  road in from  6730 Via Estrada.  Several ors in close proximy
Large pothole next to sewer manhole.
Crosswalk on  west side  Montezuma and College. Oppose  Epic Wings & Things on  corner. Potholes on  crosswalk going west on Montezuma Rd
Pothole.  Road  is bad
Potholes. All along  road.... s bad
Pothole in  middle  intersection  imperial and 28th, continuing to get larger
Pot hole, pre sinkhole on north side  Carmel Mountain easy toward Del Mar Mesa.
6900 block  la jolla blvd. both east and west side road pot holes along curbs.
Pothole in  westbound lane.
HAZARDOUS POTHOLE W BOUND ON BALBOA CENTER LANE  BETWEEN MT ABERNATHY & GENESEE
Several potholes that are a chronic problem for several years. Somebody keeps filling m wh asphalt but  never lasts very long. Needs to be fixed permanently.
Pothole
Sinkhole forming , pd standing by closing north scripps  poway parkway .
Multiple potholes, cracked Street
Street all torn up in front  house
Potholes and uneven street on 59th St. Please repair thank you
Potholes and uneven street on 59th St. Please repair thank you
Potholes and uneven street on 59th St. Please repair thank you
Potholes and uneven street on 59th St. Please repair thank you


Pothole at  end   alley next to  property located at 511 Cesar E. Chavez Parkway
MULTIPLE people injured by all  potholes in  SDCCU Stadium parking lot. Currently a lot  m getting hurt during  Global Winter Wonderland event.
DEEP LARGE CRACKS ON AVNDA MARBELLA (BETWEEN CTE DE CASARES &  VIA DUADALMINA)
Massive pothole in SB Kettner at Juniper crosswalk.
Lateral trench patch just south  Juniper across Kettner.
Road is splting wh large pothole (approximately 3 feet wide) in front  2233 Cardinal Dr. This is on a safe walk to school (see photo, yellow school road sign). The large pothole deteriorated today, wh 2 more chunks in  road, causing vehicles to swerve, potentially endangering elementary school children on ir way to school. The pothole was reportedly reported more than 6 months ago by anor neighbor. Is re a cause for delay for  deteriorating condion? Thanks for your help.
60th to 63 th &  broadway , tc construction completed pipe replacement an resurface street 6 month a go in may.   now already has potholes,  is  sloppy work  contractors ,acceptable in souast but not in la jolla ? where is  oversight    tc  low bid a bet  has or  complains , so not need for  qualy control .  question why have not any or san diego cy gov representative ie:     police ,trash truck, water department  have not reported potholes y drive over?we  souast will not complain like la jolla but we  deserver better
Several areas where street is breaking and creating potholes.
There are two potholes in  far right two lanes  west bound Camino Del Norte about half way between Paseo Montanoso and Bernardo Center Dr.
There is a pothole in  middle   intersection  Bernardo Center Dr and Camino Del Norte.
Large Pothole and also rough, uneven road repair over water line crossing Kettner at Juniper. This is a dangerous suation for bicycles and motorcycles which could cause a crash and could damage cars as well.
Large hole in  far right hand lane  Northbound Lake Murray between Navajo and Ferguson Way/Turnbridge.
Pothole
Badly damaged asphalt
Potholes all along  street all  way to 5th.
Pothole in front  Montgomery High School
Pothole and crumbling asphalt
Big ol pothole in center east bound lane and outer lane next to cement cover
Many large cracks that need to be filled.
large pothole east bound lane  9116 Three Seasons Road..chunks   asphalt are present.
POTHOLES ALL ALONG CMNO RUIZ
corner  tulane and occidental
LARGE POTHOLE
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Potholes on  transion ramp from Mission Village Dr to westbound Friars Rd.
Numerous potholes on Navajo Rd between Waring and Margerum
Numerous potholes on Navajo between Parkridge and Margerum
Giant pothole caused flat tire
Morningside st is in extremly poor condion which you are fully aware  OCI rated 2011 poor 2015 poor yet Reo dr and Reo ter OCI rated good in 2015 was repaved in 2017.I have requested repairs since 2013 n 2017 you repaired only a portion  street but avoided 1 block which has huge pot holes more than 3" deep,aligator cracking,cracks in front  broken where connects to gutters and sidewalk,grass and plants growing through out cracks street surface holes in front and inside storm drains but your survey done in 2014 shows no exing sidewalks or storm drains?I have requested information why you are avoiding repairs on street is re issues wh pipes under pavement wh no response.Neighbor across  street stated that storm drain has in outlet that dumps water in canyon behind homes huge trees and neighbors back yard falling looks like start  a sinkhole which not only homes are in dangers but also human lives I hope I'm wrong.
Potholes on  median line on  street. Several  m
Going north on Collwood Blvd (east side) deep pothole on  asphalt.
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole


Pothole
Multiple. Street is really bad.
Pothole in  middle   street at Cardinal Ave
Pothole in  middle   street
Large potholes near wash rack entrance
The alley between La Jolla Cove and Girard Ave is in poor condion. There are numerous potholes and several uneven points  concrete wh gaps  1.5" or greater.
There continues to be damaged asphalt and deep holes in  intersection.
Badly damaged asphalt
Badly damaged  asphalt in intersection too.
Pothole BET 4450-4699
Pothole
Asphalt potholes  all lanes both directions  Gennesee between Linda Vista Rd  &  Richland Street
This street is a mess  between Mira Mesa Blvd and Flanders Dr.   South  Flanders was fixed in 2017 along wh numerous streets in  neighborhood but  section was skipped.  The asphalt is cracked everywhere and numerous potholes exist.
Multiple potholes/uneven pavement.
Asphalt pothole  1001  Hornblend     (  East Bound lane  South lane )
street in need  immediate repair ,potholes causing asphalt to launch chunks  broken debris impacting cars and personnel
Pot holes wh asphalt coming out .
Huge pothole right at  entrance
LARGE POTHOLE. ABOUT A QUARTER MILE WEST OF PARK RIDGE
Large pot hole in right lane  northbound Morena Blvd. approximately 1/2 mile before Baker St.
Right in front  home and some starting down  street, creating rocks passing cars shoot rocks towards homes and cars
Potholes amidst  alligator cracking between Section J4 & J5 in stadium parking lot
Pothole in close to Section H1  Stadium parking lot, between Section H1 & J1
Multiple potholes, road cracking, pting, rutting and unsafe condions. There have been accidents, vehicle damage, pedestrians h. How much needs to happen before you re-pave  road??? This is a major thoroughfare for semi trucks and commercial vehicles as well as personal vehicles. Re_pave  road.
There?s a lot  potholes on my street.
Large broken depression from school bus wheelsEntire street has many broken potholes from school bus traffic
SB #1 lane has large square chunk taken out from rain, sharp edges
Number 1 westbound lane
Pothole
There is a pothole in  location discribed. When cars h ,  asphalt flies
Asphalt is so broken up that underlying dirt is exposed. A lot  debris around  area.
From: Marx, Gloria [mailto:Gloria.Marx@sdcounty.ca.gov] Sent: Friday, December 29, 2017 8:53 AMTo: TSW Street Service <Street_Service@sandiego.gov>Subject: Pothole - Camino del Sur and Camino Santaluz SurConstuent left a message  morning that re is a pot hole on Camino del Sur, south  Camino Santaluz Sur, in  #2 lane.Francis Whe619-726-7406Thank you.Gloria Marx, Office Support SpecialistDepartment  Public Works, Transportation Division
Large length pothole when turning onto Zapata from Camino Ruiz where asphalt meets gutter s about 3ft longThis has been sent in 2x and BOTH times  was closed whout repair???? 150000866177, and 150000864505
Porthole at 49th St and Date St.   Stop sign going in southbound direction
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Pot hole on Mallard and Pilot Way
Large sinkhole in  middle   street next to a storm drain. My neighbor tripped and fell and broke her arm. 's a hazard to  public and continues to sink.
One block  69th St from El Cajon Blvd to Mohawk St is crumbling. There is lot  traffic on that block, which is a short cut to El Cajon Blvd from  70th St.  In addion to homes, re are businesses: a church, car wash and car dealership on that crumbling street and also a school on  next block north.  Please fix  road before someone or some car gets hurt.  Thank you.
Huge potholes.
Storm drain cover popped up causing damage to vehicle  ne corner   intersection
This portion  33rd St is dangerous for anyone crossing as  road is coming up in multiple places.  This is particularly bad and dangerous
8800 Block  Lake Murray Blvd, between Navajo Road and Turnbridge Way.  Northbound side about two thirds   way between Navajo Road and Turnbridge Way.
Pothole in EB lane
Street in bad shape wh multiple potholes and deteriorated road repairs
Steele plate was moved that was placed over manhole.  Pd placed two cones .
Crack in middle  street has resulted in large pothole opening up in front.  Large asphalt pieces continue to come up.  Street is in residential area, but highly traveled street as a result  Chaparral Elementary School's back entrance located at top  Montero Road.
P/H
P/H
This area  Roescrans Street and intersection was just repaved beautifully. 1st time in over twenty years. Some agency came a ripped open three areas (no clean asphalt cuts), that have now turned into potholes. The three holes are now sinking damaging tires and shock absorbers. What a shame. Why are streets in San Diego abused  way?
P/H
ST IS 8" SUNKEN BELOW ST LEVEL
The road on Boulder Lake Ave. between Tommy Drive and Highwood has been needing repair for 8 years at least.  Turko from Channel 51 was out here a year ago and said our street was one   worst In San Diego.  He was told you would be out here in May 2017 to repair.  There has been no repairs.    is so bad you have to drive in oppose lane to dodge  multiple holes that are damaging my car.
Several potholes through out  street between e harbor Dr and  BNSF railroad tracks

Numerous decades old potholes in  intersection.
Numerous potholes, rough asphalt, and near constant flooding at 1St and Laurel.  This is a 15 year problem and  name and address   water waster have been provided to  cy more than 18 times over those 15 years.
Badly damaged asphalt
Numerous potholes in  intersection in both directions.
  bus stop re is a large pothole that is getting deeper and deeper.   This pothole could possibly cause damage to a bus tire if  keeps spreading.
PER SDPD LARGE DEPRESSION IN STREET POSSIBLE SINK HOLE FORMING


Entire cy block wh missing asphalt and large sections   crib missing.




Badly damaged asphalt


Man hole cover f.
The street is very uneven in  Western Side   street headed South before you come to  light.  IT HAS BEEN VERY BAD FOR A LONG TIME..  The Eastern lane is also a ltle bad.....
Very bad pothole Robinson westbound at 8th street
Deepening cracks in  street along wh crumbling curb
Pothole
Pot hole in front  7549 Blue Lake Drive 92119. Right next to man hole cover.
PER SDPD 12-18" HAZARDOUS POTHOLE
Large pothole
Big chunks  asphalt missing where asphalt meets concrete at base  hill.
Potholes in center westbound lane
Pothole that ruined my suspension where can I make a claim?
Cy crew recently repaired excessive water problem around center divide at intersection  El Cajon Blvd-west / 52nd Street. However, two potholes covered in left-turn lane now feel like a curb if you drive over m.
Very deep pothole! Easily a couple feet square and splting f in two sections. If any rain comes soon 'll be worse for sure. Right side   lane.
Boulder Lake Ave, crumbling surface wh continuous potholes from Navajo north to Barker Way.
Pothole in center  street
Intersection  Paseo Dorado and Lowry Terrace
There is a significant pothole right in front  my driveway where  pavement drops around 4 inches.  Since my drive is a steep incline,  pothole causes my car to scrape  pavement when coming home or leaving.
One  two pot holes whin 59'  each or.
One  two potholes whin 50 ft  each or.   This was  prep reported a couple month ago wh no repair.
BAD POTHOLE
Pot hole looks like  was repaired very recently. Fist size  asphalt chunks broke out immediately. When cars rode over  pieces were shot out from underneath  tires not sure if any cars were damaged. But complete waste  time and money.

Pothole on navajo
Pothole on Navajo
Pothole on Navajo
Pothole on Navajo
Pothole on Navajo
2 Potholes on Navajo
2 Pothole on Navajo
4 Potholes on Navajo
Pothole on Navajo
Pothole on Navajo
Pothole on Navajo
6 Pothole on Navajo
Pothole on Navajo
3 long Pothole on Navajo
Pothole on boulder lake
Pothole on Boulder lake
Pothole on Boulder lake
Pothole on Boulder lake
Pothole on Boulder lake
FULL OF POTHOLES BEWTEEN JOANNA DR &  WOODROW ON MINERVA WANTS THEM ALL FILLED
Manhole cover is missing between Car and Rous.
Large pothole southbound on golfcrest.You can hear  cars tires as y j  hole...betting bigger by  day
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes.  Also newly laid whe strips are smeared all over.
Very badly damaged and uneven asphalt in  intersection.  Cars slowing to avoid damaging ir vehicles I causing major traffic jams.   15 year problem.
The pothole is near  intersection  Alta View Drive  cross street is 6700 Paris Way. The pothole is located as you drive east on  2600 block  Alta View Drive.Thank you,
POTHOLES AT INTERSECTION
Eastbound Lanes  Carmel Valley Road exactly in  intersection wh Black Mountain Road has a serious dip and rise in . when travel through ,  almost sends your car airborne.
LARGE POTHOLE, S/B CAM RUIZ RIGHT BEFORE CARROLL CANYON. OTHER SMALLER POTHOLES ALONG THAT STRIP
Mucha basura en el callejon
Estufa abandonada y grafis
Mucha basura en el callejon
Huge pothole that is about 10 inches deep and 16 inches across. I have reported many  times, but  has yet to be fixed.
Yet anor pothole that we have been trying to get fixed. Has damaged many cars now. Please fix.
Yet more pothole that we have been trying to get fixed. Has damaged many cars now. Please fix.
Yet even more potholes that we have been trying to get fixed. Has damaged many cars now. Please fix.
Big pothole been re for 3+ weeks Noyes and hornblend
One   worst streets in San Diego
Left turn lane onto Sampson needs work to smooth  out and  whole intersection  Harbor drive also. I drive  route everyday to work and my car is getting ruined. Please fill in all  cracks and lines
Mubles tirado en la via publica
Pothole somehow over-filled wh concrete, resulting in a rough bump in front  our driveway damaging our tires and posing a tripping hazard for my aging parents. Excess concrete should be removed and leveled asphalt put in place. Thank you!
Hay colchones en el callejon
Pothole  large Previous similar pothole caused major wreck  on same st last year. Please repIr asapThank you
Several large destructive potholes where previous repairs have failed.  On Mission Bay Drive south to 5 freeway on ramp and after exing  5 freeway north on Mission Bay Drive.
Multiple major potholes and bad patches that keep breaking.
Can you raise up  metal, triangular, access cover in  photos, below? Being recessed from  street surfaces acts as sort  a pothole. is suated on a curve in  street, so that every 3-4 weeks, for  last couple  years, when I'm driving east on  street, I end up eir hting  or swerving over  center line or over  solid whe line to avoid hting . Thanks.
The stretch  Parkdale Avenue between Mira Mesa Boulevard and  Flanders Drive is in need  repairs. The street is uneven and re are unfilled potholes.  There has been recent work/construction on that street that has left unsightly marks and lines in  asphalt.
Pothole
SEVERAL POTHOLES AND CRACKS IN STREET
Pothole
LARGE POTHOLES AND SMALL ONES, RESURFACE
The 3700 block  Rosecrans Street is virtually impassable and not recognizable as a street due to  failed road surface.
Stball sized chunks   road broken out in a school crosswalk, causing issues for drivers and pedestrians. Also  broken parts are in  painted portion causing  crosswalk boundaries to be less clear.
Road riddled wh potholes along  stretch  Mt. Everest Blvd
Huge pothole in middle  street
Pothole left lane
Pothole
Pothole
on  southwest corner  Zola St. and Locust st. re are several medium and large potholes. When  rains se erode and grow. located next to  newly rebuilt Zola Stat  top   3000 block  Zola St.
LARGE POTHOLE-HAZARD
Pothole
Multiple potholes forming and growing in center lane, last 300 yards before intersection wh John J Hopkins
Huge hole
Hole
Various potholes on entire street
En el callejon mucha basura y arbol de navidad
large pothole and increasing in size as road breaks up due to traffic and large construction trucks.  composion   road changes
Pothole
Via valarta was repaved a few years ago, but  contractor went right over  original potholes and cracks whout trying to smooth m.  was somewhat better for a short while, but  entire length   street is miserable to drive over again.
Pothole
REPAIR MULTIPLE POTHOLES
Big pothole wh cracks radiating out from 
The entire street half a block north  Myrtle to Landis is a disaster although  is just before  entrance and ex to n 805. We have been complaining about  for more than two years. This year crews have come to North Park and paved two or three blocks   less important streets and left  rest, ignoring our much more  important street. The cy rates our street as "fair" condion.Please note  photo below. Is  "FAIR"? (Note  thickness   asphalt.)
Sunken section SEC not water related per Water Dept.
Uneven pavement at crosswalk. I tripped on  several times.
Pot hole
Pothole that fills wh water. Water never drains down gutter. Please fill. Second service request.
yesterday I reported potholes at  SOUTHWEST corner   intersection  LOCUST ST> and ZOLA ST>  potholes are on  NORTHWEST corner.The service report number is00275648
Big pothole getting bigger everyday in west bound left lane
Big ol pothole in center west bound lane just before intersection 3 inches deep.
Pothole That has gradually been getting larger
pothole in alley








I sent in a report which is now closed on all se pot holes that I've just sent pictures .  Is  whole street going to get paved or are you filling se in?
Already reported and closed.
Already reported and closed.
Already reported and closed.
Pothole in  southbound lane between 5174 and 5220 La Jolla Blvd.
One  many on 34th Street between Lincoln and Polk. The block north   was redone, and yet  pothole laden street ss here.
Potholes in  southbound lanes in  2400 and 2500 blocks  Ingraham St.
Several potholes on Carmel Mountain Road heading E/B from Freeport Rd to Stoney Creek Rd.
Basura en el callejon colcho muebles
There are numerous large pot holes causing vehicles to swerve into oncoming traffic.
Numerous potholes in need  repair.
Potholes in  intersection  Neptune St and Playa Del Sur St.
Deep pothole on Montezuma Rd., eastbound, left lane, between Collwood Blvd. and Yerba Santa Dr.
POTHOLES
POTHOLES ,  6000  BLOCK OF ADELAIDE AV  BETWEEN 60TH ST & COLLEGE
Pothole
Many Potholes in front  entrance to SD Mission Bay Boat Club
Large pothole at lim line 2nd and Elm. This was referred to Risk Management but I wanted to make sure Streets is aware as  hole is significant enough to cause wheel and tire damage.
POTHOLE STARTING TO DEVELOP
3 POTHOLES ON CAM RUIZ BETWEEN MIRA LANI & ACTIVITY!
LARGE POTHOLES
Deep pothole in road traveling South on Camino Ruiz
Very dangerous pothole. Catches bicycle tires.
Road has many potholes and a lot  traffic in front  an elementary school
The entry to Summ Place is full  potholes and we would all very much like to see m fixed.
Crack in pavement inside crosswalk caused me to twist my ankle and fall Vermont street at universy. West side crosswalk (north/south)
Pothole on north side
Multiple potholes coming from front street to harbor drive.
LARGE POTHOLE ON WABASH (BETWEEN 32ND & MAIN)
During  installations  roundabouts on Vale Way, a pothole opened up on Adelaide west  College Avenue.   is about a foot across and 6" deep.
Pothole in front  driveway that is 2-3 inches deep.
Pothole on  left lane going south on express way.
Pothole in intersection  Elm and 6th.
Pothole at cross gutter asphalt/concrete seam in intersection  Elm and 4th.
Deteriorated patch on eastbound lane  Scripps Lake Drive that has resulted in a few potholes.
Deep, large pothole at stop sign
Broken concrete in alley between El Cerro Drive and 56th Street, San Diego,  92115. This is  3rd time I have requested that  be fixed.
Pothole
Several pot holes on  North and South El Camino Real between Half Mile Drive and Del Mar Heights Road in  Carmel Valley area  San Diego, CA 92130
Please fill huge pothole
Located on  crosswalk that goes from  souastern corner to  norastern corner   intersection (Mesa College Drive & Linda Vista Road). Pothole is large and easily noticeable - possibly 2 feet x 1 feet.
Medium size pothole in  middle   road.
This pothole is in  crease between  intersection  Via Dominique and Seda Dr.
CUSTOMER STATES THAT THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE STREET IN FRONT OF THE ADDRESS.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes
FIESTA ISLAND  --- once perfect, in s roading surface. Has now begun to gain "potholes."   I AM A CYCLIST. Originally, lack  potholes be why  more intelligent cyclists & runners choose Fiesta Island.  As Fiesta Island shall been only for such.
4808 Hawley Blvd. Multiple potholes in  street are dangerous to walk on and when cars drive by  broken pieces become projectiles. I try to keep m picked up but  is getting really bad. Please come and repair  potholes before persons are hurt or property is damaged.Thank youKames Harrington
Pothole several inches deep. Cars and trucks ten have to go around to avoid .
Pothole
Pothole
There are a big pothole on street not convenience for neighborhood.
Eastbound Camino del Norte, east   15, middle lane, before you  get to  high point   road (well before Carmel Mountain Road).  There is water leaking from under  road and a pothole is starting to form.  There is a possible water leak from under  road, since we have not had any rain,  water has to be coming from somewhere.
There are more potholes than street.   made  local news as "Worst Streets in San Diego" along wh Venus St.
There are more potholes than street.   made  local news as "Worst Streets in San Diego" along wh Ollie St.
Por hole
A real shock breaker!Repair crews recently fixed a water leak in  (map*) area but did not fill  hole very well.  Any speed over 5 MPH will rattle your teeth and probably break something on  car.*In case map malfunctions here is  (approx) address 5202-5212 El Cajon Blvd, San Diego, CA 92115, USA WESTBOUND Lane. PLEASE HURRY!
Badly damaged asphalt on WB Washington at 8th. 15 years  tire and wheel damage day after day.

Degrading asphalt in middle   street is creating a traffic and public safety hazard for cyclists, skateboarders, and pedestrians.
This section  East Morena Blvd just south  Tecolote road between  1200 and 1400 blocks has been EXTREMELY BUMPY  since August.You need a Humvie to drive over  section  poor contractor repairs!!!
Holes on curb line, trip hazard. Norast corner  4th & e st
Several Potholes small but deadly for  car!
Pothole in  #2 lane east bound (near Palm tree)
CUSTOMER STATES THAT THERE IS A EXPOSED WHOLE IN THE ST. ROUGHLY 1' DEEP AFTER THE METAL PLATE COVERING IT HAS SHATTERED.
Potholes just before bridge on west bound side.
Deep Pothole that has not been filled in over a year



This is my 3rd report on  street.  There are several potholes on Via Dominique between Via Valarta and Seda Dr.  Please look over  whole street while in  area.  I'm hoping you can just cover  whole short street whout me having to report each and every pothole as re are probably somewhere between 4-6 potholes along  stretch.  THANK YOU! :-)
Big one that's been here for a good amount  time. People swerve to avoid .
in  past two months, at  eastern corner  Fullerton Avenue and Mission Village Drive,  asphalt has been removed in strips for some kind  work.  The resulting unpaved areas have not been re-covered enough to make m even wh  top   asphalt, resulting in an uneven, patchy street surface.  This is also an issue at  intersection  Mission Village Drive and Ruffin Road, and Ruffin Road and Aero Drive.  Please, after work/repair, put  back to 's original condion to save our car tire and suspension issues!!

Pothole next to Turtleback Elementary on Maturin.
This road has lot  potholes.
almost broke my ankle last night crossing  street and stepping in  crater.    entire street has holes like  just waing for someone to get really hurt.  I guess  cy would rar pay anor Mrs Hedgecock settlement than simply fix  potholes.
The entire Barstow Street from Limerick Ave. to Longford St. is full  cracks wh large chinks  asphalt falling out and is extremely dangerous to all users.  tached is a picture  one problem are on  street.  The loose piece in  picture is approximately 1 foot x 1 foot square and re are more cracks and loose chunks like .
Big pothole growing bigger everyday in center eastbound lane
Multiple pot holes and cracks on  street.  Very bad.  Damaging/wearing all residents tires and causing trip hazards to children playing in street and culdesac. Street needs to be redone. Small street.
Park Ridge Boulevard needs repaving between Navajo and Hyde Park
New potholes
Pothole in center  Avenida Manana. 's impossible to avoid  hole when re are cars parked at  curb. This becomes dangerous because eir you risk causing damage to your car by hting  hole or going against oncoming traffic which is very dangerous.
The pothole is in front  7951 Nightingale Way NOT 7941. Thanks!
Jewell Street between Ingraham and Eden,  street has dips and potholes wh gravel all along  street
Pothole in  right lane on Sports Arena blvd just north  W Point Loma blvd
Getting worse pothole right on  stop line
Very rough cracked pavement eastbound far right transion/bike lane just before Friars Rd about 75 yards apart re are 2 hazardous sections that could cause accidents/tire damage if not dug up and replaced wh new smooth compacted asphalt please. Thanks !
Severely degraded cracked pavement in  right side   left lane just east  South Shores Parkway intersection needs dug up and refilled wh smooth compacted asphalt pavement to prevent possible accident/tire damage. Thanks !
Culdesac ,needs repavement .bad shape have 2 residents in wheelchairs ,wheelchairs getting stuck
The street along our block is heaving in areas and sinking in ors. There are also several potholes forming. This street leads to McKinley Elementary School, is heavily trafficked wh cars and children wh parents walking and driving, so is now a safety hazard.
Severely rough undulating pavement left lane westbound Sea World Dr just west  South Shores Parkway intersection. This 2 part undulations has caused tire and or damage at speeds  over 45 mph in a 55 mph zone. This uneven asphalt suation if not smood out will cause slower vehicle speeds which can cause rear end collisions. I cannot drive safely over 40 mph whout my tires hting  upper wheel well in my vehicle. Please smooth out  approx 50 ft asphalt asap in  55 mph zone.  Thanks !
Severely degraded asphalt needs all new compacted asphalt in both directions -NE and SW directions)between W. Morena Blvd and I-5 on ramp(1000-1100 block Tecolote Rd). Current very neglected condion is unsafe and causes tire damage and causes skidding even at very slow left turn speeds from W. Morena to Tecolote Rd. and or turns and will cause accidents, too.. I have called on  problem at  intersections since last year and no fix. Please do asap to make road safe to travel. I cannot use  part  Tecolote Rd because  is not safe to travel on.   Thanks ! And thanks for paving or neglected unsafe  degraded street all over San Diego.
Extremely degraded asphalt east and west bound W Pt Loma Bl(3800-4500 blocks) from Nimz Bl to Midway Dr needs all new asphalt(not sure if all underground pipes along  route are finished) . I cannot travel on  stretch  road whout severe tire damage so have to use or local streets in Loma Portal areas to get to shopping areas adversely impacting traffic in those areas. . Please repave(no slurry) asap. Thanks ! Thanks fro finally repaving Sports Arena Bl.
The entire stretch  Bacon St in both directions from Saratoga Ave to W. Pt Loma Bl ( 2000-2200 blocks) are severely degraded and needs all new asphalt(no slurry again please) Driving on  section is very dangerous to drive on causing severe tire wear and damage to  point I cannot drive on  street anymore. Thanks !
The entire length  Midway Dr in  "Midway District" from Barnett Ave and W. Pt Lome Blvd Is severely degraded for many decades and needs new asphalt. Please lay new pavement(NO SLURRY)  entire length all at once and not piece meal one block every year, etc. The asphalt condion on  extremely heavily traveled roadway is so degraded I cannot travel on  anymore wh out tire and or vehicle damage and whout using adjacent local streets impacting adjacent streets wh more traffic.
Severely degraded asphalt pavement from Santa Cruz Ave to Voltaire St ( 1700 through  2100 blocks needs all new asphalt(NO SLURRY !!)  is in such poor condion I cannot drive  street anymore whout tire vehicle damage. This highly driven and extremely busy stretch hasn't had new asphalt for 4 decades and needs new asphalt now please. Thanks !
There are several potholes that are getting deeper. 's an accident waing to happen wh a bicyclist or motorcycle .  was patched a few years ago but has come back worst  time.
There are numerous Potholes beginning at 1055 Kelton Road, all  way to  corner   900 block  Pyramid Street, in Emerald Hills. These multiple Potholes are causing 'tiring' damage on cars. Please repair as soon as possible, especially when  will be raining over  next few days. Thank you.
POTHOLE AGAIN
Huge pothole on  south side  Mallard St
There are potholes on  corner
bad pothole  W/B BEFORE HARBOR DR
Pothole on Mallard eastbound
Several potholes
2 Pot holes at 683 Boundary
Pothole
Pothole
Not a pothole but more  a sinkhole beginning in  middle   road on Alexandria Drive. Rains today make  appear even deeper. Looks like a matter  time before  hole collapses. Get on  San Diego! Sinkhole has been re for over six months now?
Pot hole in middle  street.Thank You!
Pot hole
Pot hole
6 potholes in block
Sinkhole in planter adjacent to sidewalk represents trip hazard
POTHOLE BY ENTRANCE TO DRIVEWAY
2 potholes predate recent storm on  south side  intersection Cape May and Froude St.
Disastrous collection  pot holes and degraded pavement just east  traffic light to Eastbound I-8 needs new asphalt across both lanes  Nimz Bl -a 12 ft by 7 ft rectangular area. Getting worse bu  hour !  Please fix asap.
Over 200 potholes on  street from Sandrock road to Gowdy ave.  This section  greyling has a Post Office , School John Paul Jones has been neglected is in need  resurfacing. Can you at least fill  potholes that are 4 inches or larger.
Street is heavily damaged by potholes and cracks on  street
Sinkhole. Visible subsidence from roadway onto adjacent properties. Please fix ASAP.
The east  corner  Rushville St and Draper Ave needs attention.  The Rushville Street needs asphalt.  The previous job is crumbling and re is a pothole.  All  water runs down and erodes  asphalt.Lots  traffic as La Jolla High sides on Rushville St.
POTHOLE BETWEEN ALTADENA AV & 51ST E/B
Big hole in center eastbound lane just past  intersection. Growing bigger everyday
POTHOLE, CAUSED FLAT TIRE, FRONT OF HAMPTON INN!
POTHOLE TIRE DAMAGE
Pothole in right lane  NB Convoy St near lim line wh intersection  Kearny Mesa Rd.
Pothole in front  Hampton Inn Hotel Circle South, MTS Bus Stop 88 . Car behind me had TWO flat tires in right side  car. Only my front right tire was flattened.
Pothole in Front  Hampton Inn on Hotel Circle South, MTS Bus Stop 88. Car behind me had two flat tires.
Pothole in parking lot  Mission Bay Park Parking lot, next to walk/jogging path.
TRENCH SINKING BECOMING A HAZARD
DEEP P/H, BENT WHEEL, KNOCKED HUBCAP OFF. W/B BTWN 52ND & WINONA
LARGE POTHOLE 18" WIDE.
Potholes eir inside  pedestrian crossing where drivers head north on 16th St.
Badly damaged pavement
LARGE POTHOLE CAUSED TWO FLAT TIRES. EASTBOUND ON ORANGE WEST OF MARLBOROUGH.
Going east and due yo  recent storm re is a pothole pass Collwood Blvd going east on Montezuma Rd
Going east on Montezuma Rd after Fairmount ave re are several new craters and potholes on  street please repair
Going east on Aero Dr new potholes and craters due to recent storm
Pothole on onramp
There are several potholes in  left lane traveling north/west on W Bernardo Dr in between Bernardo Center Dr and Technology Place.
Heavy rain on 01/09 & 01/10/18 caused a pothole(s) to open in front  8548 capricorn way, san diego ca 92126 and as each vehicle passes over and thru  causes more and more pavement to be removed and thrown. A smaller pothole is being created from  same rainstorm approx. 12 feet directly across from first pothole and is impacting  water departments shut f valve. First pothole is approx 16x18 inches and  2nd one is appox 16x14 inches, currently 2"-3" inches deep      thank you
Mutiple deep sharp potholes in a cluster on eastbound lane.
Numerous potholes on Highwood. Street is horrible.  Boulderl Lake is bad too. All needs to be re-surficed, not just patching.
Pothole in east bound lane
Pothole in EB lane
There is a large dip in  road that continues to collect water when  rains.   is down to concrete in parts  that area.
ALLEY SINKING BAD AT END OF (BEHIND 4362 MARYLAND)
Numerous potholes and broken pavement on Navajo between Waring and Margerum
Major Pothole, caused damaged to many vehicles.
Precisely where Armada Terrace and Harbor Drive meet re is a line  potholes leading up and around a manhole that is getting larger wh  rain.
Pothole is directly in front   driveway   address mentioned. Over time  street sweepers have degraded  asphalt, and  continually gets worse and more challenging to use  driveway.
Three large roads that serves as  major thoroughfares  through Tierrasanta are in serious disrepair and need immediate attention. There is no single pothole. These streets are riddled wh potholes and serious cracks that are destroying our cars.  The three streets involved are: 1) Clairemont Mesa Boulevard for 2 miles east  interstate 152) Tierrasanta Boulevard for 1.5 miles east  interstate 153) Santo Rd,  especially where  intersects Clairemont Mesa Blvd., Tierrasanta Boulevard, and Highway 52 These are major roads that haven't been properly resurfaced for decades and that is wrong! What are you doing wh our tax money?
Heavy rain overnight (1/9/2018) opened up a sinkhole in my driveway, where a newly installed Cy  San Diego sewer clean-out pipe is located.   is impeding my abily to back my car down my extremely STEEP/HILLY driveway.  Could someone please fix  suation, AS SOON AS POSSIBLE?  I called Potholes Dept  morning, already.PLEASE NOTE: A subcontractor for  Cy  San Diego did  original work to install  sewer clean-out, in August, 2017.  The contractor (Southwest Pipeline?) dug up  entire street, installed clean-outs in every driveway including our property. They promised not to damage our property, and actually did a great job reinstalling  pavers on our driveway for us, last August.  We know that y dug up over 10ft  dirt, to install that clean-out pipe, so 's not clear how deep  current sinkhole is, nor how badly  is eroding away, wh  rain...  Sincerely,Carolyn Lee (homeowner and Cy  San Diego taxpayer)
Test
The potholes are not right by  address but  on Maturin Street going west from  stop sign, in street near  back steps  Turtleback Elementary School.  I have uploaded photos, one taken going east towards Silver Buckle Street and one looking at back steps for  elementary school.  There are now more than one pothole and  blacktop is eroding quickly leaving big chunks int he roadway, a hazard for cars to say  least.
This street is riddled wh potholes. High traffic and rain don't help. Please replace and put a speed bump in at  same time! Thank you.
Test
2 large potholes that caused me a flat tire as well as at least 3 or vehicles.
POTHOLE, CHUNKS OF ASPHALT MISSING
Road Maintenance Potholes - 20505 San Pasqual Rd, Escondido, CA 92025, USA.  Dangerous, causing cars to cross middle  road
THERE IS IN HOLE IN THE MIDDLE OF OCEAN FRONT WALK THAT HAS BEEN PATCHED IN THE PAST AND THE ASPHALT PATCH HAS BROKEN THROUGH AND THE HOLE IS VISIABLE AGAIN.
THERE IS A HOLE IN THE MIDDLE OF OCEAN FRONT WALK THAT HAS BEEN PATCHED IN THE PAST, THE ASPHALT PATCH HAS BROKEN THROUGH AND THE HOLE IS VISIABLE AGAIN.
Road Maintenance Potholes-16700 Diego DR[UN-VERIFIED ADDRESS]
Left lane NB Mission Bay Drive north  Bunker Hill. Blew out my left front tire.
Very large sink hole from  pump that was installed on Georgia street and caused a big sink hole

Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole near Dipper St
TEST
Big pothole on eastbound Friars under  Amtrak bridge. Because  ongoing construction in  area, 's hard to avoid and hard to swerve to miss 
Pot hole southbound
Pothole
Potholes
Large pothole along  gutter in  northbound #3 lane in  3900-3928 block  Sports Arena Blvd.
Potholes
Potholes in  northbound lanes in  3930-4199 blocks  Sports Arena Blvd.
Potholes between 4360 and 4399 Iowa St.
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Huge hole about 3 feet long 3 inches deep right eastbound lane.
Pothole
Big ol pothole in trash lane 's humungase
Huge pothole where  trench patch work is near a driveway.
Large pothole northbound lane  Meadowbrook Drive
Potholes in  eastbound lane in  2800 block  Grand Ave.
Going north on 54th St pothole due to recent storm
Going north on 59th St pothole due to recent storm
vishnu - test - please ignore
Test
Ignore - Vishnu test only
Pothole in right lane
vishnu - test only
Greg Gerhant's (P&A) test.  Please do not process.
The road seems to be rising and re are several cracks up to about an inch  wide across  cul-de-sac.
 is test only - please do not work on  vishnu
Pothole
Large potholes just past intersection
deep wide  Asphalt potholes Gresham & Graham always full  water
72  Asphalt potholes   1300  block La Palma  East Bound  South lane
33 large Asphalt potholes 3924 W Point Loma Blvd  all 5 lanes
Asphalt potholes   4191 Mission Blvd  North Bound  East lane
Deep hole near  curb
Holes are in  intersection lane nearest  curb
large number  large cracks on 68th at Amherst
holes are in  lane nearest  curb
On c street just before 33rd street
All  Trojan Ave
 approx.  location, in southbound  LJ Shores Dr., new large pothole in previously patched part  road
MULTIPLE POTHOLES
Large pothole
The curbside street edges is in very poor dangerous condion.  The people getting in and out  ir cars have a risk  spraining ir angle getting in and out   cars. 35th street  near Adams elementary school; between Madison and Monroe  street is in poor condion.    Please let me know what you can do, I know your department is busy. Do you have a schduele  repairs to that street you can share wh me?
Potholes at middle  intersection. National and 26th St 92113.
Huge potholes W bound Balboa
Pothole on  north west entrance to  Navy exchange. The pothole is just outside  blue line denoting government property.


Small pot hole at south side  intersection approximately.
Large pot hole needs more asphalt after someone dug a large hole and didn't fill and compact  properly.
The asphalt on  3400 through  3600 blocks  Macaulay St,  1700 bock  Plum St, ,  3200 and   3300 blocks  Lowell St, and  3000 and 3100,blocks  Nimz Bl (basically all  way from Chatsworth Bl to Rosecrans St) are totally in great disrepair and needs immediate new asphalt (NO SLURRY will fix  !) This stretch  roads are very dangerous to drive on due to very rough surface, numerous poor qualy repairs over 4 decades, many pot holes, and can cause serious accidents and tire/car damage if not taken care  now. I cannot safely drive on  stretch  roadway and have to use or nearby streets adversely impacting  local neighborhoods. Thanks !
One new pre storm pothole eastbound Sea World Dr in  approximale location.
LARGE pothole
Contractor who in 2107 performed recent underground pipe construction and laterals on Morena Bl from Avati Dr to Costco entrance (basically  4000 through  4400 blocks  Morena Bl-all lanes north and south left  asphalt in a extremely horrible rough condion wh sinking laterals, too much asphalt creating bumps, and very poor rough asphalt over  main underground pipe line so as to cause hard bumps in a 40+/- mph zone which can cause accidents and tire/vehicle damage. I shop at Costco allot and cringe when I have to drive on  horrible stretch  Morena Bl. Contractor needs to return and dig up all  new asphalt, do proper compaction and lay smooth asphalt again ! Please do  right  time. The old nice asphalt was just fine until  contractor ruined  road to Costco. Thanks !!!
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes  in  intersection all directions and all surrounding streets.
W/B ACTIVITY
LARGE POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
Large pothole in slow lane going east towards Poway on Poway Rd.  About a 0.1mi from  Poway Rd and Springbrook Dr intersection.
Pothole in middle  intersection  Evening Creek Dr. N and Sabre Springs Pkwy.
Multiple Potholes/Peeling Asphalt Surface
Pothole in  middle   intersection  La Jolla Village Dr and Villa La Jolla Dr.  If you are driving west from  freeway on La Jolla Village Drive and are in  slow lane, you will find a large pothole right when you enter  intersection  La Jolla Village Drive and Villa La Jolla Drive.
Pothole southbound Fairmont, left lane going uphill
Numerous potholes on westbound Navajo Rd
Street wh potholes and cracked up
ROAD BUMP JUST BEFORE HOWARD JOHNSON INN CAUSED MULTIPLE FLAT TIRES.
Deep pothole that could cause damage to a vehicle.
Multiple potholes east bound in # 4 lane. All 4  se lanes need repair as  is a major road going west from  I 15
many broken potholes, worsened by rain. WB lane between trolley and MG Place is  worst
re is a 10" dia sewer cover missing from  middle   north bound lane  mission blvd, between niantic ct and ormond ct.  As a result re is a 10" dia hole in  middle   street  unknown depth.
Please fix  cracks and pothole on Florida st at  corner  myrtle st. There is a large crack in  road and males a loud sound when cars drive over . The sounds is so loud that  keeps me up at night and wakes me up very early in  morning.
Pothole in  southbound #1 lane in  4000 block  Sixth Ave.
Pothole between 4278 and 4298 37th St.
Street is in bad repair.  Multiple potholes.
Think 's a huge pothole. Felt like i h a friggin cow. Very dangerous!  South bound,  going up  hill, just after  intersection.
TWO LARGE, DEEP POTHOLES (24" X 20" X 3"), ON POWAY RD, SOUTHSIDE. TRAVELING ON POWAY RD, BETWEEN CREEKVIEW DR. TOWARDS SPRINGBROOK DR. DANGEROUS WHEN DRIVERS SWERVES TO OTHER LANE TO AVOID THESE POTHOLES. PLEASE REPAIR ASAP.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes on both sides   street up to Crow Court.
Potholes at intersection.
Pothole
Pothole in center  road
Potholes on both sides  road heading east every 30-40 feet until you get to  Patrick Henry Football field.
Potholes on both sides   street heading west on Navajo Road until you get to  intersection  Waring and Navajo Road.
Potholes on both side   road every 30-40 feet.
Potholes on both sides  street
Potholes on west bound lane  Waring Road
Pothole in north bound lane  College Avenue.
Pothole on north bound lane  Princess View.
Awful potholes. Repaving job last year was awful as well. Patch jobs fail every time. Spend  money and do  right. Embarrassing for our cy. Raise  sales tax a full point if 's really that difficult to do a good job  first time paving streets.
The section  Ingelow St between #3311 and 3319 is severely damaged from  high volume  water that flows down  street during a rain storm.  This street is in a natural creek flow.  If  is not fixed before we have or major storms n  repairs will be much more costly.  The top layer  asphalt is coming loose and pieces flowing down  street.  See attached pictures.
Pot hole
Pot hole
street is torn up completely, ruining tires, underneath cars, reported before, nothing done yet
Pothole just east  train tracks
Pothole middle  intersection
Huge ripple next to driveway. Possibly dangerous and/or damaging.
Multiple pot holes at  THE INTERSECTION OF PINECONE LN AND CAMPHOR LN. (6812 CAMPHORE LANE).
TIRE DAMAGED   FROM POTHOLE
pothole in intersection
Potholes are 6 inches deep in some places in  alley.
Potholes mid street
I just had a tire on my car blown out and ruined by a pothole at 1484 S. 32nd Street.  This hole is deep and wide.   If  can ruin a car tire,   is obviously a safety hazard to motorcyclists and bicyclists.
Unknown cover sticking up 4 inches causing car damage .
Large pothole
The south end  Cummins Place has been crumbling for years.  needs to be resurfaced - not slurry coated! Children play daily in  pot holes, loose asphalt, dips and ridges and  is only a matter  time before a serious accident (and lawsu!!) occurs. Rocks get 'pinched' by trucks and fly onto lawns and driveways and h or vehicles. Patches done in 2017 were absolutely USELESS and lerally crumbled that afternoon. We have been getting excuses from  cy for over a decade and our next stop might be  media - y would love to air a story about anor neighborhood getting  run around from  cy! This is only  beginning!!
Pothole on westbound La Jolla Village Dr at 8980 La Jolla Village Dr in  right lane. 's in  intersection  La Jolla Village Dr and Villa La Jolla.
Huuuuuge pothole!
Potholes throughout street.
The south end  Cummins Place has been crumbling for years.  needs to be resurfaced - not slurry coated! Children play daily in  pot holes, loose asphalt, dips and ridges and  is only aoccurs. Rocks get 'pinched' by trucks and fly onto lawns and driveways and h or vehicles. Patches done in 2017 were absolutely USELESS and lerally crumbled that afternoon. We have been getting excuses from  cy for over a decade and our  matter  time before a serious accident (and lawsu!!) next stop might be  media - y would love to air a story about anor neighborhood getting  run around from  cy! This is only  beginning!!
There are two major pot holes here but  would be nice for  whole 41st street to be repaved. From Mead to Monroe.
Pot hole at  entry   HOA and Scripps Ranch Tennis Club
HOLE IN STREET WITH SHARP PIPES STICKING UP , VEHICLE DAMAGING .  FEW FEET FROM THE MARRIOTT
Uneven street surface -- cracks and bumps --- at corner  Silver and Eads in La Jolla. I tripped and fell.
IN ALLEY -  CAUSING CAR DAMAGE
MAJOR POTHOLES IN STREET
POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION AND ALSO ON NORTH ON ANTIGUA
POTHOLE
Asphalt potholes:  2400  tthru  2500 blocks  North Bound Ingraham Both lanescrumbling Asphalt potholes after every rain on busy South Bound Ingraham ( directly under W Mission Bay Dr over pass - directly under arrow for ) ex to Sunset Cliffs Blvd)
Asphalt potholes  on  Camino Ruiz   between   Mira Mesa Blvd.   & Calle Cristobal; both north and south bound inside lanes are in poor condion.
Asphalt potholes: Beginning  Sorrento Valley Blvd over Rail Road tracks between Vista Sorrento Parkway & Sorrento Valley Road: asphalt over rxr tracks are bulging upwardintersection area is very rough;  very bumpy to cross at rxr tracks
NORTHBOUND CONVOY ONTO CLAIREMONT MESA INSIDE LANE....
Going east at  crosswalk wh Yerba Santa Dr / traffic signal. Pothole exactly on  crosswalk
Several craters on  street mostly in  middle   two street
THREE LARGE POTHOLES ON TICONDEROGA JUST BEFORE MORENA BL.
Potholes before you enter on ramp.
series  potholes on Camino Dl Norte westbound near left turn lane onto Paseo Montanoso
Large pothole on Carmel Mountain Road eastbound between Via Rimini and Via San Marcos
Pothole
The street was resurfaced about a year ago and immediately  tar started to come up creating small holes.  Apprimately 2 months ago re was some service work and patch that did not hold.  Wh  recent rain  is now all coming up creating bigger holes, damage and mess to  street.
Pothole
The pothole is located at  cross section  13th street & Imperial Avenue.  Located in San Diego, CA 92101.  1-25 13th street. San Diego,  CAN 92101.  The width   pothole measure 8 inches x 1.5 ft in length.   measures 1.75" in depth.
The pothole is located at  cross section  13th street & Imperial Avenue.  Located in San Diego, CAN 92101.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE TWO HAZARDOUS POTHOLES IN THE INTERSECTION.
The Balboa/Garnet ex lane on  I-5 S has multiple potholes along  1.5 mile stretch.
Pot hole about 12 inch diameter and 6 inch deep. On C street, Lane is going towards  east and located just before stop sign. Also re's no way to drive around , you h  everytime.
That whole street is bad I h a pothole and  popped my tire I'm struggling as  is now I have to buy a tire

Pot hole located in slow lane at intersection  Texas St southbound and Camino del Rio S. Approximately 9 in diameter and approximately 5 inches deep.
Severe pot hole
Several deep pot holes.
Black top coming apart at intersection,leaving very uneven intersection
West bound side
POTHOLES  AT THE INTERSECTION AND S/B BEFORE AND AFTER THE INTERSECTION.
Large pothole in lanes eastbound
The alley looks terrible and is hazardous.  I tripped over  exposed pipe.  When will  construction be complete ?
Six Big potholes in a row in left westbound lane
Pothole
Pothole
closing a request whout actually fixing  issue is hardly "getting  done"   I will just keep opening new requests until you can at least patch some  se craters on Loma Riviera Drive
This section   road is broken for  last five years and nothing has been done. Poway Road, between I-15 ex to Springhurst Road .
Between Bernardo Center Drive and Pomerado Rd Eastbound AND westbound re are NUMEROUS potholes and poorly repaired lanes.  This has been a hazard for more than a month and needs to be repaired IMMEDIATELY.
Southbound onramp center lane
Heading north from Rancho Bernardo Rd on Pomerado Rd to Greens East Rd re are numerous potholes making  dangerous for vehicles to proceed north.  Areas  flooding and a recurring area  potHOLES continue to cause problems.   isn't a new problem, but now  pothole repairs from  past are obviously below standard fixes.  I have had to have my vehicle repaired due to  substandard road.  Please fix  during  nighttime so that folks traversing  area
PER CUST, LArge pothole at  bottom  Texas st .... where Texas turns into qualcomm way  and meets  cam de la reina
Several potholes on both sides  street
(for CALTRANS) There is a strip  potholes along  direction  travel in  left wheel area   right-hand lane  56 West just before  ex ramp to ECR and 5N.  The first potholes are small but  last one is deep and wide enough to be a problem.  Thank you!
(for CALTRANS) The marker is approximate... actual pothole is in  left wheel area   right-hand lane  56 eastbound very close to or just after  Carmel Creek on ramp.  The pothole looks like  is a foot in length and about 8" wide.
Crisp way and Diane ave 92117

Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes and badly damaged asphalt.
Numerous potholes, rough asphalt in both directions.
Pothole on freeway framp
Potholes on Fairmount Ave
Asphalt  cap ( 4ft x 4ft), a portion   cap has collapsed  exposing a hollow hole under  street.
Street asphalt has broken down exposing  concrete base.
Pothole/Indent in road
Pipeline project street patching is TERRIBLE! Damaging cars.
Pothole
right lane
This one is new but pretty big.
Going west on El Cajon Blvd a few craters on  street oppose  casino
 street extremely damaged unsafe for  drivers and great noise and damage for  cars
Street asphalt has broken down exposing  concrete base.
Pothole
Pothole
 appears that  concrete around a pipe  some sort has deteriorated and  pipe is now sxposed 3-4 inches about  road.
Pot hole.  Turning from Bernardo center drive on to Camino del Norte, heading towards  freeway. The pothole is in  #2 left hand turn lane.
Potholes at east bound Genesee Ave at middle   left lane.
Large pothole that almost caused an accident
Florida Drive from Morley Field up to Cypress is a warzone  potholes. 's like driving through Baghdad in 2003. Let's put that gas tax increase to use and fix  roads.
There is an alley between Park Blvd and Centre St. When going southbound out   alley onto Universy Ave re is a large pothole that needs repair.
  stop sign on 12200 Sabio, huge holes in  road that need patching up as well as smooth out.
MY ADDRESS IS 4406 MT HENRY AVE. SAN DIEGO, CALIF. 92117 My husband worked for  cy inspecting streets and he is not happy. his name is Bill smh if you remember him.Kathy Smh
2 Potholes on clairemont mesa at thrive driveway on westbound Clairemont Mesa
Large Pothole on  eastbound lane fronting Canyon View Apartments.
Asphalt over pipeline construction in 2017  2000-2100 blocks  Catalina Bl south bound lane from Voltaire St to Alicia St +++ is in absolute rough condion and is unsafe to drive on whout tire damage, etc. Contractor never finished job properly and needs to come back, dig up improper asphalt composion and re-compact wh and refill wh proper finer asphalt so that asphalt is as smooth as  remaining adjacent  nice roadway finish on all sides  Catalina Bl. Thanks !!
dangerous holes along edge  street at Cresta and Sonora Rd in Rancho Bernardozip 92128.  There are ors  in same area.  Big chunks keep falling our almost dailyour address is 12615 Sonora Rd
Subject: needed repairs to an alleyway that is full  potholes and broken cement and is owned by cy  san diego is located between La Jolla Blvd and Chelsea on  5500 block..please let me know how to have  scheduled. I have lived here for 27 years and noone has ever looked to fix .My name is Carol Strub and I awa your reply...
Many pot holes
Large pothole in  crosswalk traveling South on Texas Street.
There are large pothole all over  road
Very BIG potholes if left and center westbound lanes hard to avoid. 's a shame  road has so many potholes in  's embarrassing to San Diego
On mira mesa east bound, lane 3 (middle lane) re are discontinuies towards  right side   lane that have almost caused me to fall from my bike several times. There are eir ridges perpendicular to  direction  travel or pot holes - I have not seen m as I am watching  cars on eir side  me - can not be in  two right lanes as y are right turn only onto 15S
En el callejon hay muchos muebles tirado ya desde hace dias en barias partes de callejon
Rancho Carmel Dr. between Carmel Mtn. Rd and Ted Williams Pkwy is in serious in need  repair.  There are large cracks and missing chunks  asphalt.  I reported  issue in 11/2016 (# 00117261) and again in mid 2017 (#00237461).  Both those report stated that  will be repaired in 2017.  Well, as you can tell,  was not repaired.  I drive  road at least twice a day and  is taking a toll on my vehicle.  I have seen numerouse road being repaired when  was in better shape n  one.  Can I get a precise date  when  road will be repaired?
2 large potholes
Pothole
Boulder Lake rd is in very poor condion starting north  Navajo and ending at Cowles Mt. Blvd. Shakes my vehicles and ruining alignment.
This stretch  road always gets new pot holes after  rains.  's a pretty narrow road and cars are always parked along  sides so re isn't much room to avoid  holes.  Forced to drive over m if re is oncoming traffic.

Potholes
TWO LARGE POTHOLES IFO MCDONALDS W/B
BETWEEN CHELSEA & BIRDROCK
Street needs to be repaved! 4707 -4737 Castana Ave.
POTHOLES & RUTS ON 32ND (BETWEEN LINCOLN & UNIVERSITY)
2 pothole craters at  location going south on College Ave pass Arosa St
Multiple deep potholes right in front  Nightingale Music on La Jolla Village Blvd North-bound. I crashed while riding my bike on  bike lane, while giving space to a lady carrying a baby who was getting out  her car.
Greg Gerhant's test only.  Please do not process  case.
Going east on Montezuma Rd, left lane. Between Collwood Blvd and Yerba Santa re are craters due to recent storm. Thank you
Due to recent storm, re are several craters / potholes along Montezuma Rd on BOTH lanes going east. All  way starting from Fairmount Ave up to Collwood Blvd. Please repair thank you.
Multiple potholes and cracks at intersection  19th St & C St.
Pothole, left lane  19th St. In between C St & B St.

The home-building company that is building new homes at  corner  Ticonderoga and Morena Boulevard has cut in to  street and have not filled  job correctly. Pot hole is damaging neighborhood cars due to  whole being so large.Please have eir   cy repair or  construction company but 's really bad
N/B LARGE POTHOLE
About 12 1' wide potholes in Westbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd in #2 lane between La Cuenta Dr and Santo
Major pothole  coming f SB I-5 onto front street .  Right hand lane
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Turning right from Sports Arena Blvd. onto West Mission Bay drive.  In right hand lane.  Front right tire h a pothole hard Saturday night.  Punctured a tire (ripped a gaping hole in  tire sidewall) and caused my 2013 BMW 328i to require alignment only 1500 miles after previous alignment.
POTHOLE
Large pothole right around  lights before going up Texas
The pipes are laid in 2017, new asphalt Catalina Blvd south  Voltaire St,  are numerous potholes unfinished asphalt pavement at  entire intersection  Voltaire St and Catalina Bl and Famosa Bl and from that intersection in  dip towards Nimz Bl on  highly congested and traveled intersection and street NEEDS IMMEDIATE NEW SMOOTH COMPACTED ASPHALT PLEASE-severe current degraded condion is ruining my tires and shocks.  What is  cy waing for ??? Please !!!!
significant pothole on ex 17A f  163. Very difficult to see, ex is extremely dark, couldn't see  hole until we were almost on top   and  was too late to swerve! Resulted in flat tire on  driver's side front tire and today we found out   also bent  wheel rim   PT Curser we traveling in.
There are several pot holes in front  my house. These pot holes are getting bigger every time a car drives over m. As  holes get bigger rocks from  cars drive over y are thrown out   holes and into my driveway and have h my cars parked in my driveway.
Large damaging pothole. The street has been worked on and now 's a mess after  rains
westbound Genesee Ave at Richland St: 1 large pothole, numerous small potholes and cracks around bus stop
Going north on Ruffin Rd, middle   intersection wh Balboa ave. Pothole in  middle
Potholes and degrading asphalt
Pothole on Beyer Way before  bridge.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
4200-4300 Mission Bay drive northbound #1 lane, large pothole as you ex I-5 north to Mission Bay Drive, just south  Glendora.
Mucha basura en el callejon
Potholes on  center lane on westbound Balboa avenue
All   repaired asphalt washed out in front  my Driveway and left a Hole I can't get my car in my driveway. I seems to be getting worse and larger every week.
Right in front  home and some starting down  street, creating rocks passing cars shoot rocks towards homes and cars
Multiple pot holes in need  repair on Vista Hill Avenue between health Center Drive and Meadowlark Drive.Unable to obtain images as very busy street wh minimal parking.
From I 15 to 4 s ranch  road is in very bad condion wh surface coming apart and causing many ruts so  is difficult to drive safely on  stretch  road.
Many potholes on E Street side  address.
There are so many potholes on Poway road between I-15  and Springhurst Dr.
This year Milton Street was repaved on both sides   street.  Obviously  was done very poorly.  Along  entire length   repaving large chucks over long distances are coming loose and  whole repaving job is crumbling
From 12685 Rios road, SD all  west until   intersection  rios road/ Pomerado road, SD re are large cracks/potholes in  asphalt causing a road/ and safety hazard. There is tiny pieces  broken asphalt all over  road and side walk on  street causing a safety hazard for not only my children but all  children in  neighborhood  For  last 4 years se same potholes keep getting filled and whin a week y are cracked/ damaged leaving  road in  same condion as before. This road needs REPAVED! ?s a shame that  tax dollars paid by  residents   area and we have to drive on a road that is completely deteriorated and a safety hazard for our children. If  continues  residents   neighborhood have petioned to go to KUSI news on  matter
There are about 3 pot holes heading West on Balboa Ave., in lanes 1 & 2 in front   McDonalds fast food restaurant in general
very deep and wide hole down to dirt
SEVERAL POTHOLES, CONSUMER IRATE
Pothole
DANGEROUS POTHOLE #2 LANE
Multiple potholes down entirety  street.
Multiple potholes
Small pot hole which appears to open to a bigger hallow spot  under asphalt in  Quince Street northbound  f ramp just before  first S curve.
Potholes
POTHOLE
2 Potholes
Very deep pot hole in alleyway just south  W Lewis St.   Deep enough to damage vehicles

Pothole
Potholes eastbound lane.
Pothole
Pothole
There is broken asphalt and pot holes all in front  my house.   goes all past my neighbors house one way and all  way across mine from  entrance  my driveway to almost  corner all along  front  my house (my home is on  corner). These are not small and varies in size from about 1 foot to 2 feet wide all  way down.  I am handicap and I have tripped and almost fallen a few times. I have had many visors trip on  holes as well,  is very dangerous and needs to be repaired so no one gets hurt. When  rains y get worst. I am requesting to have se fixed so myself or no one else gets hurt.
W/B ACTIIVTY @ CLAYTON   3FEET AFTER THE MANHOLE   LARGE POTHOLE  REAL ROUGH IN THIS AREA
big pothole on number 1 lane.
Potholes
Many potholes in whole block
After a recent rainstorm, several potholes have emerged on Milton Street between Illion Street and Dunhaven Street.  This segment  street was just given a slurry seal treatment not too long ago.  Even when re are no rainstorms, large potholes still form.  The amount  potholes is simply unacceptable and is creating a major mess.  Because   dramatic number  potholes and how rapidly  street has deteriorated,  is my hope that  Cy will conduct an aud on  contractor responsible for  sloppy, low-qualy street repair and hopefully bar  contractor from future jobs.  Also, I have personally wnessed what patch jobs and potholes have done to  street, and  has not worked whatsoever.  May I ask that Milton Street get resurfaced between Illion Street and Dunhaven Street?  Thank you!
There is a pot hole in front   bus stop heading south on Clairemont Drive.
Big pothole going up  hill right by stop light in  middle  street
Pot hole at alley entrance
west bound lane from 58th street to Valencia Parkway existing pavement is in poor condion
Pothole in alley way
Pothole
Pothole
Giant pothole alley way
Alleyway potholes
Huge Crater 2 feet long 2 -3 inches deep in center lane heading east
Big, deep pothole in  middle   street
Pothole between  northbound #1 and #2 lane in  800 block  32nd St.
Pothole in westbound lane near UCSD lajolla village entrance.
Potholes and broken asphalt going north and south on euclid ave between landis/ Lantana
Numerous potholes on east and westbound lanes
Pothole in  westbound lane
Deep and big pothole in  left lane  Fairmount Ave southbound
One very big and deep pothole

Can't take a picture due to expressway. Pothole on  far right lane going north on Fairmount Ave. The section from  Montezuma bridge up to  8 needs to be fixed PLEASE
New potholes on  street especially in  middle divider marker. This is a narrow street please repair
many potholes on  Poway rd from Springbrook dr to Sabre Spring Pkwy driving westbound on No. 1 & 2 lanes. please fix asap
2' x 2' hole...previously repaired about 5yrs ago... continues to get worse
Potholes
Also a smaller pothole at  intersection  Locust and Jarvis.  Both potholes are on northbound Locust.
Middle  street numerous pothole
West   inter section , a pothole has developed
Pothole
After  rains from January 8th and January 9th, many potholes were made around  Truck stop ex on Airway Road. Airway Road currently has a lot  cracks due to  heavy traffic  road gets on daily basis. Please make  project a priory because is getting worst every day.
Pothole
Pothole
Mucha basura en el callejo muebles pino sillas camas
Potholes
Pothole
Eastbound Poway Road from Interstate 15 to Springbrook Road (all in  cy  San Diego, not Poway) is one continuous pothole.  The entire eastbound 2 lanes need to be completely resurfaced.
large pothole in front  8407 AIRWAY RD
5 big potholes in  middle   intersection
Hole in crosswalk, trip hazard, I fell and got bruised.
Milton Street was recently resurfaced and  asphalt is coming up in many places, for several blocks and continues to get worse; hard on vehicles driving on .  Looks terrible.
POTHOLE
Five (5) potholes exist on eastbound Scripps Poway Parkway.  The potholes start at approximately 200 yards west   Angelique St intersection and end at  intersection.  Potholes are in  right-hand lane.
Large bump that is cratering out in  middle on El Paso Real.
A couple  pot holes on  street.
Continually growing deeper and wider
Deep and dangerous pot hole that could easily flatten a tire and cause an accident.  's in  east bound lane.  Also, anor nasty pot hole exists on  same street just one block away at approximately 3364 Upas Street, also in  east bound lane.
Large pothole on 163 ex at bottom  Richmond. This could be extremely dangerous for anyone on a motorcycle!! Please fix ASAP!! This Pothole is located on  163 Ramp.
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT THE WHOLE BLOCK
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT THE WHOLE BLOCK
near gate
4300 Mission Bay Drive between Rosewood and Glendora north bound, two separate areas where trenching has occurred and now potholes have formed, #2 northbound lane. Also same problem in #1 south bound lane to access I-5 south.
POTHOLES ON UPAS (FROM 33RD TO BOUNDARY)
The alley is buckled so bad my car bottoms out
POTHOLE
POTHOLES
Please check for potholes along Morena Blvd approaching  intersection at Avati Drive and fill any you find. thank you.
POTHOLE TIRE DAMAGE
Was   telephone company that made all   cuts going across Florida, east to west, starting up by Robinson all  way down to Upas? EVERY single cut is only half filled! a regular passenger car cannot drive over se cuts at more than two or 3 mph whout risking damage. I have already broken two tires on San Diego's bad roads, and I cannot even drive across se cuts whout risking breaking a third. This contractor needs to come out and completely fill every single one  those cuts. ASAP!!! And that same contractor also needs to be followed up on every or cut that he is making in our cy, because obviously that contractor does shoddy work. thank you very much!
Large pothole at bottom  Texas st hill at light on south bound lane
When  Cy  San Diego did work on my block to repair house to street water/sewers lines, y abruptly stopped work at my property line.  These repairs were done nearly 6 years ago. Now,  street asphalt at  end  my driveway is all torn up wh large hunks  asphalt that can be picked and thrown (as I saw one kid do last summer).  i WANT TO HAVE THE CITY STREET AT THE END OF MY DRIVEWAY REPAVED OR ATLEAST PATCHED UP,.
Pot hole on southbound Fairmont Ave before intersection wh Meade. Diameter is about 1 ft and depth is about an inch, really causes car wheel to dip in badly.
Large pothole in crosswalk  Texas St at Camino del Rio S, southbound direction. Hazardous to vehicles and pedestrians.
Pothole in  middle   street on 64th street. Originally reported  a month ago but nothing was done. Report was closed wh no action.
Pothole in alley
Pothole in alley
Pothole in alley
Pothole in alley
7149 Navajo Rd., street in front  driveway at Canyon View Apartments. Damaged asphalt needs patching could cause tire damage. May be a Water Utilies issue/repair.
Pothole
Large freshly formed pothole
Going north on Fairmount Ave far right lane pothole between  Montezuma Rd bridge up to  8 Freeway
Going NORTH on College Ave big pothole on  right lane oppose  preschool parking lot
A few scattered pothole
north lane
Front St & I-5 south on front street  after getting f  freeway.
Southbound Texas @ Camino del Rio South.  No way to avoid .
 intersection driving north various potholes need patching. Thank you in advance.
"A COUPLE POTHOLES"
Serve potholes in alley.
4300 Mission Bay Drive between Rosewood and Glendora north bound, two separate areas where trenching has occurred and now potholes have formed, #2 northbound lane. Also same problem in #1 south bound lane to access I-5 south.
on  south five, front street ex.  H a huge pothole. blew  tire on my BMW and cracked  rim.  $800  damage.  Will  cy reimburse?


Deep rut - Caused me to fall hard.FALL HAZARDThird report... 3rd report
MY NEIGHBOR AT 321 S. 49TH HAS BEEN PAINTING THE SIDEWALK  RED IN FRONT OF HIS HOUSE  HIS PORCH IS THE SAME RED COLOR THAT HE USE FOR THE SIDEWALK. HE HAS VEEN DOING THIS FOR A WHILE NOW ALSO ON  SOUTH 49th STREET THERE ARE MAJOR POTHOLES ON THE STREET. THIS IS MY SECOND REQUEST/CONCERN WITH THIS ADDRESS.
Poblado Road has significant cracks and potholes up and down  street. There has been patch work through  years, but nothing else.
East bound lane  Rancho Bernardo Road at Cresta Drivelarge and Growing Pothole
Pothole
Pots at  entrance  our driveway. Our driveway is commonly use by cars to turn around- our street lead to a culdasac
POTHOLE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE STREET

Many potholes first 100 yards  El Paso Real
Pot hole on f ramp lane transion from Morena Bl south to Balboa Ave west bound in  approx location half way between both streets.
Numerous pot holes from Sea World Dr south bound from I-5 transion stop sign to Pacific Hwy intersection in  approximate curved location.
Pothole in  approximate location  east bound.
after repairing a water main break (great job)  asphalt was not compacted or smooth.   is a mess to drive over.
Road has crumbled and is in disrepair.  Logged a ticket which was closed and stated  was fixed when in fact nothing has been done.
Subject: Road Maintenance Potholes - 5604 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111, DPW2018-TRNGEN-SREQ-02491in westbound lanes  balboa ave.,   west  mt. abernathy,    in  mcdonald's area;  deep holes
large pothole at  location   picture. please fix asap
Street around manhole is sinking.  Looks like sewer may be collapsing?  Street now very uneven.
Multiple potholes near Elementary School on Cannington Dr.
Test #5
Potholes Located directly in front  St Michaels Catholic Church
Rectangular hole in slower lane.  Has been re at least 3 weeks.  About 1.5 ft. across.  Please at least fill  in.  May need help lower down.On Texas heading south just before  intersection.
Pothole
Deep pothole at  intersection  Texas St and Camino Del Rio S on Texas St at  stoplight before going south up  hill
Pothole along Knoxville norast bound direction at  crosswalk.
Large potholes in right lane, many  m and growing larger.
Potholes
Two inch alley pothole. Needs filling
Major potholes that run westbound on Camino Del Norte,  cy has filled se numerous times but improperly. This is  5th flat tire I've received from  stretch  street!!!! The potholes are 6-8 deep, causing flat tires. They run roughly a mile long in  center and far right lanes. Why  cy only wants to fill, and not fix  road is behooving. DO IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME,  will save us tax payers lots  money and  cy.
HUGE pothole at Camino Del Rio S and Texas intersection (by Bully?s) going N on Texas. Please fix. I need an alignment after driving thru 
Deep pothole needs immediate attention.
Potholes on Fairmount South Avenue
Afton Rd is in terrible shape full  cracks and craters. Area needs to be resurfaced and  never gets a proper repair
Pot hole at 825 Boundary Street
Pothole
Multiple potholes on  street
Pothole
Pothole
Ft wide Pothole in  middle   street on 47th just north  El Cajon Blvd.
Right at NW corner. Getting bigger.
here are deep potholes that run east and west from 5255-5299 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111, USA to 5955-5991 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111, USA.  Please repair both sides   street
Depressed access cover. NB rueda dr between valiente and cascajo courts. Sunken monument lid.
Potholes
The street in front  my house is lerally crumbling to pieces. There are small potholes and bs  tar macadam  all over.
12 inch diameter, approx. 5 inch deep. Right in front  340 16th street car entrance.
Southbound Texas, #2 lane at  crosswalk, huge pothole. Will be a hazard for vehicles and motorcycles.
POTHOLE
Large pothole in  number one lane  Southbound Fairmount approximately 1/4 mile before Meade Avenue.  The speed lim is 55 mph and  pothole is large enough to cause significant damage to a vehicle and liabily to  Cy  San Diego.  Please fix  pot hole.
Pothole

Pothole
Pothole
Huge pothole, southbound side, right lane  Texas/Qualcomm.
Pothole

Pothole
Perpetual pothole due to water pooling
Asphalt sinkhole appeared yesterday  841  Pacific beach Drive  East Bound  2' long     width   South lane
Assorted pothole
5500 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111, USA to 5934-6050 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111, USA  street has deep potholes in both directions.  Please repair asap!
Large pothole on south Texas street at Camino del Rio South in  #2 lane.
Pothole in alley
Serious erosion.
Pothole
Numerous large potholes
Pothole
Large potholes numerous
Trojan Ave between 54th and 60th
North bound Carmel Mountain Road between Via San Marco & Cuca Street number 1 lane re's a large pot hole big enough for a whole wheel to f
Huge pothole - I'm surprised my tire didn't burst. Needs fixing immediately!
Very large nasty pot hole needs smooth filling in  left lane by divider south east bound in  approx. location as 3 lanes merge into 2 lanes and just before  San Diego river bridge.
PUBLIC PORTER POTTY HAS LARGE PUDDLE OF BLOOD INSIDE  . PER SUPV BILL HARRIS  PLEASE TAPE OFF
The street is totally messed up From Florida St and Robinson all  way down to Florida St and Upas. I feel that  can possibly be damaging to people?s cars. There was at one point construction going on and i feel that  construction did nothin but make  street way worse than before.
Constant flooding and major potholes at 1st abs Laurel.  20 year problem.
3 potholes.
Pothole, heading south on Pomerado at Stone Canyon.
Scripps Trail is in desperate need  resurfacing and re-stripping.  This is a significant safety issue as we are whin extremely close proximy to an elementary school, a recreational swim and tennis club and shops and restaurants.  The street is extremely pted and  street markings fail to be adequate to keep kids and adults safe.
Entire right lane  10th Ave between E & F street. Been in terrible condion for a long time!
The location   pot hole is on 54th Street Southbound between College Grove Dr and Pirotte Dr.   is in  inside lane.   Location is a close estimate as possible.
There is a large hole that was recently dug in  middle   street that was covered wh a large metal cover and asphalted on  edges to keep  closed.  The asphalt has become loose around  edges and teeter-totters causing a very loud bang every time a car drives over .  Since  is a very busy street that does not have a four-way stop at  intersection,  banging   metal cover bangs all throughout  day and night.  We have ltle children and  banging is disturbing our sleep.   is now a nuisance that is impacting our health, especially our children. Please reseal  hole cover as soon as possible.  We greatly appreciate your service.  Thank you.
Pothole
Holes in asphalt at crosswalk by Old Globe Theater in Balboa Park. Seniors in wheelchairs and walkers use  crosswalk all  time, you have to come fix ,  is dangerous for m!
Pothole in middle  street
Pot hole 1x2  hazard for cyclist.
 Island Ave hole in crosswalk needs filling
Entire area, please reference Report 00277187, I believe 's  same issue resulting from  same work done on se streets.  Trench dug months ago along Aero, Ruffin, Mission Village and streets exing f Mission Village, including Admiral.  Contractor never returned to completely fill trench. Ruffin before Aero, Mission Village turning to Admiral especially bad.
Pothole on West bound lane Cesar e Chavez prkwy and harbor drive
Pothole in West bound lane before railroad tracks
Pothole
Pipe work along Florida st. Is becoming a driving hazard
Pothole
Pothole in left hand lane  northbound Mission Bay Dr
PER SDPD THERE  IS A LARGE POTHOLE WITH A CONE ON TOP THAT TRAFFIC IS AVOIDING.
large cracks ashphalt missing norast side  road.
Pothole
Scattered pothole
POTHOLE, SOUTHSIDE ON POWAY RD. BEFORE SPRINGBROOK DR.
Trenches 4 to 5 inches deep up and down florida where y just put in new pipes.
Cracked street at school intersection
Pothole in front  Montgomery
Pothole in cross walk at Montgomery middle
Damaged pavement in crosswalk
Holes in cement due to pipe damage
Pot holes on Ulric street right by  middle School
Cracking in street
Crack in street
This is a deep pothole, re are ors that are smaller
Pothole
Pot hole
Pothole at intersection  Mount Aguilar and Mount Ainsworth, Southwest corner.
Potholes / cracked asphalt in  section spanning 25 yards.
Potholes and cracked asphalt in  lanes, section  about 200 - 250 yards  going towards airport.

Two big potholes next to one anor in  center   road in front  11355 Kelowna Rd. Please fill m in, and consider repaving  street
Pothole still not fixed, second request.
2 LARGE POTHOLES W/B IN MID LANE. BEFORE SHOPING CENTER INTERSECTION
The "east side" crosswalk  Montezuma Rd wh Campanile Dr. There are potholes next to  church corner, right at  crosswalk. Please repair m. Image from Google Maps.
Going north,  Far right lane sinks in next to  sign. And all  lanes near  8 ramps are wh potholes and craters.
Large depression in asphalt at intersection  Alexandria Drive and Barcelona Drive, San Diego, CA 92107.
Entire street is badly damaged
HI.  There are 30+ potholes and long running gaps in  street directly in front  our house that need your attention please.  I have lived  here for 10 years, and  norrn portion  Limerick Ave which begins at Palmyra and feeds Regina and Limerick court has never been resurfaced during that time.  There are more that a hundred potholes and  street is a danger to walk across. The sourn part  Limerick avenue has been resurfaced as recently as late 2017.  Please don't forget about us.  Please fix  potholes.  We need your help
65th Street on both sides   trolley tracks has been broken up as long as I can remember. 's hard on  tires and suspension. Any chance  you smoothing  out? I travel that route every day and 's a concern.
Pothole on southbound Linda Vista Rd. between Stalmer Street and Baltic Street.
Multiple potholes along north and southbound Kearny Mesa Rd.
Multiple potholes along north and southbound Kearny Mesa Rd.
Multiple potholes along Genesee eastbound.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue eastbound
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions.
pothole near  norast corner   intersection  Genesee Avenue and Linda Vista Rd.
Multiple potholes along westbound Genesee Ave.
Multiple potholes along westbound Genesee Ave.
Pothole
Pothole
Pot hole! Can't believe you haven't fixed  yet.  I reported  over 5 days ago. Very dangerous
94 W ramp entrance from Euclid avenue. large, deep pot hole right in  middle   ramp
Hole in southbound #1 lane, just before turn pocket starts. Thanks!
Big pothole in left lane
Huge pothole, deeper than 1 foot.
Asphalt patch after construction is sinking in both directions on Talbot St.  needs more asphalt before  becomes a tire Inflator
Updated location. Paul is on Texas Street at Camino Del Rio South. My last Quest I noticed a conflict  address. 's at  intersection at Texas Street and Camino Del Rio South. Southbound lane going up  hill before  intersection . Someone has placed a cone in  road.
Florida st is in incredibly poor condion after  water line installations. Huge potholes cause people to swerve around or drive 5-10mph to get through.
Pot hole is a driving hazard makes  wheels  cars that pass over h  underside   car and loud bang  had caused damage to my car rims before I try to avoid  as much as I can but  gets hard especially at night
Pothole in street continuing to pose a hazard to motorists, pedestrians, and kids riding ir bikes and skateboards in  street. I received an email that  issue had been resolved, but as illustrated in  photo,  has not been resolved.  Furrmore, re are dozens, maybe hundreds  similar potholes throughout  neighborhood, so  streets are in need  repaving.
Pavement coming up.
Huge pot hole at  corner  First and Laurel
Pothole on west bound. About 8".

Hello,There are several potholes along  small street, Liquid Ct. Some are worse than ors but re have been more popping up throughout  last month. Please contact me wh any questions as 858-201-1025Esteban Felix
HUGE pothole on W bound 52 where Genesee onramp is almost completely merged onto 52
POTHOLE 3X4    CAN'T HOLD
Large pothole at intersection moving south
In front  Red Lion Inn
Bump pot hole in street
What happened here? This just got paved. There are 50 pot holes from a poor paving job. The street has missing asphalt everywhere. What a crappy job  contractor did.  The whole Milton street needs to be repaved from from Illion st to Penrose st. Unbelievable
On 47th & El Cajon Blvd please fix .
POTHOLE
There are separation potholes between  pavements   two streets.
Street repair needed
Pothole in  north bound right lane just short  Ute Drive
Southbound lane onto I-5 from Pacific Highway.
Huge 4 to 5 inch deep potholes for several blocks on Florida where  cy contractors were putting in water pipes and  asphalt has come out, you lerally can break and axel on some  m. This very unsatisfactory.
LARGE POTHOLE
I was told by  cy that  section  street was scheduled to be fix on August  2017. I hope you haven't forgotten about  street. 's in such bad shape that cars drive up against  curb to avoid  potholes.  Turko files on TV has put  on  top Ten worst streets in San Diego.
Large pothole in Northbound Lane  Hollister St right before  stop sign  at Sunset Ave.
Large pothole in righthand lane  Hollister St as you turn onto Arton Ave right after  stopsign.
4348 Winona ave several pot holes
Trail rail loose!  Bounces after cars driving over.
Pot holes on 1666 Klauber Ave
POTHOLE
POTHOLE CAUSING DAMAGE
Pothole on W/B Cuca St....closest address is 14488 Cuca St...cross st is Penasquos Dr
Pothole in southbound lanes  Santo Rd. just before Tierrasanta Blvd. intersection.
Pothole in  intersection  southbound Santo Rd. and Porto Ct.
Large open potholes on Balboa Westbound in between McDonalds and Chevron entrance.
Huge pothole in  left lane   street headed south on Fairmount ave. You have to merge to  right lane to try and avoid  hole.
Hello  I would like to alert you on some dangers.I am attaching photos   drain damaged in  street intersection wh Middleton and Amy. My ltle boy fell several times wh his bike. Becoming very dangerous wh several holes . Bikers and cyclists going down from Amy. looks like would need to rework a drain to facilate  evacuation   water in case  flooding.  not sure about how to report  category  such.  Street remodeling wh half drain .If I can help, don't hesate to contact meif not  right division let me know who I should contact for such requestthanks
Pothole both directions all  way to marlesta
Pothole
Pothole in left lane  SB 6th Ave at  parking lot intersection for Scripps Mercy Hospal.
Pothole in left lane  eastbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Pothole still re 2 months now eastbound center lane and growing.
Huge pot hole. Southbound on Texas.
Two deep potholes in westbound #2 lane west  Mt Alifan
There are two cuts that were made going north and south across  NEWLY PAVED intersection at Georgia and madison . Both cuts are haphazardly filled.  south half   cut located furst to  east in  intersection is not properly filled and if a passenger car does not slow down to 5 miles an hour will risk damage to s tire's. I have already reported half filled roots left behind running across Florida Street between Robinson and upas. Who are  contractors that are doing  crappy work, and what is  cy doing to follow up on  qualy? Our taxpayers footing  bill for se repairs? 's ridiculous  qualy  work being done, and our cars can't take  anymore. thanks in advance for doing QC on ALL cuts made to our roads!! thank you!
Giant sinkhole in  middle   street
Potholes/uneven surface and puddles  water
There is a huge pothole at  intersection on Camino Del Rio South and Texas Street.  s  right lane as you go through  light on your way up  Texas Street hill. s very large and deep. Please fix ASAP!
There are a few potholes on  north two lanes   intersection  Paseo Montanoso and Camino Del Norte just West  I-15.
There is a pothole in  middle   intersection  Bernardo Center Dr and Camino Del Norte.
There are a few potholes on  northwest end  Nimz where  meets Sunset Cliffs.Potholes are on  west side   south bound lanes.
There are several potholes on 22nd Street between Broadway and G Street.
30 foot long pothole on 987 W. Ash St. along curb next to  Wyndham Hotel.
Sink hole is forming.  's deepening evey day and getting wider.
Right lane southbound for about 10-15 meters before  light is very uneven and bumpy.  This is a busy bike lane, but  stretch at  bottom  a big hill is very dangerous for bicycles.
School crosswalk pothole on  northbound lane
Multiple potholes as  result  last storm. Both directions on Cy  SD side  Poway Rd (S4) from Springhurst Dr to Interstate 15.
Large pot hole on  corner  Mountain Glen Terrace and Scripps Lake Drive.  Pothole is on Mtn Glen Ter on  east side   street.
POTHOLES  (FROM MORLEY FIELD TO ROBINSON)
Big cracks in street on Cloudcrest Drive
Pothole and broken gutter at 9085 Kenamar Drive. The issue was reported some time ago and has not been addressed.
Potholes WB on Balboa between Charger & Genesee.
This is a resend from yesterday because I did not receive a confirmation that  system received .  The gutter and asphalt in front   driveway entry near 9085 Kenamar needs to be replaced.  This has been in a poor condion for about 20 years!  I have requested  service work to be done in  past, but nothing is ever done.  Please put  on  work schedule.
First  all  map on  doesn?t move to  address or location? ?s  intersection  Rolfe Road And Donald Avenue in Claremont 92117 re is a dangerous pothole that is getting bigger and bigger and will cause damage to local vehicles which  cy will be responsible for if  doesn?t get repaired shortly
Badly damaged asphalt at Mira Mesa Blvd
Many blocks  damaged asphalt on Reagan
Potholes in and before  left turn Lane.
Our street has so many cracks and holes in . And  constant water leaks because   old pipes are also damaging  asphalt. Can you please send someone down to asses Fernando Court AND Fernando Way?
Pothole
Pothole in right lane, southbound.
Multiple potholes
San Diego Streets,Please listen to attached cizen voicemail regarding a pothole on corner  Via de la Valle and El Camino Real.Thank you,Jenny ParkerCy  Del Mar Public Worksjparker@delmar.ca.us
Large deep pothole need repair.  The entire street from Entreken to Sedorus still needs an overlay.  Been waing 1 1/2 years for Repair!! When wi  street be fixed?
Pot hole in  middle   street. Please fill.
Several pot holes in both lanes westbound
Florida street has always been a major problem but is unimaginably worse now than ever before.  Since Burtech did s infrastructure work, ir asphalt fill has eroded, sunk to unsafe levels, and has left considerable gaps between  concrete.  This is unsafe for cars and pedestrians and needs to be repaved in s entirety.  As homeowners on Florida street,  street condion devalues all homes in  area and is unsafe. I have cracked my bumper slowly driving up  street due to  considerable potholes. This issue has also been communicated to Councilman Ward and Tyler Renner.
LARGE CAR DAMAGING POT HOLE ON TEXAS ACROSS FROM BULLY'S RESTURANT  2401 CAM DEL RIO S.
Pot holes also would consideration for resurface.
There's a massive pothole where  sidewalk meets  road. 's about 10 feet long.  My car bottoms out very time i pull into my garage.  The cy is fixing  water pipes in  area and left  very massive pothole. Please fix
Big pothole on Fairmount Avenue heading south after  bridge past Aldine
The portion  Ashford St. from approx. Beagle St. to Beal St. Is in bad condion. Numerous potholes and crumbling asphalt are adding to  decline   street. Or portions   street were recently paved but somehow  section was overlooked. Carnival Market and a nearby school make Ashford a very busy street worthy  repair.
Pothole
Pothole
Road rates as poor condion according to  San Diego OCI - road self is increasingly poor condion.  Appears to be too damaged for a slurry seal, would appreciate any temporary pothole refilling though.
Pothole
Several potholes on same street, across from Kearny Mesa Subaru
Big pothole right in middle  street. Every morning when I pull out  my drive way I barely avoid .
Large potholes right lane
Potholes across from Kearny Mesa Subaru
Sink hole
Tecolote Rd is incredibly bumpy as you approach Morena Blvd.  Please level so  is f for standard vehicles.
Pothole 80" 9" need to be fixed  soon as possible I'm going to keep an eye until you guys fixed . is do dangerous
pothole in  middle   street
couple  potholes on  street
Pothole in #1 lane, southbound SANTO ROAD, just before Tierrasanta Blvd.
Big pothole at light/intersection
Big  pothole near  double yellow line, around on  side  Bank  America.
Potholes all along RB Road
Potholes
Pothole
Sinkhole forming
N/E/C OF THE INTERSECTION,  2 POTHOLES BUT ONE IS HUGE HE TRIPPED ON IT  WHILE WALKING TOWARDS BALBOA PARK
Pothole in  middle   road
POTHOLES, potholes and more potholes!   There is a series  potholes on Hollister Street from Leon Ave to Arton Ave on  Southbound lane.  tached is a picture on one   dozens.
Road Maintenance Potholes - 15883 Bernardo Center Dr, San Diego, CA 92127, USA.  potholes on Camino Del Norte, Bernardo Center Dr., and Maturin Drive.  Needs to be fixed.
Two potholes





Large pothole 12" x 12". In  #3 lane (slowest lane) going east bound on La Jolla village drive.
Vallejo de Hoover high en mal estado
3 pot holes on Village Pine Drive have popped my tires
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole & cracks.
POTHOLE ON MIDWAY X- DUKE
Potholes
ABOUT 6 POTHOLES BY THIS ADDRES

Pothole
Pothole
Multiple potholes in he street
Lerally a 2x1 sink hole!!!
Huge pothole in  area.
Pothole westbound before turning north onto Windcrest. 12-18" diameter.
All  Rancho Carmel Drive is a big pothole and  has destroyed  shocks on both my cars, a mini and an Armada.   shocks on  Armada were a ltle over a year.  There is no way for me to not drive on Rancho Carmel Drive when I leave  Communy  Cambridge located f Rancho Carmel Drive.  I do not have images at  time but I am sure you all know how bad  road is  has been in  news.  Can I be reimbursed for my Shocks that I have to replace?  and when are you going to fix  roads?  Swimfishy@sbcglobal.net   Christina Evangelista858 735-9436
Dangerously large pothole over 2 feet wide
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes, recurrent
Pot hole across street, recurrent (filler keeps popping out)
The filler keeps coming out  filled potholes
Potholes
Multiple pot holes
Large pothole in front  7321 Margerum (across street from 7322 Margerum).
Giant square pothole
LARGE POTHOLE CAUSED TIRE/RIM DAMAGE.
Multiple large potholes on westbound Balboa hear  Balboa Shopping center.  Last year's patched potholes are also coming loose.
Potholes heading north on Park Blvd.
Right lane many large holes
W/B POTHOLE WHILE DRIVING TO GET INTO THE LEFT TURN/U-TURN LANE BIG POTHOLE
s been getting bigger  past few months and 's pretty deep
Large pot hole in bankers hill on first Avenue. Intersection  first Avenue and Laurel 92103
CLAIMS HUGE HOLE ON GLENN RICK BRIDGE
construction company doing trench work recently. sunken. hazard
Pothole -  lifted chunks  asphalt
Giant asss pothole
Large Pot Hole
Pothole
Pothole in northbound slow lane just south  Lehrer St. pothole is on Genesee.
multiple Asphalt potholes   3902 Sports Arena  -  North Bound  West lane   .. . . also 3924
3 potholes on  east bound side  9055 Gold Coast Drive
10200 jade coast drive east bound lane small but very deep pothole
Potholes in  street
In front   7eleven gas station!
The contractor had done cutting asphalt and left  in  condion in front  1250 kostner dr 92154   6193952267
One  many. Dangerous trip hazards

A large pothole that is eroding  street is located near  curb in front  3140 Felton Street.  THIS IS ONE OF MANY potholes and crevices on  block between Redwood and Thorn Streets.  WHEN IS THIS STREET SCHEDULED TO BE REPAVED?  McKinley Elementary School is located 4 doors down, re is heavy vehicular traffic on  particular block, and  potholes and crevices are a potential danger to drivers and to  children.  Or streets nearby have been paved - and repaved again - but  single block between Redwood and Thorn has NOT been paved for over 20 YEARS!  I know because I have lived here that long and have firsthand experienced  pavements deterioration!
Large pothole outside front  residence in  south bound lane. Appears to be getting larger as  is crumbling away.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes from 8Th all  way to 4TH.
Parking lot  Stanley Rec Center
#1 westbound lane just past la cuenta drive.
12"x18" pothole
Pothole on Raejean east  Murray Ridge
Several potholes on Raejean between Galahad Rd. and Greyling Dr.
Lots  potholes here
Fix  potholes on 59th st please thank you
Going east on El Cajon Blvd on  right lane uneven pavement or has sunken in or pothole. Please patch
Several pot holes from Boyd Ave to Marlesta
Corner  Forward St. and Bellevue Ave.
Many here
Several extremely bad portholes. Mostly around old train tracks. The whole area under  overpass needs replacing.
Large pothole and very rough road surface on northbound First Ave, right after crossing Laurel
The entrance   cul-de-sacis very bad and need to be repaired. Also most   edges around  cul-de-sacis need some attentions too. There is alot  foot traffic crossing  road and some people have tripped on  ruff surface.
Small pothole driving westbound right  at  "p"   "stop" wrten on  street.  Just happens to be where everyone's passenger tire rests and you get a nice jolt right before you come to complete stop.
2 large holes
Pothole
Several holes
Several porholes
Several holes
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole in east bound lane
Pothole on trench
Multiple potholes, trip hazard. Northwest 6th & e st
There is a deep pothole in front  my house that has been filled before. Chunks  asphalt come loose everyday.  is in front  my driveway which I have to go over everyday I leave my house and is ruining my tires.
Northbound lanes; pothole
Pothole at intersection

Rios road from pomerado east bount till Alondra Drive, large pot holes in  roadway some 3-4? deep. They get filled over and over again and whin 2 weeks y are worse than before and debris all over  road way. The whole road needs repaving not to mention Rancho Bernardo road from  freeway all  way eastbound to summerfield road.
Hole in street
Potholes in whole block
SEVERAL POTHOLES ON BOULDER LAKE BETWEEN NAVAJO AND COWLES MTN
Several holes between Lakehurst and miramac need fixing
Multiple potholes all over  intersection  Salizar St at Auburndale St
A trench was dug and improperly filled leaving a hole that can only be avoided by turning into  outside lane.
Pothole outside front driveway is growing. Needs to be fixed
Multiple deep potholes between Lipscomb and Summerview
POTHOLES ACROSS THE STREET FROM ADDRESS IN THE SLOW AND MED LANE
Potholes
RIGHT TURN TO BALBOA FROM MORAGA
Pothole
Pothole in left lane  NB Genesee Ave right at  point where  two left turn lanes open up for WB Linda Vista Rd
Manhole cover is sunk about 5 to 6 inches below street level creating a pothole like jolt. This is on WB Linda Vista Rd just past Ulric St in front  or very near  ARCO station.
Pothole on EB Gessner St just barely east  intersection wh Morena Blvd.
LOTS OF POTHOLES
Right through lane  WB Clairemont Dr, at least 3 potholes spotted just before  railroad/I-5 undercrossing.
Large pothole.   is so big someone flagged  for or drivers.
Potholes In between Fontaine St. and Navajo Road on Margerum Ave, very bad near Ponca Ct.
Pothole in bus zone  number 10635, at 5119 Olvera Avenue. Hole is appropriately 4 feet by 6 feet and has shattered  asphalt on   street. Please repair to keep both traffic and pedestrians safe.
potholes
POTHOLE CALLER MENTIONED "E/B MAIN AT S/B BOSTON"
Potholes
Multiple potholes.
The stretch  road between 11287-11299 Paseo Montanoso, San Diego, CA 92127 and Camino San Bernardo, San Diego, CA 92127 is riddled wh potholes and uneven pavement. Especially in  far right lane.
Pothole in middle lane just before left turn lanes on Santo Rd approaching Tierrasanta Blvd.
Huge pothole between 4500-4600 block  mission bag drive. The far left lane.
Pothole in  Souast corner   intersection  Villa La Jolla and La Jolla Village Dr
Boulder Lake is an absolute mess and  cy has paved nearly every road around  whout touching . No one is returning our emails about  project that was scheduled for Jan 2017 n rescheduled to July 2017 and no new updates.
Numerous potholes creating risk  serious injury to cyclists using  street- and re are many users. Entire street must be repaved from Ingraham to Friars. There is nothing left but loosely associated chunks  asphalt in a matrix  st sand and mud.
Massive pothole in lane going North. You have to go into bike lane to avoid hting . I h  and  damaged my tire. Had to replace  tire! I now have to drive in  bike lane to avoid hting se potholes, as do ors since  area is so riddled wh pot holes. I almost h a guy who was riding a bike coming down  hill in  bike lane trying to avoid se potholes. This is a BIG legal issue and an accident waing to happen!  is now time for you to fix  for us! Please make  a priory so us taxpayers can actually drive in  street lane! Am I living in TJ? I sure feel like !
Pothole in westbound lane
Pothole in WB lane
Pothole in west bound lane
Pothole and damaged asphalt
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes in both directions east and west need to be patched from 6066 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111 to 5506-5508 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92117 .  Pavement needs resurfacing from 6130 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111 to 6492-6598 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92117.
Pothole left lane NB. First reported 16 days ago. I blew out a tire n and  remains a serious hazard. Get on !!!
Pot hole after road work completed
Several potholes
Pothole -vesta st and dalbergia
Southbound Santo Rd at Tierrasanta Blvd
Couple  potholes on both sides  street. Makes  dangerous to drive on when coming down hill.
Two potholes as you make  turn onto Navajo.
A pothole here at  address. There's also CHUNKS  asphalt that have propped out at  intersection  Madison Ave & 59th St. Please repair,  intersection is not in good condion. Image is from Google Maps for location example
Potholed


Badly damaged asphalt and concrete.


Deep ruts grab your wheels and pull you out  your lane.





manhole cover 2-3" below grade on Scott st and 2 more as you move toward Harbor Dr.  Between Emerson and Garrison 3 bone jarring holes
Dangerous condion.

Potholes on middle lanes on both side   street.
On  slow lane.
Pothole
Dangerous condion
Pothole in right through lane  WB Clairemont Mesa Blvd just barely past  onramp for SB I-805
This is a pothole in  alley. s dangerous and should be fixed. Lots  kids in  neighborhood.
There are more three large potholes on La Jolla Shores Drive between La Jolla Farms Road and Inyaha Road.There are a half a dozen large potholes on La Jolla Shores Drive between La Jolla Shores Lane and El Paseo Grande on  west side   street.  Please have  crew come out and address ALL OF THEM.  Just drive down La Jolla Shores Drive from N. Torrey Pines to El Paseo Grande and y will see all  m.Thanks
This is  most patic way  patching up a pot hole
Pothole for filling
Pothole for filling
Intersection  Callado and Acena has major deteriorarion where concrete meets asphalt
PER SDPD THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE INTERSECTION
pothole in  south side  Loring
Pothole has returned.  Every few monthths  happens.  Very bad when cars turning corner f  Geneese Ave onto Mt. Alifan Dr.  Please fill hole.
Pot holes from Arvinnels to Middle  Conrad Ave.  Same pot holes that were filled in last winter.  After  rain we had re back and more. Don't just have someone come out and fill one hole and leave 10 ors.
 is horrible  needs to be crushed and replaced wh a new road   hasn't been done for a while.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE STREET
Numerous small potholes on Cowles Mt Blvd northbound between Jackson & Lake Adalon Dr.
On evening  January 10, my vehicle struck pothole on Hotel Cir S going eastbound, about 200 yards east   entrance to Interstate 8.  Pothole flattened both passenger side tires  my vehicle.
A 4" wide crack across  width  Cumana Terrace, just north  Cedilla Pl.
There is a recurring pothole on La Jolla Village Drive, on  Eastbound side in  lane closer to  sidewalk.   The pothole is right in front  Aventine before you turn right into  Hyatt Regency La Jolla.  The pothole is big enough to damage tires.
Asphalt in alley is failing. Many potholes and gravel. Ramps were added for wheelchair access from sidewalk but alley is way too damaged for wheelchairs.
Potholes
pothole
Pothole in travel lane.
Trench from work area not properly filled

Monument cover broken
LARGE POTHOLE CAUSING VEHICLE DAMAGE
CUSTOMER IS CONCERNED THERE IS A POTENTIAL SINK WHOLE DEVELOPING INFRONT OF HER PROPERTY. STATES THTAT A CRACK HAS WIDENED AND DEEPENED A 1' IN ONE WEEK.
Pothole at  curb ramp at 3161 Adams Ave.
POTHOLE ON SANTO ROAD SOUTH OF CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD. AND SOUTH OF TIERRASANTA BLVD. AND SOUTH OF CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD.
Pothole in  westbound #2 lane at 324 West Washington St.
Pothole
Concrete in alley in between Blessed Sacrament Church and Blessed Sacrament School is broken, uneven, and hazardous.
Image is from Google Maps. PLEASE repair  poor condion   concrete section   street. 's  only rectangle section that is made  concrete.  is in poor condion, wh bumps and cracks, every time I drive by  my car's suspension takes a h. When are you going to fix?
Pot holes at intersection Garden Lane/Catalina Bl south part  intersection approximately.
Pot holes 812, 822, 832, and 832 Garden Lane/Catalina Bl(frontage road by houses west side  Catalina and west side  trees and shrubs)  and 880 Catalina Bl needs filling again.
Needs filling please.
Pot hole at south west corner at Pt Loma Ave intersection needs filling wh more asphalt.
BAD POTHOLE IN FRONT OF TROLLEY STA. WESTBOUND.
Large potholes right lane
Pot hole keeps getting bigger!
Several potholes at Keating Street and on Guy Street
Guy Street potholes at Keating Street

 needs to be crushed and replaced from twin trails to carmel mountain rd
Please repair all  craters in both directions in  street that is already in bad shape
Please repair all  craters and cracks  Afton Rd. This street is in bad shape high traffic use daily and gets low maintenance
This section   street is deeply potholed.  has not been repaired in years. The street to  West has been repaved I think over  water line replacement.The problem is made worse by  fact that when is rains  street, especially on  sides become a river.. Not much you can do about that but repaving would be a big help...
Pothole on center lane on westbound Balboa Ave. just before intersection  Cannington Drive.
cy crew had been working on pipes below street. They covered  holes but  is so uneven and bumpy that  jars all  parts on our cars. Must be smood out to be tolerable and drivable whout damage to car.   is  poorest road cover job I have ever seen. These people should be fired in addtion .
Pot hole in  bike lane at  souast corner as a result  poorpatch job.

SEVERAL DEEP POTHOLES NORTHBOUND ROSECRANS AT UPSHUR
The half mile section   road near  intersection wh Bernardo Center Drive is in heavy diss-repair. Multiple potholes, and a giant crack in  right line that is aprx  7 inches wide, and 100 yards long.
Aprx 1000 ft west  Rock View Court driveway, 20 by 10 section  road uplifted and cracked wh potholes, mostly in  bike line. Danger to cyclist. Aprx 5000 feet furr down  road, multiple road lifts and cracks from tree roots. Already marked wh whe paint for repair, but has not been repaired since being flagged over 1 year ago. In  bike lane, extreme danger to cyclist.
several potholes between nimz and canon on rosecrans
Tracking Number 00160370 on 11-2-17 incorrectly states that  status   as "closed".  But  hole in  middle   street has not been fixed.   is at 6707 Monte Verde Dr., 92119.
2 pot holes heading west
Several chunks  asphalt have come from multiple large cracks in  street at 6663 and 6667 Tuxedo Road, 92119.
This street has seen better days and could use a repave. My car is shaking apart. The adjacent street Viewridge avenue is also very bad, wh a large pothole at  Balboa Ave intersection (North on Viewridge / East on Balboa)
From 12685 Rios road - 12615 Rios road large potholes and asphalt debris in road in both directions.
2 Large potholes in alley between Bermuda Ave and Pescadero.
The pavement is broken on  alley between  Blessed Sacrament Catholic Church and Blessed Sacrament School.  might be a hazard to  children walking to  school or  people on ir way to mass.
Greg Gerhant's test case - please do not process
Dangerous condion.
This road gets constant bike traffic because  is segregated from car traffic on Sea World Drive. Why risk a bike lane? But  condions are terrible and deteriorating. Does  cy plan to let  road go back to nature?
Pothole left lane
PATCH OVER SEVERAL POTHOLES IN FRONT OF 3722, 3770 AND  3600 CROWN POINT DR

String  potholes (2-3) on left lane in west bond Balboa Ave.
Deep potholes at both entrance to Shell.
Large potholes
Potholes and ruts all along  street.
2 LARGE POTHOLES
POTHOLE
Dangerous condion. Pot holes throughout  intersection area.
Dangerous condion. Deep potholes.
Pothole

Poway road has several potholes and stress cracks as well as uneven paving on both  East bound and West bound sides running down  entire length   road.
Pothole on middle  street. Potholes at driveway. See photos.
Pothole in middle   street.
Pothole
Street has alot  small pot holes
  beginning   left turn lane on east bound Claremont mesa blvd
Big pothole right before left turn lane begins
Please fix  pot hole on Lyon street  (between 5055 Lyon Street and 5065 Lyon St.)Please also repair  edge   sidewalk (near  pot hole)Thank you!
A few potholes in  street that need to be filled
Road Maintenance Potholes - Balboa Ave, East  Mt. Albertine
Huge gaping hole on north side  Morena . Constant street issues wh holes and deterioration
Pothole
Lots  potholes
Very large pothole (and several smaller potholes) are present on NE-bound Sorrento Valley Blvd, just past  intersection  Sorrento Valley Rd/Sorrento Valley Blvd
Very harsh hole surrounding access cover. Asphalt built up over years  slurry sealing whout leveling  surface. Eastbound lane number 2 between mollendo and la cuenta.
Large crack and uneven surface
Big pothole in  right lane
series  potholes on Eastbound roadway at traffic light intersection  Carmel Mountain Road and Freeport RoAD
Pothole at intersection  Lemona Ave & Streamview Dr
On  severely heavily traveled Sea World Dr overpass over W. Pt Mission Bay Dr  asphalt leading up to  concrete overpass has been sinking for many years and poses a severe dangerous driving hazard. Needs immediate added asphalt for approximate smooth 5 feet leading up to and after  concrete overpass(BOTH SIDES) in all 3 east bound lanes direction and both west bound lanes toward Ocean Beach.  The sinking asphalt is getting worse by  week and needs added asphalt now. Spoon full patches at  concrete  joint is not acceptable-needs at least 5 feet or more on both sides   concrete overpass for a smooth and safe transion especially at  45 mph speed lim. Failure to fix  dangerous suation will lead to vehicle damage and possible accidents. Please add asphalt now please.     Thanks !!!!1
re is a large hole in Scrips Poway Parkway at  intersection  Scrips Poway Parkway and Village Ridge Rd.
Yesterday my mor fell on  street and hurt her ankle.   point we still don't know  her tendons were hurt. This street is horrible, and 's not  first time we trip. But on  occasion my mor is truly hurt. This needs to be fixed ASAP. 's a danger to all  us on  street.
Entire cul-de-sac covered in potholes/road damage. Major area in front  our driveway.  This area is used non stop throughout  day/night for any and all cars, trucks and delivery vehicles to make a u-turn.  This has caused us to repair and purchase several tires for our cars, due to  street decay.
Absolutely horrible asphalt filling on a underground utily line work by contractor or Cy  SD which traverses Health Center Dr both lanes in  approx location on  curve. Needs to be dug up and refilled wh a smooth compacted similar asphalt and ever wh  current street grade.  Thanks !
Some potholes west bound just as  asphalt street connects wh  concrete overpass portion on BOTH SIDES   concrete overpass.
Old pot hole northbound at  approx. location needs filling. Thanks.
Old pot hole in east bound lane in  approx location needs filling. Actually  extremely busy street wh heavy truck and vehicular traffic needs all new asphalt not slurry, please.
Lots  potholes along palm ave
There is a large pothole at  intersection  Sandrock Road and Aero Drive on  south side  Sandrock.
There is a pothole between Art Street & Mesa Drive on  south east side on  edge   street.
Going South on College Ave about 200 ft before you get to  I-8 re are huge potholes in  road. Thanks
Pothole & uneven dip
Pot hole south bound lane
left lane going towards  clairemont square
2 pot holes one at 4035 and or at 4131 conrad ave
Portholes right lane
#2 Lane west bound
Two issues:  1-Pothole at west end   street, several or areas in  neighborhood. 2- Kelowna was blocked f last year, and painted but never completed. A large tree root has exploded through  asphalt and re are several areas that are in need  repair.
Pothole on WB Frost St, adjacent to  "pedestrian crossing ahead" sign.
Pothole on WB Frost St, about 30-40 feet past  Poiset & Associates driveway.
Pothole on WB Frost St about 20-25 feet prior to parking garage for 7910 Frost St.
Pothole on WB Frost St in front   driveway for 7910 & 7920 Frost St
Navajo road and bisby lane intersection pot holes
San Vicente St and Billow Dr, San Diego, CA 92114
Pothole at Ted Williams E. at start  left turn lane.
Extremely dangerous pothole north  Pirotte drive on southbound 54th Street.
Pothole in  right lane on he corner  Palm Ave an Beyer Way (corner  Chevron).
fire dept requesting backhoe for structure fire
please fill 2 potholes at  address. pothole 1 is 2ft x2ft  pothole 2 is 3ft x 1ft  thank you
HELP, please fill a huge pothole that is 4ft wide x 4 ft long at  address
In  right turn lane re are multiple potholes and broken crumbling asphalt.Please fill two {2}potholes that are 2ft x 2ft and  broken asphalt area is 4ft long x 2ft wide. thank you
Pot hole getting larger
Small pot hole
Stagnant water build up
There are many potholes on  road.
POTHOLES FROM 11000-13000 POWAY
Large pothole at prior repair.
Pothole in  left through lane  SB Mercury St just before  lim line   intersection  Balboa Ave.
Pothole in right lane  WB Mesa College Dr between Health Center Dr &  SR-163 Undercrossing.
LARGE POTHOLE IN #1 & 2 LANE
POTHOLE AT ALLEY IN ASPHALT BETWEEN NEWTON AV & NATIONAL AV
Multiple potholes in  #1 lane Eastbound on Ted Williams between 15 and Shoal Creek Dr.
Multiple potholes in both lanes westbound on Rancho Carmel Dr between Shoal Creek Dr.  and Ted Williams / 56 onramp.
Pothole
Pothole on Shoal Creek Dr near Windcrest / Royal Melbourne Sq.  You have to straddle  pothole in oncoming traffic to avoid .
Pothole
Pothole
Just south   address on Paseo Lucido,  entire street on both sides   median needs resurfacing. 's extremely bumpy to drive over and chunks   road are causing potholes. Thank you for your attention.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Large holes on east bound side
Milton Street from Illion street East to Tokalon was resurfaced ~6 months ago and after  last ltle rain,  top coat has come f in many areas.
Pothole
11-11 24"x24" HOLE LEFT OPEN BY UNKNOWN
WEST SIDE OF STREET  LARGE POTHOLE WERE IT WAS PATCHED BEFORE
POTHOLE
Several potholes on southbound Black Mountain Road - far right lane.   Just before Twin Trails Dr.  In Rancho Penasquos
Pothole at  intersection  55th Street and Timothy Drive. The pothole appeared after we had  rains in early January. Since n  pothole continues to grow. Probably worth filling before  gets much larger.
Fairly deep pot hole, I h  yesterday. Nasty.    Potholes, large long ruts,  street has needed work for a long time.   same on  east bound side.
This street from midway & West Point Loma to Adrian Street have potholes everywhere, east & westbound
Pothole on  on ramp from mission center road to Friars by  Shell station.
There is a growing pothole in  alley behind  complex that includes 1443 Robinson Ave in Hillcrest.   is 3/4 down  ally before you get to  dead end   alley.
Westbound Balboa middle lane.  Potholes
Damaged street and potholes
Two pot holes
Numerous potholes
Unfinished trench fill after street work was performed
2 POTHOLES SB ON PONCA BEFORE MARGERUM
Pothole Balboa Ave. west-bound fast lane just past Cannington
Several potholes on westbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd. in front   Pleasant Inn motel.
Pothole Balboa Ave fast lane west bound just past Mt Albertine
The street, Balboa Arms,   behind Target and Home Depot, was repaved in September/October  2017.  They never came back out to paint  lines on  street.    is a very busy street and at night  is very dangerous whout  painted reflective lane lines down  center   street.   Please have m paint  reflective Center lines on  street ASAP !  ?s been over 3 months since y repaved  road.  Thank you
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole/deep depression in  eastbound lane  Red Rock Dr directly across from Waldgrove Pl
Major pothole!
Middle  street
Middle  street
Poway road, through sabre springs, has multiple potholes.
SEVERAL POTHOLES IN FRONT OF SALVATION ARMY
Just before you turn right onto Eastgate Mall, re are potholes right next to  curb by  entrance/ex   gas station.  Also as you turn onto Eastgate Mall,  road surface on  cross walk is so "lumpy",  needs to be smood.
Potholes and crazed asphalt.  Curbs and sidewalk should be installed before erosion removes all  base.  This is a neglected street segment.
Pothole
Pothole in parking lot turnaround
Not La Mesa,  approximately 20 feet  inside  San Diego cy lim Pothole on northbound across from 6206 Mountain Blvrd
Southbound Cowles Mountain Boulevard at Gloria Lake
Broken access hole cover and sinking street/ water
Major potholes
Major potholes
LARGE POTHOLE NB SUNSET CLIFFS BL
Northbound lanes Clairemont Drive 4500 block, a very large pothole
multiple potholes along poway rd (headed west).
multiple potholes and damaged road.   street badly needs to be repaved.  too many heavy vehicles ruin  street.
These are abandoned.They should have been picked up weeks ago.
Large potholes all over  street.
Asphalt seam that meets  cement at intersection wh Macawa Ave. is damaged.
Pothole at NE corner  Milton and Cecelia terrace.
Potholes everywhere on  cement part   street.
Huge pothole forming around a manhole where a big puddle is forming    I'm not sure exactly what  is but 's really dangerous. 's on  east side
Intersection  Windcrest Drive & shoal creek drive (92128) , several pothole around man hole cover in center  intersection, please quickly fix.  Thanks!!!!
Pothole near curb
Pothole developing near crosswalk
The road is extremely bumpy. This is a curve, I believe  should be as smooth as possible since you can loose control wh  uneven road.  looks like  road was patched but not properly.
slurry sealing was/is being done on Del Mar Heights Road. The bicycle lane I ride on a periodic bases westbound on Del Mar Heights Road is now more rough to ride than before  slurry sealing work in past few weeks - at lease westbound between Carmel Valley Road and Carmel Mountain road. I  may be  case also eastbound  causes more handlebar vibrations and  rider more prone to lose his or her grip and cause an accident.  Will  bike lane roughness be smood out as part   project or is  a contractor defect that needs to be remedied?  thanks



Rancho Carmel Drive needs to be completely re-paved on both sides between  Ted Williams Parkway on/f ramps and Carmel mountain road.  There are potholes , uneven streets and cracks in  streets all along  stretch  road.   is in very poor condion and is probably one   worst in my immediate area.
There are several potholes on Evelyn ST. They have repaved  street leading up to Evelyn. Yet 's been over 10 years since any matenance has been donone  our street. The potholes are a serious safety hazard. Please send someone soon.
Several potholes on both sides  Black Mountain Rd between Park Village Rd and Pimpernel St.
Pothole that is getting worse. Actually, re are two or three potholes in  area.
Lots  potholes .

Potholes are from both directions east and west from 6468-6490 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92117 to  6670-6898 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92117.  Road is damaged please ptch and  repair.
Road is damages: many potholes are in both east and wes directions.  Road has potholes, deep dracks.  Please reapir.  Direction from:  9500-9598 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92123 to 8303 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111
8212-8232 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111 to  to 5601-5699 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117Road has potholes, missing pavement deep 3 inch cracks please patch, repair and resurface.   Please repair now and resurface for  future.
Pothole
Damage is in both east and west, from 5542-6498 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117, USA to 4439 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117, USA
Water valve cover missing.  Open hole in middle  street
Road has potholes, missing pavement, 2 inch cracks in both north and south directions from 4201-4209 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109 to 4801-4859 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109.  Please resurface at some point in  future.  Please repair  road.
The asphalt on Oleander Drive is torn up for top to bottom on both sodes if  street.  During storms piecesn asphalt end up in yards and drains.
Pothole and sunken and raised asphalt causing bumpy and dangerous condions in  right turn lane against  curb at  North East corner   intersection  Nautilus Street and La Jolla Scenic Drive South
6190-6398 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111 to 6670-6898 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92117.  Potholes in both west and east.
Very poor street condion from Oggi?s/Starbucks plaza to Carmel Mountain Road shopping area! Get  on a high priory list!!! The cy cannot afford massive lawsus to widespread negligence and massive accidents and car damage due to  cy?s ommission to act by maintaining cy roads!! You?re ON NOTICE!!!!
Medium sized pothole in  left turning lane going South on Camino Santa Fe
Huuuge pothole next to curb.
Pothole needs repair
Road in disrepair.  Multiple potholes and weeds growing on street.
large pothole on NW corner on Mt. Alifan
Huge potholes on Pacific Highway northbound right after  concrete surface on  bridge becomes asphalt in  left lane. Potholes are unavoidable right here
Potholes in EB lanes and bike lane area
large pothole at Snowdrop St. and Sycamore Drive and one in  middle   street in front  4205 Sycamore Dr. 92105
Potholes in  block.
Several deep potholes and getting worse by  day. Please fill asap please.
3 potholes, eastbound RB Rd, at .2 & .3 miles east  Acena.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE  100FT WEST OF THE INTERECTION ON HOWARD.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE 100FT WEST OF THE INTERESCTION
Pothole
Pothole






Multiple potholes in  intersection
Pothole





Two large potholes
Pot hole
Third request to fix pothole that is getting larger and on pedestrian walk path and on onramp to  94 east highway on 28th street
There is a long line  cracks and holes on  Scripps Poway Parkway road that needs to be filled. Many cars tend to drive on  right side    center lane which narrows  gap between cars in  center lane and cars on  right lane.
Pothole in  Northbound lane
Pothole in  south bound right lane
Pothole in  south bound left lane immediately south   intersection wh Ute Drive
Pothol in  west bound right lane just before  concrete crossing  I-5 freeway
Multiple potholes near stop sign intersection  Longford St. & Acuna in Clairemont neighborhood
Multiple very deep potholes in roadway near middle  street (northbound side) near  house address
The entire road is deteriorating wh broken pavement, potholes, flooding and debris. Presents a real danger to bicycles, as well as pedestrians, runners, etc.  Appears to have no repair or maintenance attention.
potholes in  middle   street
potholes heading south on Broadway
Potholes all along bridge over  15.
2 potholes near  senior center at  Sabre Hill Dr x Evening Creek Dr. S intersection.
Pothole in  middle  Evening Creek Dr. N and Sabre Springs Parkway intersection.
In front  Epiphany Charter School, re is a huge pothole across  street from  school going West towards Woodman St. If a person decides to go past  speed lim, y can not only endanger mselves but ors by making  hole bigger, thus, giving in to  pavement. Thank you for your prompt response.
Pothole in slow lane  Rancho Penasquos Boulevard (heading north) near driveway that exs Starbucks/IHOP.
Pothole on southbound side  Rancho Carmel Drive near Provencal Place cross street.
The entire street has issue and holes and s a safety hazard
The pothole is east  2380 Alta View Drive, before  6700 block  Paris Way 's  biggest one on  street.
Heading north on Ted William, just before you near Shoal Creek re are 2 pot holes in  left lane near  curb,  2nd one is VERY deep & will begin to break people's car rims!  Needs emergency fix today !!!!
There are several potholes on Boston Avenue. Approximately one quarter   street is filled wh holes.
REPAIR HOLE & UNDERMIND CAN NOT HOLD FOR SAFETY REASON. AREA HAS BEEN BARRICADED WITH CONES
Both Carmel Mountain Rd & Rancho Carmel Dr are in desperate need  repairs.  They are full  pot holes in  entire area.
S/B, L/T LANE, SINKHOLE
Very large pothole in center  north side lane just uphill  "no parking" sign on oppose side  street.  This is extremely dangerous to bicyclists going down hill at any speed.  Down hill   large pothole in center  lane are multiple smaller but dangerous potholes.  This hazard represents a significant liabily to  cy resulting from an injury.
Potholes in  downhill lane between 2540 and 2641 Jackson St.
Located at very busy residential intersection. Currently about a foot wide, not yet very deep.
large pothole in middle  aquacate way next to aqumeil road
  end  Greens East Road, just before entry/ex on Country Club  Rancho Bernardo property, is a small pothole (pretty jarring, though, if you h )  on  San Diego street, just over  ex driveway line.   I've reported a similar pothole in years past, same spot.
Northbound HARBOR Dr. Left turn lane West on SAMPSON has a serious dip in pavement. The dip extends a b into  edge   left lane on Harbor.
There is a pothole that was filled a year ago and  has made  issue worse.  was not filled properly and instead  is now launching semi truck trailer beds into  air slamming m into  ground and creating anor pothole.
Submting several photos  potholes on Vickers St
Addional photos  Vickers St. a good portion   street is in need  repair as well.
Large hole that extends across  left 2 lanes  F Street right before  16th St light.  Hundreds  cars have to drive over  daily on ir commute into  downtown area.
Large pothole that extends across 3 lanes  F Street in  middle   intersection wh 11th Ave.   is impossible to avoid since 's so large.  Hundreds  commuters drive on F Street daily and have to contend wh  pothole.
Damaged Asphalt   1/2 ft. X 1 ft X 4 in deep   in several areas1. 17331 Francisco Dr.2. 17338 Francisco Dr.Center  street
Hi,I was wondering why  35th and 34th @ Madison Ave Improvements (CIP #ID S00922) only went from Adams to Madison on 35th. From Madison to Mead all along 35th  road is torn up in various spots along  sidewalk and curb as well as  streets, so  seems inefficient to put in  requests for all  potholes when  probably needs a resurfacing. Many children and parents walk and drive along  street to get to  elementary school, and I have seen two neighbors on bicycles pop a wheel on ir bike. We are a very bike-friendly neighborhood, except for  street between Madison and Mead on 35th. I am happy to provide pictures   location or add any more information. Thank you so much for your time!Sincerely,Haley Lesser
There are significant bumps, potholes, and poorly patch potholes, all along Gold Coast Drive between Waggenheim Middle School and Mason Elementary. These have been present for at least a year, while or nearby roads that were in better condion have more recently been resurfaced.
The street has a lot  potholes.  has been brought to our attention that  is a safety issue.
The entire cul-de-sac is covered wh cracks and holes. Cy came out in November and fixed one   major holes, but  street is horrible. My kids ride ir bikes and scooters in  street and ir tires are always getting caught in a crack or hole making m fall. I also have elderly neighbors who walk around  street on uneven ground. I?m afraid someone is going to get seriously injured, especially one  my kids. Something needs to be done to fix  street before that happens.
There is a growing pothole as you start traveling northbound on Diane Ave just north  Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
This strip  road is extremely filled wh uneven ground and potholes. Damaged my shocks last time i passed over  street.
Rectangular pothole is still here
POTHOLE
Pothole
Numerous potholes on  busy and prestigious street
Potholes right side southbound lane
Poorly filled in pothole here.
Line  potholes on  Western half   intersection  Genesee Ave and Health Center Dr.
Pothole NB Crest Way. By 13880 Crest Way.
Dip in street that cars h and  makes noise
Potholes in  NW quadrant   intersection   Clairemont Mesa Blvd at Ruffner St.
Pothole in  left lane
Heavy damage and potholes in right turn lane to aero dr
Large pothole on La Jolla Shores Dr, circled in attached photo.
Pothole in middle  street
Pot hall in middle  Street at EB Ingulf St stop sign
A massive pothole has formed in  northbound lane  Clairemont Dr. just north  Joplin Avenue.  May I ask that crews patch  pothole?  Thank you!
Pot holes
30 feet to  west   intersection  clairemont mesa blvd and chesapeke on clairemont mesa.
In front  chase bank and chase parking lot on clairemont mesa blvd where street asphalt meets concrete gutter.. Length is aprox 20 feet (2 sections).
Pothole
Pothole
The cy fixed and smooth all  or streets around Arruza Street last year wh  exception  Arruza Street (Arruza Street 3600+). The entire block has pot holes and is uneven. Respectfully request to have someone come down and fix. Thank you.
Lots  small potholes in  right lane for probably  whole half mile. This road really needs to be addressed overall


please fix  8205 ronson rd. s a big step. thanks
Pothole
Potholes

Pothole on NB Health Center Dr. just barely north   intersection  Frost St.
Potholes and cracks
Potholes and cracks
Large potholes here.  Nearby intersection has badly damaged asphalt.
Potholes
2 holes in  middle   street. As if someone dug  and left . No one around construction wise around and no signs or anything. Gravel and asphalt from holes are everywhere and going to potentially damage vehicles parked and driving
Potholes and cracks


Deep pothole and very rough asphalt on EB Washington under  5 overpass.  20 year problem.
Potholes and badly damaged asphalt.
Pothole
Had to go to emergency room after rolling ankle on  hole
Potholes as you approach  intersection  Laurel.

Asphalt over concrete is coming up leaving uneven pavement. The asphalt is breaking up more and more every day.
Pothole located in center  road
Pothole on eastbound Westmore Dr just past  intersection  Camino Ruiz
Many giant potholes, still in right lane
Large pothole where asphalt meet cement gutter on west side right where y repave  street recently
Major bus surf in  turn pocket heading south onto Normal from ECB.
Large potholes on La Jolla Shores Dr, circled in photo.
Pothole in  #1 lane  westbound Balboa Ave past Cannington Dr next to  Barclay Square apartments
Pothole in northbound right lane just after  speed lim sign
Pothole
Multiple potholes on Winnett between Federal and TooleyJust repave  street.
Pothole starting in  middle   intersection  San Diego Mission Rd and Rancho Mission Rd. The intersection where  7-Eleven is, 's right in  middle   4-way crossing.
Multiple requests already made. Please repair craters, cracks, and even a BUMP on  street. 's not in good condion and 's getting worse by  seasons. Thank you
Series  pot holes
6 bad potholes
Three deep potholes each over a foot in diameter heading west on Clairemont Drive right before you get to  bridge over interstate 5 freeway.





There is a pothole in  street in  5200 block  Logan Ave I have h  thing several times and probably causing damage to me and my family's vehicles.
POTHOLE



Potholes, asphalt is coming up, chunks missing
Several pot holes at  intersection  Winnett st & Radio. Also up & down both streets.Thank you.
Pothole getting bigger and bigger around manhole, almost 3 feet wide
LRG POTHOLES IN FRONT OF ADDRESS
Pot holes in need  repair.
Pothole/sunken asphalt around man hole.
Multiple pot holes on Catoctin near  ex   apartment bldg
Potholes around stop lines in both directions
Pothole
Again You closed a request whout fixing  pothole.  Here's a new request same pothole.  Maybe you can actually do  work  time
My vehicle has suffered major damage due to  potholes in  Pacific Beach area which I have attached photos. This has been an ongoing issue for months which has cost inially over $2400.00 in service fees for maintenance and now again now for my power steering which I will have to pay for diagnostics and repair again. I'm requesting to be reimbursed by  Cy  San Diego by Assemblymember Todd Gloria.
Narrow utily trench
Hole
New pothole on La Jolla Shores Dr, around 8228.High traffic area so  pothole is growing quickly.Thanks!
Torn up section  road at  corner  Travis Ct and Clearspring Rd.
Middle  road 10" round deep pothole.  Causing vehicle tire damage
Multiple potholes.
There are dozens  potholes on Universy Ave in both directions. I cannot put 30 different requests per block. The worst is at  location going east where  Kroc Center ends. PLEASE REPAIR IN BOTH DIRECTIONS. thank you
Giant potholes everywhere. There are at least 5 potholes in  right lane.
Potholes for days about bottom  Washington Street
Dangerous depressions resulting from improperly filled trenches resultant fromstreet work.  There are six to eight  se repair sags on Bisby between Verlane and Navajo Rd. These are capable  causing severe tire, rim, and/or alignment.   will happen if se are not filled properly!
Ridiculous pothole, southbound side  street. Big enough to f a Fiat.
Alley between Grand And Thomas big pothole
Washington St at Pacific Highway has more potholes than an adolescent's face
Pothole in northbound Clairemont Dr.  Before Clairemont Mesa Blvd intersection
Pothole
Pothole
SB La Jolla Shores, near T-junction  wh Biological Grade, 2 new potholes
Several pot holes that are slowly getting bigger as you ever Fond Du Lac Ave
Potholes and cracks on W Washington both East and West bound from Hawk Street to Fifth Avenue.
multiple deep potholes up and down our street
Numerous Potholes on W Washington between India and Pacific Highway (especially beneath  overpass). Request repaving  whole thing.
Pothole at  bus stop on W Washington between Wells Fargo and Vons.
POTHOLE WITH CRACK AND CHUNKS KEEP COMING UP FROM IT,
There are two pot holes on Ruffin Road in front  3990 Ruffin Road in  left-turn lane and  or right at Ruffin and Calle Fortunada on  north-bound lane  traffic.  They have been re since our last round  rain in Dec or Jan. Please repair.
The street transion to our Entrance Driveway on 5th Ave. is sinking, causing our Driveway to be higher, which causes vehicles to enter our driveway left side lose control  vehicle when vehicle hs  raised portion. Also causes vehicle alignment Problems. Can we get  sink hole filled wh Concrete or give us  permission (  owner's representative) to get  repaired.
The street transion to our Entrance Driveway on 5th Ave. is sinking, causing our Driveway to be higher, which causes vehicles to enter our driveway left side lose control  vehicle when vehicle hs  raised portion. Also causes vehicle alignment Problems. Can we get  sink hole filled wh Concrete or give us  permission (  owner's representative) to get  repaired.
The stretch  road between Navajo and Jackson is very warn down wh several large pot wholes and just very rough road.
Along  curb line and in  middle   crosswalk I sent  report him once before and you guys replied you didn't see  hole
Curb line
Cuca Str from Penasquos Dr to Carmel Mountain Road needs to be slurry coated.  There are multiple pot holes and  condion   road is poor.
The condion  Carmel Mountain Road between Ted Williams Freeway and i15 is extremely poor.  The 1 lane when heading northbound has multiple potholes, broken pavement, and is dangerous to drive on.
20 potholes in 4600 block  Alvarado Canyon Rd.
Fix  pothole in  middle   road on Mission Center Rd., area location street side by Food For Less/UFC Gym.
The gutter and adjacent asphalt is failing.
Pothole in southbound lane right before light, close to double yellow. Please fix asap!
Properly aligned wheels are for rookies anyway!
PER WASTE WATER UNIT 739 11-11 SINKING AREA IN STREET
Pothole in road
Pothole
LARGE pothole just south  Dudley intersection on Silvergate...also, smaller potholes in general area....
Large Pothole on Dudley right before you enter Catalina...middle  street...
So many potholes on Highwood Dr between Bisby Lake and Coleshill. I travel re regularly wh a disabled passenger and  is so bumpy and so painful. All  or streets ah e been resurfaced but not  one.
Large pothole on middle lane



Bisby lake between Navajo and Maury Dr. 5-7 potholes!
Pothole in left turn lane. This turn lane directs traffic from WB Linda Vista Rd to SB Ulric St. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.
Several months ago, Pomerado Road subsided near a cy manhole cover by several inches.   Some cy crew has made two low qualy patches that extend into  heavily used bicycle lane.   These patches are very uneven in  bike lane and threaten to throw any cyclist who is not already aware   poor condion f ir bike and into traffic.   Despe several months and obvious cy awareness (when being repaired  traffic cones were marked as Cy  San Diego), no furr qualy fill has been made.  If not fixed,  communication should be turned over to  cy attorney for when  someone is inevably hurt or killed here and  cy is sued.
Many potholes, missing pavement that needs to be patched and patch  3 inch cracks that run on both sides east and west   following areas:  6261-6391 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111 to 7849 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111
Multiple potholes in alley behind address, all  way to Polk.
Pothole in left lane  NB Genesee Ave, about 500 feet prior to  intersection  Linda Vista Rd. I did report , but  was closed and not resolved.  I realize in  previous report re wasn't a photo, so in  photo, I figured photographic evidence would help.
Uneven pavement chunk is popping up in  right  lane  SB Genesee Ave , in front   driveway  American Legion Post #731.
MULTIPLE POTHOLES HEADING TOWARDS OLD TOWN
Pothole number 2 Lane 3713 Rosecrans near  Burger King
Pothole at entry to alley running between 6th and 7th Ave., behind condo located at 666 Upas St. .  The pothole is at  entry to  long portion   T shaped alley.
deep "sink hole" type pot hole in front  6284 avenida cresta. Bent  rim on my bike! About 18" diameter and 5" deep.
Pot hole on number 1 lane on east bound Friars Rd before intersection  Friars Rd & Riverdale St.
North Park- Park Parking east side is unacceptable. Incredibly messed up, & crumbling apart.
Seven (7) potholes on a stretch  eastbound Scripps Poway Pkwy starting adjacent to Spring Canyon Neighborhood Park (a Cy park) and ending at  intersection  Scripps Creek Drive.
There is a walking/running/biking trail along Sabre Springs Parkway by Creekside Elementary School.  About a year or so ago a small sinkhole opened up just f   trail and caused some   trail to wash away.  Since that time  cy has put up a number  temporary fences to keep people f   trail but in all  time re has been no indication  a plan to actually FIX or fill in  hole (or at least  part   trail that was affected. In  meantime people have been using  trail wh no issues until  week when  cy was out wh a large crew welding up a more permanent fence.THIS is why many people hate government,  is a great trail and  answer to doing  real (simple) job  fixing something is to close  trail and ruin  for  hundreds  people who use  every week.  When I spoke to  guys doing  work  week y all - to a man - basically said  same thing -  fencing f   trail MAKES NO SENSE.So what is  plan wh  trail?
Deep in crossing
Deep in road..cor. Of Ibis St and W.Wash.St
Pothole
Right lane near ltle block buildings wh red tile ros
Small, hard to avoid.
Pothole on  street, going EAST on Pinecrest Ave before  intersection. Please repair. 's also closer to  divider, and  street is narrow so you always h .
Going south on Kearny Villa Rd on  Right Lane. Pothole
Pothole
Giant pothole in alley
Pothole
Pothole
Several pot holes on  block
South/ North bound roadway  Rancho Carmel Drive need some serious repair. Potholes from Carmel Mt Road to Provenal Way. This area hasn't seen any repairs and is an embarrassment to  communy and cy. The neglect and non responsiveness after multiple complaints is  a shame.
Lots  running potholes
Double-Pothole. Hs both wheels. Antigua Northbound in #1 lane - cross street is Renata. Whole road is bad, and getting worse.
Two potholes right in  intersection heading east from sunset cliffs onto  8 E onramp. Thanks!
Huge pothole , near  restroom.
Uneven roadway in front  2201 Hotel Cir S, San Diego, CA 92108Damaging to tires and shocks
Large and deep pothole on I-805 just before Kearny Villa Rd. on  far right lane.  caused heavy tire damage to our vehicle and  tire needed to be replaced.
Very rough street on Boulder Lake Avenue 92119 between Cowles Mountain Avenue and Navajo Avenue. Constant temporary repair wh asphalt dumps that get pounded out very soon by traffic. This is a busy street, is like f roading to drive . Side streets get full repair, but not  portion. This street has significant traffic including to Gage Elementary School. I drive  3-4 times a day to and from my house. Rattles my car to death! And me! Has not had a full coverage street repair for 5-7 years. Thanks for your attention!
Numerous potholes
big potholes and wide cracks on asphalt
Right land at intersection east bound.
 intersection
Many pot holes along  east bound lanes  W. Mission Bay Dr.
Many potholes along  transion rd and numerous raised asphalt from all adjacent tree roots to Sea World Dr.
Pot hole in right most west bound lane.
severe crack







Potholes in both east and west bound lanes.  Also, multiple potholes on Camino del Rio North.
Pothole and southbound lane
MULTIPLE P/H ALONG 4400-4600 BLOCK
In  street
On Lake Andra at Boulder Lake Ave
Deep pothole on just repaved location southbound on left lane. Repave wasn't filled in properly.
Pot hole
Pothole/ Dch in Street next to bus stop outside Wells Fargo
Pothole

Potholes and constant flooding

Deep pothole
Pothole


Potholes
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes in bike lane


Damaged asphalt
Badly damaged asphalt in crosswalk
Deep rut in road
Pothole

Pothole reported more than 30 times
Sinkhole around recently accessed and unpressionally patched up sewage (or similar) hole. Left side  right lane.
Street in bad shape, many potholes and a lot  street asphalt pavement distress(alligator Cracking)
Large series  potholes that are damaging cars at Universy Ave and Rolando Blvd.
Large series  potholes damaging cats at Universy Ave and Rolando Blvd.
Pothole in  southbound left lane  Clairemont Drive
Pothole in  southbound left lane  Cl;airemont Drive immediately north   intersection wh Balboa Ave
Issue not addressed under ticket # 00293394: Sinkhole around recently accessed and unpressionally patched up sewage (or similar) hole. Left side  right lane.
Potholes all over C street
Pothole on northbound Convoy Street near  souast corner  Kearny Mesa Rd.
Pothole on eastbound Rosecrans Street near  corner  Kurtz Street.
Pothole on westbound Genesee Ave.
The whole street has potholes creating damages to tires, dangerous driving condions, y accumulate water on rainy days creating home for mosquoes can carry diseases. 's been years and years no work done  is 3rd report hopefully something is done to resolve problem.
There are numerous sections  uneven pavement in  alleyway between 7600 block  Girard Ave. and Hershel Ave. There are multiple potholes that are 1.5" deep. Part   alley near Torrey Pines Road got filled in at  beginning  February, but addional work is needed behind  apartments and businesses.
Potholes in whole street causes damage on vehicles , accumulates water on rainy days where mosquoes grow can cause diseases.
just opening up . pavement cracked and pieces  a/c on roadway.

Rancho Bernardo rd from Poway to  15 is a street crumbling under our tires. And why would you go to  expense  installing Rancho Bernardo signs in  medians when  roads are in such terrible shap. Who?s stupid idea was that?
Pothole near driveway to gas station.
Multiple potholes along street
Still water not draining
There is a pothole around a whe water cap (see picture).  This is across from  fire hydrant.  10323 Mesa Madera Dr San Diego CA 92131.
Pothole on north side  street
Pothole
Several potholes in  mostly in  #2 eastbound lane between Fairmount and Collwood
This entire road is horrible! When will  ever get repaired?
Utily cover has been loose for over a year. Now starting to damage furr at cars drive over  and wear out support surface.  Please repair before  becomes a hole. Thank you!
Several potholes in  center   pedestrian boardwalk. Saw a few skaters and bladers nearly fall on m.
A series  potholes, I'd say about 4-5, each about a foot in diameter, south bound(down hill) on LJ shores drive, starts near Biological grade. They are in  travel lane.Thanks for your help.
This pothole is been uncover more than 30 Days now
numerous large pothole on  east side   5600 block  Soledad RD
Big hole in center westbound lane just east   intersection
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Huge potholes in center westbound lane a bout 3 inches deep
Multiple potholes/crumbled pavement on Mt. Blanca from Mt. Brundage to Mt. Everest.  The entire street really needs to be re-paved.
Someone tripped here.
Multiple pot holes as road spls towards 8 onramps
large pothole just before light.
Pothole on  right most lane
Pothole
POTHOLES  2 VERY LARGE ONES
Pothole at east intersection  Genesee & Manou.
South bound 163  6th Ave f ramp, left lane large pothole has reopened
Pothole
Asphalt potholes 3804 Midway Dr.   92110   NorthWest Bound  East lane
Potholes
Asphalt on West Washington Street needs to be repaved from 9th Ave down to Ibis as multiple potholes and bumpy roads.  As well as W Washington at  bottom   hill from India to  train tracks.  Please repave, long overdue.
Street is bumpy and has potholes.
Large bump on West Washington right before bridge over highway 163.
Cracks and pothole on W Washington East and West Bound
BETWEEN  520 AND  540  FRONT ST  THERE IS A DEPRESSION IN THE STREET
Macaulay st. from Dana middle school down around  corner continuing onto Plum street is terrible on both directions
Number 1 lane eastbound
Pothole
SEVERAL POTHOLES
On Vista Sorrento Prky not far from  post fice (in Sorrento Valley)  road had some work done. Then  workers patched  & did a less than acceptable job. Today (2.12.18) I noticed that  patch had been re-worked (fixed  hole from  first patch job), however, was left raised & sloppy work has been done again. I'm sure se workers are paid much better than I & have benefs that are amazing, but here's  question...Why is  qualy  work less than acceptable? Please have someone look at  completed work & smooth  so  is level wh  existing road so my car doesn't take an unnecessary h.  Many thanks, Vicki Harney 858-213-9544
ABOUT 9 POTHOLES  BOTH SIDES OF THE STREET SCATTERED THROUGHOUT THE BLOCK
Large and deep pothole on Mt. Abernathy between Chateau and Mt. Abernathy Ct. on  east side   center divider in  north bound lane.  looks like  is getting deeper every week.
Pot hole in  right lane coming f   163
Big ol pothole in left westbound lane just past  intersection
Pothole on southwest corner  Nimz Blvd and Sunset Cliffs
Pothole in south bound lane
The potholes on our street and  condion  Ridgeway Drive is awful.  When we have taken our cars in to be serviced or tires changed or rotated,  mechanic always asks us if we live in  country because our cars take a beating.  We have patiently waed for our turn to be repaved and  potholes filled as we watch every or street in Kensington be repaved and repaired.  We have been told numerous dates that  work will start  month or that month and those dates have come and gone.  When might we be able to see some progress on  urgent matter.
 whole road both sids need to be replaced and crushed badly  from carmel mountain rd cross street black mountain rd all  way to twin trails drive  cross street black mountain rd
There have been a few potholes around  old town area. The location I put down is to show general area  potholes are in. I work in Old Town and 's troublesome having to maneuver around m. Sometimes I'll forget y're re and accidentally h m. If  potholes can be fixed soon I'd appreciate . Unfortunately, I didnt take a picture  m because  slipped my mind, but y are on San Diego Avenue and  area where  spls into Congress Street. Thank you for your time.
Work was done on  street but was not repair correctly.  There is now a deep canal like were  work was done

Pothole
Pothole
2 large potholes in  left lane
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
s a big pothole. That gets bigger every time  rains.
Pot hole n bound
Big pothole west  genesee
The Cy used our street (Havenhurst Drive) as a staging se for maintenance work on our street and surrounding Muirlands area over  last 18 months. The result: 1 ghastly pothole in front  our driveway (getting larger every day) wh concrete  cracking around  as  expands in front  our driveway entrance plus  2 ors near . These were tiny when work started, Cy trucks made m HUGE before leaving. Cy employees felt bad y were not authorized to repair.
Large number  potholes before  start   ramp to I-8.
Southbound Brannia Blvd. at  intersection  Airway Rd., re are two potholes
Southbound Brannia Blvd. between Airway Road and Siempre Viva, re are many potholes in both southbound lanes.
Potholes center lane just east   intersection
 entire road is worse than anything i saw just coming from Baja, Mexico.  's a sad state that we have  tax base that we have here and you allow an entire road deck to dissolve and become a constant dust storm for every vehicle  that uses  road.  's a travesty.  local govt is...  ...well.... just like all or govt.  too big, too expensive and can barely stay out  s own way.  HOWEVER, you just completely repaved both streets in front   school that needed NOTHING!  THEY WERE ABSOLUTELY FINE - MAYBE A 9 OR 9.5 OUT OF POSSIBLE 10.  and you re-did m anyway!!  you really need to get smarter about how you waste our money and look at something before you just throw money at .  why not look at  areas and roads that have no record  any service for 15 to 20 years.   area is chocked full  m and you don't care.  but i'm sure  taxes will go up again next year so you can have a retirement program that i could not buy even if i had  funds....
Pothole in left turn lane
Numerous potholes
Missing asphalt and large potholes.  15 year problem, please make meaningful repairs.   Nearby intersection is also in terrible condion.
Terrible pothole and damaged asphalt.  5th request
Potholes on Tarrangona Dr. Streets are cracked as well.
A few huge potholes when turning left from Roselle St onto  I5 South ramp.
The access road which leads to  library parking lot is deteriorating to  point that patching potholes is no longer sufficient.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON THE 5100 BLOCK OF OF 69TH ST
  entrance  our assigned parking space re is a pothole that needs to be repair,  pothole has months whout been repaired and is growing in size , we  tenants at covering  wh dirt, bark etc wh  purpose to avoid any damage to our cars. We have 6 parking spaces that and we have to drive over  pothole. The address is from 12455 to 12465.We would appreciate very much if you please could take   pothole as soon as possible.Thank you.
Pothole
The street Boulder Lake north  Navajo Road needs to be RESURFACED badly.  south  Navajo on Boulder Lake just  resurfaced about 3 or 4 blocks,  Men repeatedly come out to fill potholes but  problem is much bigger than that,  All our streets were resurfaced several years ago and yet  main driving street was not done.  Please add  street onto your resurfaace list.  Thanks.  Janice McMillan
Large pothole on Gobat where  dead ends at Stresemann
Large pothole on Garnet at souast corner  Garnet and Mission Bat
Large pothole right lane heading west on Governor Dr
Pothole
NB left lane near median. Two potholes whin 10 feet
Pothole
Numerous potholes in front  Junior high
Still didn't fix  one but you went ahead and closed  anyway
Big pot hole. Whole intersection  is messed up
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes on Hollister between Grove and Imogene San Diego CA 92154
Pothole
LARGE POTHOLE IN MID OF ST. ABOUT 4X3 FT AND 6 INCHES DEEP RESULTING IN PIECES OF BROKEN UP ASPHALT IN THE ST
large potholes in front  5267 Fontaine Street
Potholes from Imperial to Treat St. on 28th St.  Chronic problem!!
Pothole
Pothole
Deep pothole on Carmel Mountain Road at  ex   shopping center, just outside  concrete driveway.  SUV was exing center, turning right onto eastbound CM Rd and sunk into  pothole. Looked like a rough dip from 20ft away - would be terrible for smaller cars.
Please repair  many potholes, broken pavement, 3 inch cracks that run on Clairmont Mesa Blvd from 5528-5540 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117 to 8133-8181 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111
Potholes and cracked surface.
Potholes ltered on multiple lanes going towards airport for  next  3/4  a mile stretch.
Last Wednesday speed bumps were placed on my block whice are not sloped.  As you can see in  photo, y have a jagged edge and do not curve into  bump.   is not right that y done improperly and just left that way.  This is causing damage Timmy vehicles which  cy  San Diego is not going to pay for.  I am a taxpaying cizen and if you're going to place speed bumps on our street, which no one wants to begin wh, n y could at least be done properly.
pot holes on  on ramp  Mesa College Dr/Kearny Villa Rd (ex 20A) from 805 N
There is a deep indentation, 20' x 3' from a pipe trench that has settled at least 4"deep  in  street in front   address that is an extreme hazard to a bicyclist, motorcycle and vehicles.
Pothole
Last Wednesday several speed bumps were placed on my block. They were not done properly and do not slope into  bump. There is a jagged edge that lifts straight up from  street.  This is causing unnecessary damage to our vehicles. Can you please get someone out here to fix se  speed bumps. As a tax paying cizen if I'm going to be forced to have se bumps on my street, that neir me or my neighbors want, y can at least be done correctly.   Thank you
Last Wednesday several speed bumps were placed on my block. They were not done properly and do not slope into  bump. There is a jagged edge that lifts straight up from  street.  This is causing unnecessary damage to our vehicles. Can you please get someone out here to fix se  speed bumps. As a tax paying cizen if I'm going to be forced to have se bumps on my street, that neir me or my neighbors want, y can at least be done correctly.   Thank you
Multiple potholes in both right lanes
Small pothole
Pot hole
Needs to be fixed AGAIN.
Porhole in northbound slow lane just south  Lehrer.
The entire stretch   Poway Road from I-15 to Oak Knoll Road is fill  potholes.  On both sides   road - east and westbound.The cy  Poway has taken care  ir section.  The Cy  San Diego part is what needs to be fixed.   is terrible
Potholes and cracks
Cracks and ruts in bike lane
Poway Rd (cy owned part) is bad all  way from I-15 east to  end   cy lims at Iola Way.  East  Iola,  Poway/County owned part has already been totally re-paved.
Major failing patches for all  pot holes along western Clairemont drive approaching I5.   The road is in such bad condion  ruptured one  my tires today.
Eastbound center Lane: starting about 1000 feet before  intersection. Dozens  smaller broken open potholes.   13929 -13989 Ted Williams Pk @ Shoal Creek Dr
There are various potholes along  road on both sides   street which makes  dangerous to drive and can cause and accident. The whole street is very poorly maintained.
There is a pot hole on Montezuma Rd between Zura Way and East Falls View Dr. I could not attached a photo because  is in  middle  a very busy street.
There are about three potholes located on 63rd St. Since  is an area wh a good amount  traffic flow, I believe that  would highly benef  communy if  issue was resolved.
Pothole
9165 Gold Coast Drive west bound side, a large pothole (approx. 20" by 20"). When is Gold Coast Drive going to get resurfaced?
Corner  Meadowlark Lane/ extension  Genesee to  east.   north corner SB on Meadowlark ln. re is considerable raveling or washboarding at  intersection. Most vehicles familiar wh  se avoid  by pulling into  incoming lane to turn right onto westbound Genesee toward  7-11 on  next corner. This problem was addressed several months ago but nothing has happened.
9055 Gold Coast Drive on east bound side 3 potholes. When is Gold Coast Drive going to be resurfaced?
Multiple Potholes just before  intersection heading west on Poway rd
Numerous potholes on transion lane.
Pothole just where asphalt meets concrete bridge southbound lanes
Numerous potholes from Mission Bl to Gleason Rd and furr east bound to bridge.
Long narrow potholes cracked pavement northbound Mission Bl just in front  west side Starbucks needs filling please.
Numerous pot holes west bound from bridge to and past Gleason Rd to Mission Blvd. needs filling please.
Pot hole south bound Mission Bl just north  Kings Ct needs filling.
Numerous pot holes in  entire intersection Voltaire and Sunset Cliffs Bl all sides and in  middle needs filling before new slurry or repaving. New asphalt would be best.
Please fill southbound lane.
Numerous potholes whin  entire intersection Sunset Cliffs Bl and Long Branch Ave all lanes in OB needs filling please. Thanks.
Pothole needs filling approx location. Thanks
Pot hole at  location needs filling. Thanks !
Numerous pot holes throughout  all sides and in  entire intersection Voltaire and Ebers St needs filling please.
Pot hole needs filling at  address approximate location.
Pot hole degraded pavement due to water runf middle  south side  intersection  Catalina Bl and Coronado Ave.  Needs smooth filling  very busy street. Thanks.
Pot hole on Del Mar Ave side   corner property at 1603 Catalina Bl just souast    Catalina Bl. needs filling. Thanks
Bache 4350 Fairmount and universy - pothole
NORTH SIDE THREE INCHES DEEP 1 1/2 INCH WIDE HOLE IN STREET SOMEONE FELL
Going North on N. Torrey Pine Rd between La Jolla Shores Dr and Muir College Dr re are lots  bumps and many potholes in  fast lane, due to  roots  eucalyptus trees growing in  median.  To avoid  road damage cars need to move out  ir lane which is hazardous.

MANY POTHOLES
Pothole in right turn lane  eastbound Tierrasanta Blvd.
There is a pot hole on  cross walk crossing Market Street, parallel to Front Street.
There are two potholes in  area. One is much bigger and deeper than  or but  is unsafe because cars try to go around . Sometimes people drive straight through m and  is bad for  car's tires.
Test.  Do not process.
The entire street is in terrible condion and needs repair, resurfacing, etc
Pothole
Pothole
Lots
MAJOR POTHOLES FROM SAWTELLE TO SAN VICENTE
Pothole, NB Scranton Rd.
Please fill in  pothole whin  number 3 eastbound lane  North Harbor Drive.  is approximately 1x2 feet in diameter.thank you
West bound
West bound before  intersection. Gave me a flat tire.
Large pothole in middle  South Crosswalk at Aztec Walk & 55th St. Large numbers  pedestrians cross here everyday and I wnessed multiple people trip and fall during a Basketball game.
Parents that drop f ir kids here runs over  potholes frequently. They're afraid that y're tires or car will be damage. The hole has gotten bigger and bigger.
Parents that drop f ir kids here frequently run over  pothole. Their afraid I'll damage ir tires or car. The hole has gotten bigger and bigger.
Deep Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
pothole
This whole street is in bad condion and has not been resurfaced since I moved here in 1977.  The residents have been requesting resurfacing and are getting  run around.  E. Palisades which runs into Ridgeway  has been resurfaced, torn up and resurfaced again--all in  last year.  I think  street has been forgotten just like  street sign that was leaning on a light post for 6 months after  was removed for some reason.  Can you please send someone to 'at least' look at  street to see all   potholes.
Pothole on  right most lane at  junction  asphalt and concrete (bridge)
Multiple potholes in section spanning 50-75 yards.
Large pothole and damaged concrete in  intersection.
Pothole.
Crews are not repairing se.  Stop closing requests unless y are completed
Pot holes near stop line on Soaring Drive.
LARGE POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
We have been assured by  cy that our street, Ridgeway Drive, would be repaved as  December 2017, or January 2018. Nothing has happened. We have been told several times in  past that our street would br repaved, but  has never happened, although streets around and near us have been fixed. Please consider helping us out: we REALLY need repairs. Thank you, Joan Ford
Potholes and chunks  loose asphalt around all manholes up and down  road
Corner  Parc Lido and Del Sol. West bound side  Del Sol, right by stop sign. Thank you!
East bound side  Del Sol Blvd. Corner  Parc Lido and Del Sol Blvd.
Report  00294194  Street needs to be resurfaced.  Now adding photos.  These are just a fraction   decay.

Collier Ave between Austin Drive and 54th to  east is deteriarated wh potholes, servere cracks and spalling  asphalt sections.  The ride is rough and rocky for two blocks. According to your repairman who worked in  area last year,  surface needs to be removed and replaced... is too damaged to repair.
Pothole
The stretch  35th from Madison to Adams is badly in need  repair. The potholes are starting to join toger and forming long fissures in  road that make driving on  street tough. In all honesty,  entire stretch  road needs to be repaved.
Multiple potholes where concrete meets asphalt.
Pothole in street and would like for  to be filled to help traffic and damage to vehicles.
Pothole/sunken 2x2 area - westbound, middle  street
AIR X COMPANY DID SOME DIGGING AND CAME ACROSS A SINKHOLE, THEY COVERED IT UP WITH PATCH! FOREMAN IS KEN BASSET AT 760-809-8877
Pothole in  left lane more towards  center   two lanes
Westbound number 1 lane
Westbound number 1 lane
This section  Scripps Poway Parkway has been neglected for years.  Numerous areas  holes, long ruts and worn damaged street surface.   When is  street going to get re-surfaced?
 Is very difficult to turn onto Calle de Las Rosas from Ranch Penasquos Blvd because  all  deep holes in  road, and re is NO room to go around  area whout causing an accident.Also, re are 2 large raised areas in  pavement on Calle de Las Rosas heading West as you approach La Tortola.All  streets around us were repaved except ours ???
A lot  cracks and potholes all along  street. Chunks  black pavement have broken f  base course and cement. These roads have been neglected for years and are damaging our tires and  make  streets and neighborhoods bad
In crosswalk tripping pedestrians
POT HOLE IN MID ST
The street is in terrible disrepair and needs to be repaved. Please let me know a date when  is scheduled.
Many pot holes on  street.




Middle and right lanes  Fairmount Ave going north before reaching  freeway entrance ramp. They are a few potholes and craters please fix thank you
9185 Gold Coast Drive a pothole in  west bound lane. When is Gold Coast going to be resurfaced? We have been waing years.
The lane that merges onto Taylor Street is riddled wh pot holes and broken asphalt. I believe  has been repaired before but because   amount  traffic and size  vehicles  does not take long before erosion sets in.There are also a couple  potholes just after  merge on Taylor Street.
Originally opened (and closed) as report  00291840 Despe  closure   original report,  pothole was NOT repaired and is now even bigger.Location: on La Jolla Shores Dr., in front  8228.
The entire street is full  potholes and cracks making  very unsafe for any sort  foot traffic, bikes, scotters, etc.  has also caused some damage to my own personal vehicle. I have been on Ridgeway for 12 years and watched all or streets around ours get repaved.
Craters in westbound direction  Alvarado Canyon Road
I am I resident on Cleveland Ave. Our streets were just redone beautifully smooth and new. A condominium development at 4381 Cleveland brought in a back hoe company and completely undid  work done. Leaving behind a huge uneven surface. Cars have to drive around  orwise  is like hting a speed bump.
Large sinking asphalt strip across  street both lanes for old underground utily line causing severe blunt shock to vehicles. Please fill in smooth to existing grade and compact. Will help make a smoor ride whout sharp jolt to cars, etc. Thanks.
This street was used to store stuff to fix  alleys and  street got destroyed.  They never came back to fix  aftermath.
Fairly large pothole in  road
The lane that merges onto Taylor Street is riddled wh pot holes and broken asphalt. I believe  has been repaired before but because   amount  traffic and size  vehicles  does not take long before erosion sets in. There are also a couple  potholes just after  merge on Taylor Street.
There are several very large potholes  in front  4620 Alvarado Cyn Rd  down past  trolley station.Two   pot holes are large enough to swallow a tire . I have employees  who  ride motorcycle s in  Road everyday. These holes could cause a serious accident .
Pothole in middle  street just past intersection
Pothole
Pothole middle  street in front  651 Norstad ave San diego CA, 92154
  cross street  Paseo Cardiel and Paseo Montalban, re are several small potholes that have not been filled in.
Last night I damaged my car when I was making a turn on Mission Center Road from California Medical Center building.  I got into a very deep and sharp dip on  traffic light. There were no warning signs or anything, I wasn't going fast, and my car's bumper isn't that low!  However, re's a damage under  bumper on  right side  my car because   bad road condions! I have a dash camera footage and photos that I can provide you wh.  Could you please tell me who's responsible for that road? Who do I need to contact to pay for  damage? Thank you!
Numerous deep potholes on  entire block in both directions.
3800 and 3900 blocks need to be repaved. Uneven and street wh pothole s throughout.
Growing pothole
Bike lane is too damaged to ride in. Forces bikes in to traffic lane. Needs to be repaved, patch is not going to do .
This is a reoccurring pothole infront  MTS bus stop #11618.  could possibly cause injury to someone on a bicycle as  is in yue bike lane on Linda Vista Road.
All over potholes
Bad potholes in entire intersection
Multiple Potholes and Cracks all along Alvarado Rd near SDSU dorms
Pothole in northbound lane
pothole in rightmost lane  two left turn lanes prior to going up ramp to 5 south.
Potholes
Potholes
Deep pothole at intersection  Oregon and Lincoln
Badly damaged asphalt and 24-7 flooding
Eastbound Smy Avenue, right lane at  intersection  Ay Avenue, re are  4 - 5 potholes.

Deep pothole.  Reported more than 30 times in  past year.  Also a very badly damaged traffic light in  intersection.
There is uneven asphalt in  street in front  our (4184 Arden Way) and our neighbor's house (4182 Arden Way).  Yesterday, an adult tripped and fell, resulting in injury.  She was holding a small child at  time, but  child was not hurt.  Several years ago, emails regarding  "underground" project in Mission Hills (Project 2-E) indicated Arden Way was to be resurfaced at  end  2013.  That's coming up on five years, and no resurfacing !?

Pothole 1' x 1' in alley between 3308 and 3314 Mission Bl.
Pothole

Potholes
Pothole east bound in  south lane
entering gesner from morena blvd several potholes and more up gesner
Ridgeway Drive in Kensington is a mess! Our street has not been repaved since I've lived here (14 years). I've seen runners trip over  loose gravel and cracks in our road numerous times. I wonder if anyone has sued  cy for injuries sustained on our street. I heard re have been lawsus for people tripping on sidewalk cracks in which  people have received funds for injuries. Just a heads up! Thank you!
The street needs  asphalt repaired.  This has been requested dozens  times over  last several years.
Pothole turning South onto Lipscomb Dr from Gold Coast Dr
2'x2' pothole in middle  westbound lane
Please repair several potholes on  eastbound lane  Montezuma Rd. Both lanes, starting from Fairmount Ave all  way to Collwood Blvd. I cannot pull over to take pictures  every single pothole, re are many. Please patch m all or resurface? Thank you
Please repair several potholes going NORTH on Fairmount Ave, from Montezuma Rd all  way to  8 Freeway ramp. There are several on  middle lane, and  right lane. I cannot pull over to take pictures, if you can please inspect and repair. Thank you.
SINKHOLE FORMING  1 X 1
Ruts, potholes, you name ,  road has . Someone is going to get hurt. Especially dangerous for cyclists. Please repair  road!!
Pothole in  northbound lanes, in  middle   two lanes where  whe stripes separate  two lanes.
There is a dangerous pothole and lots  broken pavement in  alley. I have damaged  underside  my car and all or alleys in  neighborhood have been repaired, but  one remains unusable due to s dangerous state. I have reported  alley, my wife has reported , our neighbors have reported , friends have contact  cy to repair , and nothing has been done. Why hasn't  been repaired yet? I am frustrated after having reported  multiple times and nothing has been done. Please repair  alley,  is a danger to anyone using .
Hole westbound left lane
Glasgow Drive, between Merrimac Avenue and Avondale Street, is in very bad shape.  The street is lerally crumbling in places, and has a significant number  potholes and bumps.  I have ridden my shock-absorber equipped mountain bike several times on  street before, and  is still an extremely rough ride.  This street is used by a large amount  cars, some  which must use  street to drive to and from ir homes.  Because  street is que bumpy and is used by a good amount  traffic, is my hope that crews will resurface Glasgow Drive between Merrimac Avenue and Avondale Street.  Please resurface  street!  Thank you!
East side  intersection number one lane turning onto claurmint mesa blvd
Number one lane easbound
Deep pothole at  intersection  Nautilus Street and Avenida de las Pescas in La Jolla, 92037, in  West bound land  Nautilus Street.  Damaged my tire a a speed  25 mph.  Please repair
Pavement patch sunk, leaving sharp dip in road
First street bridge
Potholes near  westbound stop sign and in  intersection

There are a few potholes on Camino Del Rio North, each seem to follow one anor and vary in sizes.
12" x 15" missing asphalt
3 potholes
6ft long stretch  deep potholes. 15 problem.
Potholes and uneven payment.  Tripping hazard & difficult to cross crosswalk wh strollers/wheelchairs.
Nearby addresses:  17046 Tesoro DrCorner  Tesoro Dr and Tesoro Court17076 Tesoro Dr



Uphill side  street whole section  street sinking leaving very hi jolting lip to drive over. Many cars swerve into oncoming lane at a dangerous spot due to curve.
Pothole on northbound side  Seminole Drive adjacent to Clay Neighborhood Park.
Wide pothole wh a lot  large chunks  a road debris. Causing damage to vehicle.
Deep hole
SEVERAL DEEP POTHOLES IN ALLEY BEHIND ADDRESS
Lots  potholes
Pothole
POTHOLE DID NOT HOLD. PLEASE REPAIR POTHOLE.
Huge hazard to cars and especially bicycles
Potholes
Numerous potholes
 is a wide pot hole that ss right at  stop sign where  residents turn onto  main road. 's in a very inconvenient spot. There's no way to drive around  whout driving into on coming traffic. The hole is always filled wh water, so you cant tell how deep  is until you drive through .
LG P/H IN FAR RIGHT LANE HUST PASSED LAUREL INTERSECTION
Fix all  potholes and cracks and craters all along Afton Rd please?
4"  DEEP POTHOLE IN CENTER LANE.
Pothole
Pothole
Has been patched multiple times. Continues to have pothole. Please fix
Pothole on southbound Clairemont Dr just after Balboa Blvd.  In left-most lane.
(Marker on map is approximate.) Larger than normal pothole in slow lane  North Harbor Drive going south between Laurel St and Hawthorne St.
Portion  Viewridge Ave. between Ridgehaven Court and Balboa Ave.  Pot hole in northbound lane  Viewridge Ave. at  stop light where Viewridge intersects wh Balboa Ave.
There are at least a dozen potholes on Mt. Cervin between Diane Ave and Boxwood Dr.
From: Marx, Gloria [mailto:Gloria.Marx@sdcounty.ca.gov] Sent: Tuesday, February 20, 2018 10:35 AMTo: TSW Street Service <Street_Service@sandiego.gov>Subject: Pothole - Camino del Sur & San DieguoGood morning,Constuent: Brian Phone: 858-442-3852Address: 17235 Sangallo, 92127
The parking lot at  Tierrasanta Library has many uneven spots and is a tripping hazard in several places.
A few potholes on at Fairmount Ave, northbound lane, between Olive St and Redwood St. Please patch. Thanks.
all redwood street is full  potholes and s hard to drive in that street
I know  is not La Jolla and we are not a neighborhood  rich whe people, but we deserve to have nicely paved streets too! My street is in constant use by  residence and also by  Cy  San Diego employees.  My street is in need  repaving immediately because 's dangerous for  kids riding ir bikes and also  potholes are damaging car tires. Please fix our street before someone is injured.  Thank you!
Big O pothole in center eastbound lane about a foot long and growing. 's hard to miss se on a motorcycle at night someone  going to get hurt bad.
1600 n harbor drive bike lane
Uneven pavement on 5268 Oak Park Dr
Several large potholes on  North bound side  road.
Pothole
Pothole
POTHOLE ( LENGTH OF THE WHOLE HOUSE)
Many dangerous potholes throughout  unpaved alley
I have lived on Ridgeway Dr. in Kensington for approx. 14 years and in Kensington for 30 years.  All or streets in Kensington have been paved and resurfaced twice since I have lived in Kensington wh promises that Ridgeway would be addressed.  never has been. The street is in terrible condion filled wh ruts, potholes, broken pavement and is a hazard for pedestrians, motorists and bicycles.  I have wnessed falls on  street and  broken asphalt surface produces gashes and cuts where none should occur.  Why hasn't  Cy addressed  problem yet?
Pothole needs repair, and is gradually getting larger!  The pothole is located in front  3140 Felton Street (between Redwood and Thorn Streets in North Park).  Image included below whin  problem report.
Large pothole in  middle   street  is a safety hazard please make  necessary repairs
south bound #3 lane, broken concrete, asphalt, pothole
north bound just south  Glendora Streeet, asphalt disrupted, street has been trenched from east curb to west into #2 north bound lane, pot holes have formed, two separate locations, also same in south bound #1 lane.  I've called and reported , reported on line and received email  had been fixed but NOTHING done!
pothole north bound LJ Scenic Drive south, just south  Castlejon
Street is all tore up multiple potholes on Scripps Poway parkway from sunshine peak to pomarado.
Birchcreek Road between Jackson Drive and Melotte is full  holes and cracks. We were told many months ago that  road would be resurfaced last October. To date nothing has been done while nearby roads in much better repair have been sealed or resurfaced. Can  area be inspected and repairs made?
Street is in shambles. Potholes and loose rocks
Various major potholes along murphy canyon road, as well as large steel plates which were not laid properly and are protruding out   road causing potential damage to vehicle tires.
Road condions on Seminole Dr. between Art Street and Estelle St is in poor condion. Several potholes and cracks along  street.
Large pot hole
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE EAST BOUND LANE PRIOR TO THE HIDDEN VALLEY RD INTERSECTION.
There are many potholes on Russ Blvd between 26th and 27th streets. This is a highly used section  road and needs to be addressed.
Potholes & cracks in  asphalt on Montezuma Road between  Fairmont and Collwood need to be fixed.
Lots  potholes
There are several pot holes on MCGraw St. / cross Street Morena Blvd. There are at least three near that intersection. Thanks!
I filed  before and got a message  was closed. Nothing was done! The first 100 yards   street is ltered wh potholes!
Large pothole near center line in eastbound lane .  Been re for a couple  months
Most   street has bad potholes. Residents drive on  shoulders instead   road to avoid all  potholes.
There is a huge pothole from when  hotel completed ir construction. The road never got repaired. Everyone who drives on  street is getting ir vehicles damaged. Please pave.
Pothole
.
.
Spotted 4 to 5 potholes in  right lane  SB Regents Rd between SR-52 and Luna Ave. They're spaced fairly apart. Photos weren't taken due to driving.
In intersection
Pothole between 13130 & 13140 Portino Dr in  Southbound lane.
2 big potholes in both directions  Ingulf Street.
Severely damaged road under  highway bridge on 28th. This is causing damage to vehicles and a danger for motorcycle riders.
Very big pothole in  middle  west pedestrian crosswalk at  intersection  Ingulf St. at Denver St. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.
Pothole in  left lane towards  center between  two lanes
Pothole
Potholes on SB Geneseee Ave just south   intersection wh Boyd Ave, probably whin  first 500 feet   intersection.
Cracks starting to appear on street. Some sections bumpy ors sunk
re is a pothole on  left lane heading towards  bay.   is between Knapp st and blackfoot ave.
re is a pothole on ute dr.  on  left lane right as you cross  intersection  clairemont dr and ute dr.   should be on  same side as  business buildings.
re is a pothole on  left lane on clairemont drive right passed balboa ave.   is on  same side as del taco
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Eastbound 56 freeway, multiple large potholes starting right before Carmel Country road
A couple  years back  cy dug up  street in front  my driveway.  Since re has be multiple potholes which are getting larger.  I would like to have m filled.  BTW, your address locator dose not accept my address,  is 5149 North Harbor Drive, so I used my neighbors address.
Potholes are back already.
PLEASE FIX ALL THE POTHOLES GOING EAST ON MONTEZUMA RD, on both lanes. Several near  pylons area. Please fix Please fix
PLEASE FIX ALL THE POTHOLES ON THE NORTHBOUND OF FAIRMOUNT AVE FROM MONTEZUMA RD UP TO THE 8 Freeway underpass. Several especially middle and right lanes
Street is deteriorating here at  intersection  San Diego Mission Rd and Rancho Mission Rd
The 2 right lanes   section   road going North/West  are full  potholes. Addionally, previous road work (cuts on  pavement for pipe?) seems to be sinking and driving on  right lane becomes a traffic hazard. This has been like that for a while but  suation seems to get worsen wh every rain.Would appreciate  someone can take a look at .
POTHOLE
Asphalt pothole 4201 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, North  Bound  West lane
Pothole
4765  Mission Bay Dr  North Bound West lane
multiple    4903  Mission Bay Dr ( North  Bluffside ) North Bound East lane
intersection  7070 Clairemont Mesa Blvd  -&- Shawline  Westbound Clairemont Mesa North Lane
multiple  4971  to  4995 Shawline St    ( Walmart SD Large Employer )  heavy traffic  . . .whole street
There are a number  potholes along  alleyway between Fairmount Ave & 44th Street (north from Universy and south fromPolk Ave).These potholes are a trip hazard for pedestrian and could cause damages vehicles
NORTH BOUND  2 LARGE POTHOLES,  1 FOOT WIDE
Potholes
Barnard St.  Entire street rutted and worn affecting safety for automobiles, pedestrians, and bicyclists.  Cars must weave repeatedly to avoid deeply worn pavement for entire length  street.  No painted center striping.  Patchy repair/pothole fill inadequate.  Needs full thickness resurfacing + repaving.  Safety liabily for Cy  SD.

Large pothole in  middle   street going westbound
Driving west on Alvarado Canyon Rd, near 4620 Alvarado Canyon Rd, re is a large pothole that damaged my tires on Friday, Feb 16, around 7:10am.  See photos.
Pot Hole w/b center lane   intersection
Pothole
The street needs resurfacing for several years. Heavy traffic due to gage elementary.
Many potholes on street
Uneven, sinking backfill  asphalt from previous Cy waterleak repair.
Clairemont Mesa Boulevard, Eastbound Ln., #2 lane (middle lane). There is a large depression where  asphalt separates into a concrete slab.  is a bone jarring h.  is in  area in front   7-Eleven on CMB.
EAST BOUND ON VIA CAPRI,  POTHOLE
There are potholes along  route. The bike path could use some resurfacing to continue being use-able.
Please repair a large deep pothole on  Tripoli Ave ramp. This is  road (ramp) leaving MCRD and going onto southbound Pacific Hwy. This hole is at  edge   asphalt where  meets  concrete pavement. Shouldn't have trouble seeing .
Severe asphalt damage along south side  Bajada Rd.  The damage runs along  gutter   street and has sections that are a few inches wide and deep.  The north side  Bajada Rd. was recently repaired wh similarly degraded asphalt.  Repairs are needed along south side  street.
There are several large potholes where west bound Mt. Blanca meets Mt. Everest
Pothole that is getting bigger
lake murray and Navajo cross section big potholes 7" to8"  destroy car tires. Navajo from bridge toward going  to mission trials re are log  potholes and  destroy my car tires twice. some big and some small and road in bad shape.
Pothole just east   speed bump at  intersection  Ganesta Road and Capricorn Way. Also can somebody please repave  entire stretch  Capricorn Way? The entire street has been filled in wh different layers  potholes. 's ridiculous
Deep pothole in center lane on curve going east. Miserable on a motorcycle.
Pothole
Pot Hole in center  road
Hole in street
Several potholes in right lane  NB  Rancho Carmel Drive at Carmel Mountain Rd intersection. If you are eastbound on Carmel Mountain Rd turning NB on Rancho Carmel Rd you cannot avoid hting m in  number 2 turn lane
PATCH SEVERAL POTHOLES ON EUCLID BETWEEN HOME AV AND UNIVERSITY AV
Going south on college before I-8 overpass in westbound lane going south, at stoplight before bridge.
Large pothole in front  house at 5045 Park West Ave San Diego Ca 92117
A pothole is developing at  location which is approximately 20 ft downhill from a previous sinkhole that developed several months ago.  This may be  sinkhole spreading and moving down hill.
Asphalt cracking around man hole.  Reference  sr 4168390
On southbound Black Mountain Road just south  Highway 56 re is a manhole cover right where 3 lanes reduce to two. In  last couple  months  seems to be settling lower in  pavement. 's a pretty hard jolt if traffic doesn't perm you to swerve around .  makes me wonder if re's a problem developing below  surface. We've lived in  area a long time and  deepening is recent.
This is an Extremely Busy Rd., La Jolla Shores Drive. This pothole get worse if not attended to. Thank you so much for your hard work. Brian Earley
The entire street is crumbling down to  concrete.   is filled wh pot holes.  According to your 11/2017 report  has has NO work done since 6/1/1975.  I've lived re since 1993 and re has been NO work done.  All  roads around us are getting fixed.  But not ours.  WHEN will we get our road fixed?
HOLE BEHIND ADDRESS IN ALLEY
THREE LARGE POTHOLES TRAVELING SOUTH BOUND IN THE FAR RIGHT LANE.
Was filled but re-emerged a few weeks ago at  intersection while entering  56 E ramp from  left lane
The AC is disintegrating in front  our house. See photos
SINK HOLE IN ALLEY BEHIND ADDRESS. 3'X4'X1' DEEP.
Pothole in parking lot 179 Diza RoadSan Diego, CA 92173
POTHOLE IN ALLEY
The whole stretch  road is one giant pot hole.
POTHOLE
LARGE POTHOLE E/B FRIARS RD FROM MISSION CTR RD. 6''X18'' AND 6'' DEEP
POTHOLE
SEVERAL POTHOLES ADDRESS OF 120, 130, 140, 170,
POTHOLE IN ALLEY BEHIND ADDRESS
Pot holes all over  street and asphalt is cracked and damaged , also big depression at  end   cul  sac
Many potholes on  whole street. Thanks!
Big ol hole in center eastbound lane
Big pothole on right side if you're coming down  hill, as soon as you come around  corner
Pothole in  left lane headed east towards Regents
A pothole  in  middle   road. 's pretty big forcing cars to eir go to  right   (near some semi trucks parked on  street) or to  left into anor lane.
; PER P245/JORGE, HE NEEDS 7-8 BAGS OF ASPHALT FOR A 5 INCH DEEP  HAZARDOUS POTHOLE ON LA MEDIA .
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE. SOUTH BOUND N HARBOR DR BTWN W LAUREL ST & W HAWTHORN ST
Pothole in lane 2   left-hand turn lane from NE bound Friars round to Frazee Road, in  center   intersection.
The ENTIRE stretch  Seminole Dr and Stanley ave near  intersection  Seminole/Stanley (near Blvd 63 apartments) have very deep potholes.  Fix ASAP!!
Giant pothole when exing mission center road getting onto Friars rd East bound. See attached good maps photo. Pothole is whin  red circle.
There is a 1/2 mile stretch  Southbound Rancho Carmel Dr. which has potholes across both lanes which makes for unsafe driving condions.
9055 Gold Coast Drive a pothole east bound. When is Gold Coast going to be resurfaced?
9105 Gold Coast Drive, a pothole west bound. When is Gold Coast going to be resurfaced?

Lots  huge potholes in alley between 1300 blocks  missouri and chalcedony.
This has been reported about 50 times in  last 5 years as well as being on Turko as one   worst streets in  cy. The section between Navajo Rd. and Whelan Dr. is so bad  is destroying our cars. I lerally have to navigate my way for 3 blocks by driving down  middle   street (not safe). The timeline for fixing  was 18 mo. ago. We are still waing. Who do we need to call at  point to get action? I'm happy to escalate  as far as needed to get  fixed.
Monument  lid falling apart
Very significant dip in sidewalk

Multiple potholes
There are two areas on northbound Carmel Valley Road wh identical problems whin 50 feet  each or; you may wish to make  two trouble tickets...When Winecreek Drive was built last year, Carmel Valley Road was taken apart for utilies to be placed n put back toger (badly) in  two northbound lanes.Now each   two northbound lanes have  same problem, but not across both lanes at  same place.The problem for both lanes is that  roadway has settled causing a low area.  The low area is deep enough to marked as a dip, but  lower area is about ten feet from start to finish, not sudden like a dip.  The road at  point is 50 mph, and that's why  low area across  road makes cars bounce and drivers try to brake as y see what's happening to  cars ahead  m.The right hand lane's problem is about 20 fee south   intersection  CV and Winecreek.  The left hand lane's problem area is just before  intersection ends.
Pothole on Regalo as  meets Bernardo Center Dr. Just at  crossing
Pothole on  left lane west bound on Home Ave. Across  street   laundry mat 4355 Home Ave
Pothole at Carmel mountain and Harvest Run intersection across from  park.  Heading norast on Carmel mountain you will guy  pothole when you turn right on Harvest Run.
Huge pothole that ruined my tire. I've asked to have  street fixed before through  webse, but ignored. After  rains  street gets worse.
Huge pothole rocks your car as you ex  5 South into grand/Garnet ex in left lane
2 big potholes in north bound lanes and debris
PER CUST , CLAIMS POTHOLE ALMOST KILLED HIM WHILE ON HIS MOTORCYCLE GOING W/B ON ALVARADO CANYON RD.
Pothole
There are a lot  potholes on  side   road. There is almost no light on  street which make m dangerous for cyclists (like me) during  night, tires can easily get stucked in m. They force me to eir be in  middle  road or very close to  cars. Thanks!
Medium sized sinkhole on  bike path.
This is terrible work for street resurfacing on both directions  College Ave. Why don't you have your contractor redo ?
Badly damaged asphalt 15 years and counting.


Totally devastated asphalt and constant flooding at  location.  20 years and counting
Pothole in center


Deep pothole in crosswalk.  5th report
Pothole in intersection
Pothole and collapsing asphalt

Large strip in  intersection  Carmel Country and Carmel Creek Roads was repaired 2-3 months ago and is failing.  Needs more extensive repair.  Very busy intersection.
Pothole on east side
Pothole directly in front  driveway from trench work that  cy completed over 2 months ago.
This is in  right lane   eastbound side  Washington Street, and just recently  had gotten much bigger.
Dangerous for cyclists making  right turn from Universy to Eagle
2nd submission  Obviously just closing out a case is equivalent to actually correcting  problem. RHIS POTHOLE IS DANGEROUS!!
Rectangular, three feet per side, four feet from north curb
Pot hole in  south bound left lane  Clairemont Drive north  Knapp Street
Their are many pot holes on Mary Lou Street, Zip code 92102.
rbol grande tira mucha basura y est entre los cables
There are several potholes (about 3) located along  multi-use bike path and road that leads to  dirt parking lot at  tip   point where fisherman go. 's a safety concern for bikers who h  ruts and for  cars that go through re. Can y be leveled out wh filler somehow? Thank you!
Street needs to be repaved near Wings Empire on Federal Ave.
Street needs to be repaved in alley near Wings Empire on Federal Ave. & 47th St.
There are several potholes on  cul de sac.
Going westbound, several potholes
Terrible potholes corner  Palm Ave & Saturn Ave
3 potholes in right lane going eastbound on La Jolla Village Dr. right in front   Hyatt Regency
A pothole in  north bound lane  Camino Ruiz and Reagan Road.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON EUCLID AV BETWEEN IMPERIAL & LOGAN.
Pothole
Potholes in  southbound #2 lane in  5200 block  Fairmount Ave,
Trench 4" wide on Amherst at 67th
9055 Gold Coast Drive pothole opened up again...east bound lane. When is Gold Coast Drive (8000 - 9500) going to be resurfaced? We have been waing for years.
9105 Gold Coast Drive pothole in  middle  street opened up again. When is Gold Coast Drive going to be resurfaced?
re is a large pot hole on  right side   f ramp from north bound 805
Previous report filed but received email stating  was completed. Nothing was done to fix issue.
Westbound San Dieguo Rd one mile west  Camino del Sur:Wide and growing pothole next to island. The surrounding pavement is bumpy and future pothole prone, Maybe more is needed than just filling  existing hole.
Please repair or patch  Swanson Pool parking lot where  dumpster were. (They will be removed  week   February 26th).
Potholes
3 potholes, 20 yds apart. Eastbound CMB, lane 1, lined up w/ left wheel - about  size  a garbage can lid and 2 inches deep. Tierrasanta
New pothole middle lane west bound just before  stoplight approx location needs filling please. Thanks.
Two potholes on  street when driving on Stoney Peak Drive from Carmel Mountain Road going towards World Trade Dr.
Multiple pot holes on road on Evening Creek Dr E going from  senior home to  trans center.
Pothole in  middle lane  Poway Road heading towards 15 freeway near  Sabre Springs Parkway x Poway Road intersection.
Pothole in slow lane on Rancho Carmel Drive (heading south) next to manhole cover near  Starbucks.
Pothole in  middle   intersection  Evening Creek Dr. N and Sabre Springs Pkwy.
There a minnie potholes on gesner st.  As u arr driving towards  water re is a pothole when u turn right on gesner to go onto morena.  There are also minnie potholes on gesner st heading away from morena st.
Large pothole
Asphalt pothole  2199 Poinsettia  Westbound lane immediately West  Voltaire   92107
Pothole, EB Via de la Valle, near  manhole cover, before  "Speed Lim 45" mph sign.
Pothole EB Via De la Valle near  first driveway past El Camino Real (which goes north into Rancho Santa Fe).
Pothole on EB Via De la Valle near  intersection wh Camino Porta Delgada
Southbound tire killer
Pot hole and crevice in middle  intersection. (E/B Camino del Rio S to N/B Mission Center Rd)  Is steadily growing deeper and larger. Hole is about 1 foot diameter. Crevice approximately 10 feet long. Traffic make unpredictable maneuvers to avoid  hazard
Going south on College please fix potholes and craters. They are getting worse by  day
Cracked monument cover. Replacement cover is needed, could be a trip hazard or if not replaced, could turn into a pothole. Intersection  Crest Way & La Amatista Rd.

pothole at entrance to Dallas Ave.  Cross street is Clairemont Dr.
Pothole

Line  breakdown across entire entrance to west side  Amberly St @Cibola
As per cy worker-possible sinkhole.
As per cy worker-possible sinkhole.
8545 Gold Coast Drive potholes. When is Gold Coast Drive going to be resurfaced? We have been waing years.
8727 Gold Coast Drive Pothole.
Southbound lane
Entire length  Triana St from Southampton St to Limerick Ave is riddled wh potholes. The street needs to be repaved.
Turning right from Linda Vista Rd north to Genesee Ave. east  pavement is terrible! 's  same for I-163 ex ramp towards Genesee Ave. west! New pavement please!
Several Large potholes N on Via Capri. Also pavement is failing again at  roundabout on Via Capri.
Deep pothole on friars onramp. About 24 in long by 18 in wide, but very deep
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole forming in front   big pothole patch on WB Via De La Valle at  intersection wh  SB I-5 framp. I reported about  smaller pothole last year but did not get fixed.
Huge pothole across  street from address given by stop sign. Pothole is about 3 feet wide by 5 feet long. Please fix ASAP hazard.
POTHOLES, ENTIRE INTRSECTION
Rancho Bernardo Road, from Pomerado Rd, westbound to Bernardo Center Dr, is one giant pothole. Driving that distance, in eir direction, is like torture. One pothole after anor. Thousands  cars travel that busy street daily.
STREET IS CRACKED AND BROKEN UP!
BIG, DEEP POTHOLES IN ALLEY MAKING IT DANGEROUS FOR CARS PASSING.
28th at freeway entrance
9000 Flanders Drive ...several potholes in  intersection.

MULTIPLE POTHOLES IN ST. PLEASE FILL.
Pot hole near Grove Ave.
The entire street from Afton Rd all  way to Sandrock Rd is a line  potholes, right down  middle   street and runs along. Please repair ? Thank you
Going EAST on Aero Dr, re are a few potholes on  RIGHT LANE oppose  Continuing Education Building (on Aero Dr main street)

 side  3106 Menlo ave which is on redwood st.
Large Pothole to  side  3106 Menlo ave which is on redwood st.
Large pothole by entrance  alleyway rear  3106 Menlo ave
Pothole
The asphalt is eroding and breaking apart in  area.  's breaking apart so much,  train tracks from almost 100 years ago are starting to show.
Entire stretch from 163 south ex is very bumpy
The construction workers at  location are dumping waste into  street and into  drains and onto private property. They begin before 4 a.m. which is against local noise ordinances. They continue operating  Machinery after 11 pm. Also  is against  noise ordinance.
The alley has several large potholes and uneven surfaces that are difficult to drive on and hazardous for bicycles and pedestrians.
Curb pothole


Sink Hole
There is a very deep and big pothole on Tripoli Ave,  is on  ramp from MCRD to south Pacific Highway.  is located in  asphalt part   road, in  traffic lane, can't miss .  is really messing up cars, and costing people money for alignments, please put on priory to fill in. Thank you.
Pothole
The area at  stop sign on Corte Sabio and Paseo Lucido is horribly damaged.   keeps getting patched, but that actually is making  worse.  Please repair  gaping holes and smooth out  surface   road.  Thank you.
Pothole
In 2017, streets such as Cloudesly Drive and Hadden Hall have been resurfaced, but or streets whin  Montelena communy remain untouched. Many large cracks and fisures remain and are a hazard whin  communy. Please update us as to when se or streets are going to be completed?


There are multiple potholes in front  our building. This morning one  our employees sprained his ankle when tripping on one causing injury requiring him to go to  doctor. Please send someone to patch  holes asap.
Section between Dancy and Flanders dr is in disrepair for  longtime. Needs resurfacing as a whole.
Long strip  potholes
There are a few large potholes heading downward on Via Capri between Via Barletta and Hidden Valley Road
Pothole in West bound lane corner  Murray Ridge and Raejean Ave
Pothole on westbound lane  corner  Greyling Dr and Raejean Ave
Clumps  Asphalt continue to be taken out along my curb, eir by wear and/or auto traffic from  driveway. The holes are large enough where someone can trip easily so please have m filled asap. Thank you
Large pothole in street.
TWO POTHOLES IFO GRAND BLDG
LARGE 2X8 POTHOLE, E/B ON RAMP
Pothole
Pothole
A lot  potholes on street next to McDonald's and big apartment complex
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Deep pothole, damaged asphalt, tipping over sign on median.
Pothole
PLENTY OF POTHOLES ON STREET
SEVERAL POTHOLES IN ALLEY
SINKHOLE
Small pothole surrounded by cracks in  road.
Pot hole still needs to be repaired
Big hole in center westbound lane
Two big potholes middle  street
Bahia Vista Way Street is in terrible condion.
pothole on  ped path
East bound left lane. Severe dip in road that is getting worse. People ar slamming on ir brakes to avoid  and causing near accidents
Several potholes in roadway
6"x24"x6" pothole in on-ramp to Eastbound Friars Rd
This is a very deep and wide series  potholes at  intersection.  is very dangerous for motorcycles, scooters, and bicycles as y take over more than one half   street width.  I have so wnessed wheelchairs try to navigate  potholes and lose gravel.
Several potholes on Picador Blvd, mainly especially headed northbound - starting from 905 freeway ex to Del Sol Blvd instersection.
There are 2-3 potholes which need to be filled again.
Pothole in  middle  intersection  Montezuma and Campanile. Going west oppose  tall SDSU monument
Going west please repair uneven pavement on both lanes oppose  Starbucks and gas station thank you
Pothole on close to ramp 94east getting on freeway
Potholes
Please assist filling se potholes at Mira Mesa Communy Park. Thank you!
Pothole middle  street
Combination  potholes and uneven pavement on souast corner  Palm Ave. and Saturn Blvd.
Potholes in  left and center lanes eastbound 500-1000 feet before  left turn lane/intersection.
There are MANY, MANY holes in our neighborhood and pieces   street are crumbling away from m constantly. s been like  for years. Streets are in desperate need  repairs throughout  Del Mar Heights area, north  Del Mar Heights Road.
Several potholes on Stanley Ave between 62nd and 63rd St.
Two potholes in  middle  Dove Street at 3814.
There are numerous potholes along  abandoned railroad track on Washington Street at Pacific Highway
Entire intersection at 37th street and Meade Ave is filled wh pot holes
Southbound San Andres at Flower Hill Dr re is a pot hole between cement drainage and asphalt road. Worst section is turning right from Flower Hill Mall Dr onto San Andres.
POTHOLES
Asphalt is eroding away due to water runf and will start to undermine concrete apron at SW corner  intersection if not repaired soon. The apron was replaced approximately 3-4 years ago and  would be wise to repair  asphalt now so  won't cause damage to  new concrete apron.
San Dieguo Rd from El Camino Real to Old El Camino Real needs repaving due to severe potholes and uneven surfaces. This is damaging to automobiles.San Dieguo Rd was repaved last year at my request but y stopped short  completing  job all  way to El Camino Rd. The paving stopped at approximately Old El Camino Real.The paving needs to be completed San Dieguo Rd from 144329 to approximately 4001 San Dieguo Rd.
This part   Flanders Drive, East  Camino Ruiz all  way through to San Ramon Street, is full  potholes, gaps, and cracks in  pavement and desperately needs repair! Please repair!! Thank you!
Pot hole  coming out   driveway
Pot hole
POTHOLE
Large pothole ifo 5627 eastgate dr
Huge potholes
Inside road  SouthCrest Park
Inside SouthCrest Park parking lot
There are three potholes on Sicard St. The most severe is right at  south west corner  Harbor Dr. and Sicard St. by  stop sign. The or two potholes are about 25 feet from  stop sign going into Sicard.
POTHOLE IN L/T LANE


The alley f Robinson Street, next to 1410 Robinson needs to be graded near where  gravel becomes concrete.  There is a large hole an several bumps that tear up car alignments.
pothole
Pothole
Milling/paving , resurfacing needed in  section which has  cracked asphalt.
Milling/paving   50 yard section.
several potholes that needs monthly service because repairs do not last long. Seminole Dr between Art St. and Stanley  at 92115.
Stanley between Seminole Dr and 63rd
Estelle St east  College Ave. Pothole at beginning  street and at  very end  Estelle St.
located at bottom  hill as you turn right onto Marraco from Estelle St. 92115
On College Ave just south  Universy Ave on North bound lanes.  The street was resurfaced and now  surface has peeled f causing irregular surface.
Big potholes in right lane going towards Carroll canyon road
Intersection has many potholes and needs to be repaved
CAN YOU PLEASE FIX "ALL" THE POTHOLES ON THE RIGHT AND LEFT LANES OF MONTEZUMA RD? I cannot pull over to take pictures. Worse is  right lane near  pylons by Collwood. There more than 12 craters here and getting worse
Pothole
Potholes
7-42, CREW DID AWFUL JOB PATCHING POTHOLE, THEY ALSO LEFT ANOTHER POTHOLE THAT WAS NEXT TO THIS POTHOLE, CONSUMER IS TAKING PICTURES!
POTHOLES, CRACKS AND BUMPS IN ASPHALT. PLEASE ADVISE HENNY AT 858-699-4904
potholes on mission beach ocean front boardwalk. between San Jose Pl and San Rafael Pl.  You poured some, but still a few very dangerous.
Asphalt trench cap is failing and sinking where water main was replaced around 2014.  Home owner is concerned  settling in  trench is putting pressure on  new pipe which will cause a new water main break flooding his property for  4th time in 8 years.
Hello,There is a massive pothole on  52 west onramp/entrance from Kearny Villa Rd. Travel north on kearny villa rd from ruffin road. Make left (west) onto 52west onramp. Where  onramp to  52 west from  163 meets  highway, re is a massive tire chewing pothole on  shoulder line. Please repair asap.Thank you.
pothole in lane going South on Denver St. just past  driveway at 2320 Denver St.
.Huge pothole in center  lane just before painted divider as you go South on Denver St just before you arrive at  4 way stop at Ingulf St.
pothole just as you arrive at intersection on Ingulf St going East at  4 way stop
Pothole in center  lanes going South on Clairemont Dr.   may be at 3228 Clmt Drive. There are several in that block
Pothole in left lane  just before intersection going South on Clairemont Dr
a pothole that is growing bigger and bigger every week.  ss right on top  a cy water shut f valve
pothole next to divider as you turn on to Clairemont dr from Balboa going South.  is just past  crosswalk at  divider in  left lane   is deep
N/B MISSION CENTER ONTO THE E/B  FRIARS RD ONRAMP...THERE IS A LARGE POTHOLE ,  BLEW OUT HER TIRE
SB LJ Shores, just north  intersection wh El Paseo Grande, new pothole
NB LJ Shores, just north  entrance to UCSD/SIO parking lot, new pothole in previously patched (many times) area.
Huge pothole in front  4726 Ingraham Street on s/b side  street near center line.   cause me to have a flat on 3/1/18.
POTHOLES ON BOULDER LAKE, FROM NAVAJO TO HARWELL!
Two potholes on westbound Maturin next to Turtleback Elementary.  Many pieces  road are up on sidewalk.
San Pasqual Road between Old Milky Way and Sierra Linda Drive is full  potholes and road damage.  There is no shoulder and is a very dangerous road.  As well  is  main road from I15 to  Wild Animal Safari Park and is a major safety issue wh  Cy being liable.  This road needs repaired immediately. Regards,Eric Harrison 760-213-2143
Potholes in  northbound #2 lane in  3700-3749 block  Rosecrans St.
The portion  San Pasqual Road wh is whin  cy lims  San Diego, between Sierra Linda Dr (Escondido) and Old Milky Way (San Diego) is in serious disrepair. This is not San Pasqual Valley Road but San Pasqual Road.  Your system would not accept  street but I have verified  is whin  San Diego Coty lims.   There are many potholes, damaged surfaces and no shoulder as  has been washed away in many areas.  This is  main road for visors coming to  San Diego Zoo Safari Park as well as residents from Ramona going to and from I15.   is in such a condion that many people are starting to take or longer ways around  road to get to ir destination.  Wh  current condion  is a safety hazard and can present liabily to San Diego.  I respectfully request  road be put at  top   list for repair and resurfacing.  I also request a response to  message as to  action  cy will take.Regards,Eric Harrison760-213-2143
Dangerous road surface for bicycling on Juniper St. due to DEEP long trench "potholes" that have become much worse in  past year.
POTHOLES IN ALLEY FROM UNIVERSITY TO POLK) CALLER STATING NOT ALL POTHOLES WERE FILLED
On Scripps Ranch Blvd,  ONE BLOCK between Affiny Ct and Erma Rd is always ignored during resurfacing.   is in terrible shape!  Not sure why  section is always ignored when  rest   street is being resurfaced.
Several potholes on  entire block

Middle
why patch one but not ors right next to 
Limerick Ave from 5182 Limerick Ave to  end   street is in TERRIBLE disrepair. The lines are faded and missing in some spots. The pot holes are causing suspension damage to vehicles.
This pothole is re for awhile now.
Several potholes on Dwight St (Fox Canyon - Mid Cy), San Diego, CA 92105Thank you.
Pothole at 3038 Meade Ave, San Diego 92116 in East bound lane.Thank you.
Pothole in center  street
The asphalt is torn up and a trip hazard from 3511 to 3615 Oleander in Point Loma. I tripped on .  Someone is going to get injured if 's not fixed. Thank you
Pothole
Multiple potholes across all east and west bound lanes. Needs replacing badly. 's been  way for over a year
Rodent devouring pothole
Trench in asphalt down to earth
one  many
tons like    fix m all or i will just keep posting
in front   address re is a pothole,before turning around towards  Van Dyke Ave.in  corner
Pothole and bumps right when you turn onto east gate mall from Miramar. Road is uneven and cracked all over.
 pothole is back and s really bad  time please repair as soon as possible
Bad pothole in front  Chase bank ATM
Cardeno Drive both NB and SB lanes from Turquoise St to Archer Street are in need  resurfacing.  This is my third request. Thank you.
On Genesee Ave, between Linda Vista Rd and  163 Fwy, long stretches  all four lanes  are heavily rutted and in need  resurfacing.   Potholes have been repaired in a hodgepodge fashion making  surface horribly uneven.   is jarring to drive over se stretches.  This is my THIRD request for  stretch  road. Thank you.
Pothole's at 4741 Cobb dr.& 4750 crisp way
Potholes in  southbound lanes  6th Ave near lane markers.  Located directly under  bridge.


This is one  many potholes and cracks on  northbound lane at Fairmount Ave. Between Olive St and Redwood St. Please patch. Thank you.
Pothole on eastbound lane by Rays
In  intersection  Camino Ruiz and Mira Mesa Blvd, MM blvd east bound.
3 potholes in front   driveway into 3990 Old Town Avenue, San Diego, CA  92110.  Also, 2 potholes near intersection  San Diego Avenue and Old Town Avenue.  Old Town Avenue from Moore Street (ARCO) to 3990 Old Town Avenue, needs slurry seal in addion to pothole repair.
Wirby Street needs pothole repair and slurry seal.  Also include  on ramp to north bound Pacific Highway from Wirby Street  Grass is growing out   cracks in  street.
Major pothole just past  intersection
Potholes
Potholes inside  intersection and crosswalks
Potholes in and before  intersection
Multiple potholes near  center   intersection  Sports Arena Blvd. and Camino Del Rio West.
Large area  sinking  near 5648 Linda Rosa ave La Jolla 92037.
I counted ten potholes just on Acheson St alone.'s a total messplease repave asap. 's probably been over a dozen years ago  street was paved.Thank youSusan McGonigle1462 Acheson StSan Diego CA 92111
Multiple large potholes in close proximy to each or on Garrison St.
Low spot at manhole in alley. Manhole collar was installed too low when alley had sewer and laterals done. Proper grading now impossible because  low spot. PLEASE FIX  manhole and regrade  ally wh DG. Constant mud bath for everyone all because  improper repairs. Many have complained, but can't GET IT DONE.
PER PD: 2 POTHOLES CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE TO VEHC. S/B ON PAC HWY

Pothole in center lane  eastbound Navajo
PD: POTHOLE 14" LONG, 6" DEEP. CARS DRIVING ON OPPOSITE SIDE TO AVOID
 intersection has numerous pot hole problems at all 4 street intersects.
Pothole in eastbound lane
Pothole that crosses  entire street.
Cracks on whole street
Pothole at  stop sign on Lillian and Dorcas
potholes in right lane
Pothole in alley next to 3265 Landis st.
Pot holes in front  9975 , 9950, 9955
right lane
pothole
Many potholes at  intersection
Under bridge f  5 south by skate park under freeway bridge  railroad tracks have big huge pothole along side   tracks
Several large potholes on  Northbound side  Limerick and Clairemont Mesa intersection. Large cracks in  concrete and asphalt.
Several large potholes intersection  Limerick Ave and Clairemont Mesa,. Previously patched but returned even larger. Northbound side  Limerick Ave and Clairemont Mesa
Horrible for years
Deep pothole, 5 previous requests at  location.  This entire block  asphalt is in bad shape.
Numerous large potholes on  block
Numerous potholes and badly damaged asphalt for many blocks.  20 previous requests.
Deep potholes.  25 previous requests.  5 blocks in every location from  area have badly damaged roads.  20 years and counting.
Going NORTH on College Ave between Alvarado Road and freeway ramp, re is a big deep pothole on  right lane. Please fix.
Please repair potholes on BOTH sides, going over  8 freeway. This section is in such bad shape.
Please repair potholes on BOTH sides   street, between  8 freeway and  ramps. 's not in good shape.
Pothole in middle  intersection
Entire street asphalt is coming apart and has major holes.
Major holes and damaged asphalt
Huge pothole always has water in  and lots  gravel needs to be cleaned up too. Multiple pot holes up via capri near re too!!
One  Many on parkdale
One  many
More holes
More holes
One  many holes on parkdale ave
One  many holes on parkdale ave
More potholes on parkdale ave
Regan Rd between New Salem St and Cam Ruiz need immediate repairs
Potholes
Large pothole on Grape eastbound at Kettner

Pot hole
Poorly filled roadwork resulting in pothole
Multiple potholes/broken pavement in front  bus stop
Pothole in  south half   intersection Genesee Ave at Executive Drive.
Dangerous pothole
Reset  tripmeter to zero at  intersection  Genesee Ave & SB I-5. There are potholes  between 2/10ths  a mile to a half a mile west (or north)   intersection mentioned above across all 3 lanes  NB Genesee Ave.
Reset  tripmeter to zero on NB N. Torrey Pines Rd at  intersection  N.U. System Driveway, re are potholes for 7/10th  a mile stretch on NB N. Torrey Pines Rd past  intersection mentioned above on  asphalt portion   roadway. The concrete parts   roadway are just fine.
storm drain leading into  facily has a huge pot hole,  is causing drain water to collect and cement around to break f.
9055 Gold Coast  Drive ..east bound ..large pothole opened up again wh pieces  asphalt on  road. When is Gold Coast going to be resurfaced?
deep pothole in  center  road  9185 Three Seasons Road.
9205 Three Seasons Road ..a pothole in  center  road
POTHOLE
JADE COAST DR, IS IN SERIOUS NEED OF STREET REPAIRS.  POT HOLES CAUSING DAMAGE TO MY CAR!!!
Several pot holes all up and down Gold Coast, some   pot holes are large enough that y have caused damage to my suspension and alignment.  PLEASE REPAIR
POTHOLE
Pothole
ENTIRE STREET (VIA CAPRI) FULL OF POTHOLES
POTHOLE
The road at Limerick and Clairemont Mesa Blvd gets damaged by buses driving through.
2 to 3 potholes.  One pretty deep. Center   street
series  potholes along spruce lake avenue. street is in severe disrepair and should be evaluated for repaving. recently a person tripped and injured mselves falling after having accidentally stepped in  pothole near  address.

Potholes on Lake Badin at Topaz Lake in San Carlos
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole where  pipe replacement asphalt has sunk
Pot holes


ALLEY HAS POTHOLES, MAKING IT DIFFICULT FOR CONSUMER TO GET CAR OUT OF HER GARAGE!
Feels like your f roading street under bridge is in bad condion
Street work not finished
Big pothole center eastbound lane
Several large potholes all along Via Capri
on 11/6/2017 I submted a request for potholes and street work and to  date nothing has been done. There was markouts which I thought maybe something was going to be done, but nothing. The request number is 00255149. The street is in very poor shape, not just from potholes but also or issues.
Pothole in right northbound lane
Potholes in multiple sections spanning 75 yards  on  right most lane.
re is a pothole almost in front  our house and anor one  down from that going south on our street.
This pot hole is getting bigger and bigger. Please repair. Thanks.
Intersection  Fontaine St and Keighley St is cracked and re are small potholes in  center, particularly in  way  westbound traffic.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Rectangular Pothole going west on Raejean, approx 15 ft from Murray Ridge Road intersection
Pothole near  intersection  Clairemont Drive and Ute Drive. Left, southbound lane  Clairemont Dr.
Pothole

Multiple potholes between Camino de la Siesta and Camino del Arroyo in  east bound lanes.
Huge potholes in parking lot  mission bay parking lot
Pothole on EB Frost St between  pedestrian crosswalk and  Frost Street parking lot entrance for Children's Hospal.
This pothole has been repaired twice and just crumbled again, whin a week. Please fix permanently. Thank you!
SDPD Traffic Division public driveway just f Aero Dr., prior to entering gated area.  Several potholes that have got deeper after recent rains.  Thank you. Sgt J. Ruvido SDPD Eastern 619-347-1360
Multiple potholes all three westbound lanes. Every 10 feet re is a pothole
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON THE 2300 BLOCK OF DAIRY MART RD. BOTH DIRECTIONS.
Damaged street exing driveway
Pothole near  middle  Birmingham Dr.
Pothole on EB Ingulf St, between  second driveway on  right & Chicago St.
Potholes in every square inch   intersection.
Potholes through  entire northlane facing  shopping center.
Plenty  potholes on both directions  Denver St in between Clairemont Drive & Ingulf St. There's one particularly sizeable pothole on NB Denver St just as  left turn lane for WB Clairemont Drive opens up. But if  Cy staff scout that entire block for potholes, that would be appreciated.
30 large potholes.  25 plus previous requests.
Numerous deep potholes
Potholes
POTHOLES 2200 & 2300 BLOCK OF N HARBOR N/B
POTHOLE IN LEFT TURN LANE
SEVERAL LARGE POTHOLES ON THE NORTHBOUND LANES BETWEEN HIGHLAND VALLEY RD & I-15 ON RAMP ON POMERADO RD
Pot hole on  north side  32nd st right after  stop sign between redwood and palm.
There's a pot hole around some sort  metal cap in  road on  northbound side  redwood right at  traffic light.
18 inch pot hole hazard
Pothole was just filled 3 weeks ago after street paved y did a poor job and s broken again!Fix  leak under  and  wont fall apart anymore!!
Pothole
4 potholes about 12" in diameter on th right side   f ramp/ transion ramp. 52 West to Genesse South.
DROP IN STREET S/B CAUSED FLAT ON PAC HWY BET WASHINGTON AND SASSAFRASS
Subject: 900 blk Thomas ALL Lanes - concrete street . . . solid potholes & ruts . . . when we bombed Iraq,  roads looked better  . . I know  . . .
Pothole in left northbound lane  Genesee Ave, about halfway between Governor Dr and Universy Cy high school entrance.
Potholes
 whole road both sides need to be repairs and crushed badly from carmel mountain rd to twin trails  dr
2 medium size potholes in front  1459 Acheson St.  Several or potholes along  2-block street.  There are cracks in  street everywhere and when  street sweeper comes through  pulls  chunks out creating all  potholes.  Our street is in terrible shape. Worst street in  area, but  or streets a getting patched and resealed.
1/4 mike stretch has multiple potholes and large ruts in  road. Forces cars to drive f center to avoid. Raised man hole cover in far right lane.
 needs to be crushed and replaced from twin trails dr to carmel mountain rd is bad
All southbound lanes need filling and repaving.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole in southbound lane
Pothole in left-hand turn lane

Pothole at southwest corner  intersection
Pothole in eastbound lane
Crosswalk to school wh many potholes
The cy did work here several weeks ago but left  very uneven and rough wh bug holes.
Pothole in middle  El CajonBlvd
pothole
Several potholes at 34th and Collier.
Potholes where  transions from asphalt to concrete, n concrete to asphalt as Mills Peak Road turns into Adobe Falls Road
POTHOLES, ON BOBHIRD, BETWEEN MULVANEY & HIGHWOOD
Potholes as you turn right onto cuca from bernabe
The alley behind 4566 36th street and or property owners that back on to  alley are having problems wh  unpaved road.  Every time  rains all  dirt comes on to  properties and in garages damaging  property.  The cars have damage going over  deep potholes and  people walking have to constantly be aware  not falling.  This is a liabily for  cy and is costly for all  us.  Please can you pave  alley.
Pothole
Pothole
POTHOLES ON BOTH SIDES OF ROAD
Entire street destroyed by concrete trucks
Large pothole
Rough asphalt and potholes
Pothole in left turn lane
More than 50 potholes on  side  Sorrento Valley Rd.
Large pot hole causing hazard pd is responding.
2nd pictures
Pothole on G street just west  Front street
There are que a few pot holes that are on Acheson Street from Burton Street to Elmore Street.
Pothole
pothole on West G St, west  Front St
First let me thank you for repaving Ltle Street,  looks great! But  area all around  water meter, sewer manhole is very dangerous. I have fallen twice while putting out  trash. This ground is terrible for a 70 year old veteran like me. Please help!Thanks so much.
Numerous potholes throughout  alley between Centre and Normal streets.
Street and area around smarts farm is a mess.
Pothole
Multiple potholes over a 1.5 mile stretch SB N. Torrey Pines Rd, starting at  intersection wh  parking lot for Torrey Pines State Beach
PAVEMENT IFO DRIVEWAY IS SEVERELY CRACKED & CRUMBLED , ISSUE FOR CUST THAT LIVES AT THE HOME
In addion to  whole adjacent to our driveway,  two blocks from Muir School to  dead end at Mount Forde is Family in need  repair. The pavement is bad, causing people to drive around  on a curve and  is dangerous. Repair was previously scheduled I'm told, but n  work ended at Mount Laudo instead  continuing on for  approximate three blocks needing repair  most.
POTHOLES ON MORENA BL
In  middle lane  Pacific Highway about  3000 block where y tried to repair  street re is a big indentation and people are hting all day long!!
Fairly large pothole in number 1 Southbound Ln. on Ingraham
Multiple potholes
Pothole
Pothole
POTHOLE  CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE (1/4 MILE WEST OF INTERSECTION)
POTHOLE
Pothole, at  curve   part   road.
starting at Bruno?s market street and for  next 2 miles  street is terrible. Many potholes and uneven streets. Shty job has been made. Needs fixing ASAP.
re are two potholes in my neighborhood. needs fixing as soon as possible. been re ever since  cy came to do some pipe repairing less than 5 months ago from March 7th, 2018.
pothole middle  intersection Ogden and knoxie. Reported months ago and never fixed.
Two potholes
There is a patch over some work in  center lane that has sunk. I h  and my tire popped! What a pain. Thanks for fixing .
re are 2 potholes on  left lane right near  turning left lane if ur heading towards  bay.
P/H IN RIGHT NB LANE
Huge pothole!
Right side  north bound lane right at south part  intersection wh W Pt Loma Bl growing deeper by  day. Thanks.
Very poor patch job on WB Upas St, creates a pothole like jolt when driving over .
Pothole needs repatching on EB Redwood St.
Pothole in  intersection  32nd St and Redwood St.
Pothole
rive West on Sea World Drive between I-5 and  end   West I-8/Nimz Blvd. Stay in  left lane and drive at least  speed lim for  full effect. When you are done, tell me  two things... 1) You aren't almost sick to your stomach, and 2)  isn't  worst road in San Diego.
Several massive potholes in  right turn lane on westbound Miramar rd, turning onto Eastgate mall. Right in front   76 gas station. They're all next to  gutter making  very hard to avoid when approaching  light to turn.
In alley between Hartford and Galveston just south  Ingulf St
Pothole
The asphalt in  street is most   broken and in several areas are creating potholes. This Cariuto Street is just one   all  circu for VillaPortino. Hopefully  can be resurfaced and fix.
Sharp pot hole in right lane
Test report, disregard
Two potholes in  east bound right lane  Clairemont Mesa Blvd just west   805 f ramp
Pot hole at  south west corner   intersection  Clairemont Drive and Denver Street.  The pothole is where cars going east on Clairemont Drive and turning right to Denver Street go into  pothole.
East bound from Chase Bank about midway before 1st left turn
PER SEWER CREW REFER TO STREETS  AS STREET IS BROKEN UP BY THE DRIVEWAY
Road Maintenance Potholes - 15900-15998 Camino Del Norte, San Diego, CA 92127, USA.There are numerous potholes (too many to ce individually) on Camino Del Norte, San Diego, CA 92127, between I-15 and Dove Canyon Road, on both  east and west sides  Camino Del Norte.Contact:Doug(858) 613-0360wrefle@aol.com
Potholes just past  intersection

2 big potholes in front  her house
Large potholes
Large pothole, right turn lane.  10 th request
Large pothole
Numerous 6 foot stretches  potholes or missing asphalt around  area.  Westbound
Pothole.
Large pothole causing damage to car wheels, road hazard to cyclists, and tripping hazard to pedestrians.
Constuent states street never was resurfaced all or street have been .
  corner  Kearny Villa and Tech Way re is a badly done construction repair exactly in  path where one turns right from Kearny Villa onto Tech Way.  The construction work left a pothole that was never correctly repaired.  's especially dangerous for motorcycles.
Pothole on  intersection  Kettner and Grape. 's in a righthand lane as you go up Kettner.
Uneven and damaged road at railroad track crossing.  Cars swerve into or lanes to avoid bumps and large dips in pavement.  Has been like  for at least 2 years.

Pot hole
DEEP POTHOLE -- I got a flat from hting . 's dangerous and needs to be repaired. Please direct me on how to subm for refund  my tire repair. Photo attached.
Pothole
Previous repair  giant 6-8" deep pothole recently repaired inadequately, still leaving a large 3-4" deep impression. Please fix correctly.
Pothole 4400-4499 HOME AVE
Pothole APPROX ADDRESS 4101 HOME AV







A small, but deep, pothole exists on Grandee Rd, East  Bernardo Oaks Drive, South   intersection  Grandee Way as shown in Block #1The pothole is in  Eastbound lane  Grandee Rd, appx. 20 feet from  intersection  Bernardo Oaks and Grandee Rd.I live at 17114 Prado Pl. For furr information my phone number is 858-722-5446
Pothole
Heading east from MCRD toward Hancock before RR underpass
Deep pothole in eastbound lane.
Huge 1' deep pothole in  alley behind 3841 Richmond.
Pothole patch coming loose on intersection   street
Potholes heading north on Rachael are causing cars to swerve into oncoming lane to avoid m.
This is a very heavily traveled road transions from La Jolla Shores Drive. Large area crumbling. Thank you for your hard work.
Several potholes southbound lanes
Pot hole (deep)
More pot holes
Many potholes on  street in front  Willow School, by  kids crosswalk.

Rough, cracked pavement from Universy to Polk
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole/sunken area around a manhole cover in  westbound lanes  Galvin Ave just west  Westview Pky. The hole is 6-8 inches deep
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes getting bigger each day in  middle   street
3-4  sharp, deep (3inch) potholes on La Lolla Parkway. One  which POPPED MY TIRE! PLEASE REPAIR!!!
Huuuuuuuge & dangerous pothole right in  middle   intersection
HY Cleaner?s Drive Way On El Cajon Blvd.  And on front  parking  HY Cleaner?s.   Thank you.  PaulManager
The street is  severely damaged needs repair. Dangerously large pot holes and clearly marked street and private property lines. There is no sidewalk and people speed in and down  road making  dangerously unsafe for pedestrians and bicyclists.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Multiple Potholes in front  3690 knoxie
Pot hole across from 373 Coast Blvd.  I live at 303 Coast Blvd and have blown one tire on  pot hole.   is near  intersection  Coast Blvd. and La Jolla Blvd.
POTHOLE
Test
pothole




Multiple potholes look like  Andres fault line
Middle lane before light going west bound
The whole street is a big pothole! When are you going to repave ? This street is a disgrace

Pothole (located whin park; see GPS coordinates)
Potholes along 101 near torrey pines state beach
Huge gaping hole in  main water meter on Garnet at Garnet and Lamont. Flap opened up. Stepped on  and fell, hurt my foot; could have hurt myself really bad. Big hazard and needs to be fixed ASAP
Greg Gerhant's cutover test only - please do not process.

TEST - Please do not process
Pot Hole
Pot holes at 4548 El Cajon Blvd.
Pot Hole at 4491 El Cajon Blvd.
Pot holes t 45th and El Cajon Blvd
Eastbound Friars Rd - First Left Turn Lane
Pothole while making a left on to  freeway entrance heading north on  15
Once again  asphalt is pock-marked after one rain storm. Needs resurfacing, not patching.
Pot hole big one
Alleyway has severe potholes and is  need  repairs
Pothole
POTHOLE
Large pothole in  #2 Northbound lane
After  water pipes were repaired below  street surface,  street was left wh potholes and uneven surfaces. This is not only on my street by all  Florida street as well. If  does not get addressed asap I will be talking to a lawyer about a possible law su due to tire/car damage. Thank you
Sdg & e  pothole  needs to be repair asap
Pot holes. This was reported March 3 & y are still re. Hundreds  vehicles  including ambulances, fire trucks & emergency vehicles h  daily
The asphalt in  intersection, especially in  northwest corner, is seriously damaged to  point I had to have my car's alignment checked. This damage continues east on  west-bound lane(s)  Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Wh  volume  traffic in  area, I suggest an immediate assessment engage in order to expede overdue repairs as  has been damaged for many months seemingly whout concern despe that  is an obvious public safety hazard.
Huge pothole on west bound left lane  El Cajon
Pothole
Pothole
Big pothole, due to rain big asphalt rock came loose and  in middle  street, cars hting rock and dipping in hole. b problem. And about 2 car lengths down  street same asphalt came loose and small rocks coming loose, also middle  street.  Area is very noticeable.
The street is elevated by roots or something and  bump on  road is very dangerous for motorcycles and bicycles.  is on  North side  Harbor Drive on  right lane a few hundred feet from where  signal is for Market.
North bound lane adjacent to Charles Lewis III Park, across from homes, has a large  asphalt road patch that has settled/sunk.  Needs to be fixed. Note:  Google satelle pic shows  park.  The map showing red dot at Home and 805 is too far south   correct location.
E/B POTHOLE TIRE DAMAGE
Numerous large potholes and badly damaged asphalt.  30 previous requests over  past 6 months.
Potholes in intersection
Numerous large potholes.
Potholes.
25 POTHOLES ON LA JOLLA PY (BETWEEN HIDDEN VALLEY & I-5)
Pretty bad pot hole that has been re for a few days now...?s on  ex ramp from  8/163 when getting f near  mall, in  2nd to left lane.
*The concerns are directly related to  Cy  San Diego's Catalina Blvd utilies project.  On Southbound Catalina approaching Electron Drive re are far too many uneven surfaces and small/medium-sized potholes.My co-workers and I have lamented how frequently have had to have our tires balanced and  front end on our automobiles aligned. While we are reasonable and expect some degree  inconvenience, to include uneven surfaces,  Cy could and should act in a more responsible manner to properly fill in holes created by  construction project.  Ideally,  holes will be sufficiently filled so that  surface is even and refore resulting in less damage to POVs and unsafe, erratic maneuvers by drivers attempting to avoid  many holes left for weeks/months by  Cy.  We believe that Cy Officials would likely not want to drive ir POVs over  same roads each day. Thank you!
Two previously reported potholes, but not repaired.
Near 6755 Alvarado Road, on  Westbound (freeway) side   street.  About  size  a manhole cover.
POTHOLE IN FRONT OF ADDRESS HAS GOTTEN VERY DEEP AFTER THE RAIN.
POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
south bound side  Nalco st.  at Teresa dr. is a large pothole on  edge   valley gutter. This is forcing people to shift into on coming traffic.  The valley gutter at Jagross and Nalco is cracked and saging. also in front  11254 Nalco St. is a large depression that looks like  might be a sink hole starting,  has been getting deeper.
In front  1868 tattnal Way San Diego CA 92106  street is buckling and has a trip hazard.
LARGE POTHOLE IN LEFT WESTBOUND LANE OF EL CAJON BLVD
Long deep pothole, really bad when you h  on a motorcycle
Smaller pothole near 6877 Alvarado Road.  Also on  Westbound (freeway) side   street.  About 6-8" in diameter.
Bad
POTHOLE EB CARMEL VALLEY RD
EB LANE BETWEEN JACKSON DR  & GULF CREST
POTHOLE
Alley way between  4600 block Arizona street and Hamilton street 4600The alleyway is in a terrible disrepair that  is becoming nearly impassable for vehicles and pedestrians. Alleyway used by f street housing and parking.
2 new potholes west bound center lane about 75 yards east  stop light.
POT HOLE IN ST BELOW 94 FREEWAY
I tripped and hurt my wrist on a pothole
Potholes in alley. The entire alley is nothing but potholes. You guys come and fill one pothole and leave 1,200 ors.
Potholes in alley. Half  alley is dirt. The half that is asphalt is nothing but potholes. I damage my car driving down  alley.
Pothole
Pothole on West Grape Street at Kettner. Right lane eastbound.
Eastbound Grand Avenue at Fan well. To potholes one  m very deep in that long.
Left turn lane on Genesee going west
Multiple potholes from left turn lane going south on Villa La Jolla Drive to La Jolla Village Dr going east
Large Pot Hole at 4200 El Cajon Blvd, westbound lane
Pothole on Rancho Carmel Dr. going south after Provencial Pl.
Two potholes on Stoney Peak Dr going from Carmel Mountain Rd to World Trade Dr.
 storm water drain leading into our facily has a huge pothole, thus causing drain water to accumulate inside  hole and causing  cement around  to break f.
Driving west in left lane, re is a 100 yard long area (where left tire rides) that is delaminating. Several p holes opening along  tire trench.
Water leak was repaired at Carmel Mt. Road (east bound) and Gerana Street but a poor patch repair was done causing a big pothole in  street.   is now a huge pot hole/bump in  road which could cause vehicle damage.
This whole street is tagged wh potholes like  one. Hawley is pretty bad too.
Still here holes
Pothole
Pothole
Pot hole so big and so deep I got a flat tire from 





Pothole
Pothole just on eastbound Westmore Rd. 1 foot right  centerline and just before  stop line
Large pothole on  street/near driveway located at W. Spruce St and Horton Ave.
Pothole at  junction  narrow shoulder and left most lane.
Pothole at  junction  narrow shoulder and left most lane.
Potholes all over  lanes in  next half a mile. The pothole team can scan  all  lanes going towards airport, an area/section that is half a mile long and fix all  potholes.  would be at least 15-20 locations,  and for  person reporting potholes  would be time consuming to report each pothole individually.
Multiple potholes.
Pothole is located on southwest corner  intersection between Aviary and Scripps Ranch Blvd - pothole placed in a way that anyone driving south on Scripps Ranch Blvd and turning right onto Aviary bump over .
Pothole at  cross walk
Multiple potholes.
Potholes.
Potholes in  west bound lane  Universy Ave.
Big potholes in  eastbound lanes  Universy Avenue
Potholes in  eastbound lanes   Universy Avenue
Pothole  on  right most lane just at  intersection   asphalt & concrete (bridge over I-15 Freeway)
2 potholes on Bellotta Drive between Obspo Road and Dominican Road
TWO POTHOLES GOING WEST BOUND.
There are several potholes along  street that need to be filled.
large pothole no. 2 lane going westbound on 4511 el cajon blvd.
Please fix se potholes and pave  street.  is WAY overdue.

Pothole
POTHOLES UNDER 94 BRIDGE
Second request...Several pot holes westbound lanes. Not sure why  first report was closed
The Asphalt around  10" Steel Fire Hydrant Water Shut Off Valve Cover has eroded away causing  metal valve cover to jump in place causing a very loud noise when cars run over in which is disturbing  neighbors. The 10" metal valve cover is located in  north lane east direction at 3933 Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
On  side  3106 menlo ave are 4 deep holes about 6 inches deep along  side   road..y are actually on redwood street,but at  side  3106 menlo ave,0ne is right near  driveway  3106 menlo  ors are just up from that.
On  side  3106 menlo ave are 4 deep holes about 6 inches deep along  side   road..y are actually on redwood street,but at  side  3106 menlo ave,0ne is right near  driveway  3106 menlo  ors are just up from that. ON REDWOOD SIDE
Again, street paving goes on all around  street ( ie Burton St) butnothing ever gets done on Acheson St. Not to mention  sidewalkshave never been redone in probably over 20 years.
All our streets (Excalibur, January, Sherlock and Montrose) have potholes and need to be resurfaced.
POTHOLES BEHIND ADDRESS IN ALLEY
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole in front  1065 Camino Del Rio South.
POTOLES
Pothole in  eastbound #1 lane at 1380 Morena Blvd.
Potholes in  intersection  Sports Arena Blvd and Rosecrans St.
Potholes on  north side   intersection  Kurtz St and Camino Del Rio West.
Bad pothole on road connecting MCRD Gate f Pacific Highway to Hancock Street
Pothole
There is an abundance  potholes on Vickers St, between Convoy St and Mercury St.
Descimated roadway
Long pothole.  This caused a motorcycle accident yesterday.  Expect a bill for that.
  bottom   Clairemont Mesa Blvd between Santo Rd and Antigua Blvd are 2-3 more potholes that were not filled in when 2 ors were done recently. As you drive west on Clairemont Mesa Blvd while at  bottom   downslope going up  hill re are more to fill in and some looking like y are letting go   old work that had been done. This is in  fast lane left side  that lane.
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
pothole in #1 lane on westbound genesee near  163
Pothole
Potholes up and down  street.














Milton st between Cecelia Terrace and Garfield road
Large pothole in crosswalk northbound via Vallarta at Clairemont Mesa blvd
There are multiple pot holes or uneven patched holes up Ingraham all  way to Garnet. They dug up  street weeks/ months ago and  still have not resurfaced  road.  is  rough on car alignment.  has increased  road noise level so much that  disturbs my sleep and wakes me up at least once a night , usually  twice.  I live on Thomas Ave. The traffic on Ingraham never stops,  is constant  24/7! Anyone living near Ingraham is living  pain. When do y plan to resurface  road?
Guess what, Milton St is crumbling yet again - fourth time in barely a year.  Why doesn't  cy use cellophane tape?  Seriously,  techniques and materials used ARE NOT WORKING.  Qu doing  same thing over and over - definion  stupidy and taxpayer waste  money.
The road is very uneven and bumpy from  Taylor street ramp to I8E  f ramp
Potholes
Potholes
pothole in  concrete across  right part   eastbound lane  Wirby St., 20'  east   three-way stop sign intersection.  The pothole is about 3' side to side, and about 8" from leading to trailing edge.
Car tire tore from pothole
Pothole in  left lane.  tore my tire and anor car's tire as well.
There is a pot hole causing damage to tires at  stoplight/corner  Euclid and Ridgeview in  92105 zip code.
Pothole on southwest side  street - damaged my car's suspension!
Pothole
Numerous potholes
Blocks and blocks   street in both directions are devastated and riddled wh potholes.  Some sections are causing cars to come to complete stops trying to avoid  damage.
Complete fail. This whole street is ltered wh bathtub size holes. Soon to be  cause  a wreak or major car damage. Please actually fix! Not just patch m. There are 2 new ones per day. I'm beginning to think I need a 4 wheel drive just to make  to work! Also... fresh painted lines + NO warning= tire art
Pothole
Pothole
P0t
street has major gouge/ potholes from heavy construction equipment from previous street construction
our new street(new asphalt 2 years ago)is already failing.My neighbor Scott Chadwick told me  is a 25 yr asphalt life. hasn't lasted 2 yrs...we have multiple cracks already.The cy should go after who ever won  low bid and did  street. might make sense to fix  issue now because  gets worse every month.

Pothole eastbound lane next to left turn lane
Car damaging pot hole.
Pothole
Numerous pot hole and general fracture  existing asphalt
Pothole in right lane
A lot  sewer work has been done at  intersection  Clairemont Mesa Blvd. and Via Valarta over  last several months.  In  last few weeks on   east side  Via Valarta re is a big 4 foot asphalt patch that is COLLAPSING/SINKING  just as you turn left onto Via Valarta from Clairemont Mesa Blvd (heading east on Clairemont Mesa and turning north on Via Valarta).   is at  very start  Via Valarta.  If you h  wrong you can flatten a tire--especially at night.
Pothole left lane going south.  Many smaller ones furr down

Driving west at location in map. Thank you.
on college avenue, heading north before del cerro blvd re is a a pothole that continues to open anytime  rains.
PER CUST 2 POTHOLES IN FRONT OF THIS ADDRS
Pothole in  middle   crosswalk.
Potholes ( a lot  m) especially between Patrick Henry HS and Margerum.  You have to drive all over  road to to miss m..
Potholes in southbound lanes
Vickers street has several pot holes from Mercury to Convoy. As a business owner on Vickers St. we would like something done about .
Pothole
Pothole
Cy street dept  graded alley between Conifer Ave. and Crus Ave week ending 2-5-18. Feb 13 They came to partially patch potholes, dip between alley and Conifer Ave. Pavement has been eaten away by school bus, trash trucks, UPS, etc. turning around end  street where alley starts. The eroded dip, side  paved street was less than 50% repaired wh pavement. Foreman said we don't pave f edge  paved street. Wear and tear  vehicles reduced wdth  street and needs to be correctly paved wh DG and minimum 2.0 pavement to do job properly. There were many locations on Conifer Ave. were repairs were not made. I'm 73 and I can never remember any paving being done to our street. The bus stop at  intersection  Hollister St. and Conifer Ave. is in terrible shape. The cy bus stops in  middle  Conifer Ave. blocking  street to us who live on Conifer Ave. Street repairs are needed here also. MTS needs to install a proper bus stop.
Cy street dept  graded alley between Conifer Ave. and Crus Ave week ending 2-5-18. Feb 13 They came to partially patch potholes, dip between alley and Conifer Ave. Pavement has been eaten away by school bus, trash trucks, UPS, etc. turning around end  street where alley starts. The eroded dip, side  paved street was less than 50% repaired wh pavement. Foreman said we don't pave f edge  paved street. Wear and tear  vehicles reduced wdth  street and needs to be correctly paved wh DG and minimum 2.0 pavement to do job properly. There were many locations on Conifer Ave. were repairs were not made. I'm 73 and I can never remember any paving being done to our street. The bus stop at  intersection  Hollister St. and Conifer Ave. is in terrible shape. The cy bus stops in  middle  Conifer Ave. blocking  street to us who live on Conifer Ave. Street repairs are needed here also. MTS needs to install a proper bus stop.



Several potholes in  viciny damage to vehicle
LARGE POSSIBLE SINKHOLE FORMING JUST SOUTH OF INTERSECTION
SEVERAL LARGE P/HS BY SPEED BUMPS ALL THE WAY DOWN TO BOOTS
Pothole in middle  street
Sent: Tuesday, March 13, 2018 1:36 PMTo: 'pubworks@escondido.org' <pubworks@escondido.org>Subject: RE: voicemail message for pothole on Bear Valley Pky & San Pasqual RdGood afternoon,We received a call from your fice regarding pothole at Bear Valley Pky & San Pasqual Rd.This intersection is not a County maintained.  Will forward to Cy  San Diego.
20x20 deep(about 8"-10") pothole in  middle   south bound lane  Roselle st.
Road Maintenance Potholes - 1076 Agate St, San Diego, CA 92109, USA
From: Marx, Gloria <Gloria.Marx@sdcounty.ca.gov> Sent: Friday, March 9, 2018 11:26 AMTo: TSW Street Service <Street_Service@sandiego.gov>Subject: Road Maintenance Potholes - 1101-1123 Russ Blvd, San Diego, CA 92101, USAGood morning,Comment: right before 11h blvd big potholes
Massive pothole. Just destroyed my (new) tire and possibly wheel.
San Carlos/Del Cerro - practically every street in  communy has potholes everywhere, is crumbling, and has fallen apart due to years  neglect and improper replacement schedules being followed.  Please make se communies a priory for upcoming overlay and slurry seal projects.  Is is an absolute hazard for driving and an embarrassment for  cy to have let  road condions deteriorate to se levels.
northwest bound genessee ave, very large pothole, blew out my tire and almost caused me to crash - 0100 AM 3/15/18
Big deep long trench pothole at SE corner  La Jolla Village Dr and Genesee - worst pothole on my commute probably a construction mistake man made not filled for at least 6 months
A few potholes that are hard to miss!
A few potholes on  street
There's a pothole close to  SE corner  Signal Ave and Hermes St.
pothole in southbound Lanes
PER H7311 BAD BOTPHOLE NEEDS TO BE DONE ASAP
Pothole on street
Whole length  Paradise Valley Rd is full  potholes
Tire size pothole, sorry could not take a picture
I am wring to request that 3 big potholes be filled in your district:1. On Linda Vista Road going west just past Ulric in front   gas station2. There is a pothole on both sides  Genesee Ave. between Linda Vista Rd. and  entrance to  163 freeway
There is a pothole on both sides  Genesee Ave. between Linda Vista Rd. and  entrance to  163 freeway
Very large, very deep pothole at bus stop.
Large Pothole at East/North corner  intersection  Meade Ave., and Illinois.  As you head West bound...and into  next 3000 Meade/block a few more potholes.
SD water does work in my neighborhood and does not repave  whole street.
long-standing divet (hole) on above intersection. Specifically, when turning left onto La Jolla Drive, after driving up Town Center Drive. You won't miss  -  already has caused a problem to cars driving over  divet in  very busy intersection.
More potholes created by SD water.
More potholes created by SD water.
More potholes created by SD water.

Left edge if Number 3 lane on west side  kettner on Grape re is a deep pothole.

Non-compliant alleyway replacement. Peak  heaved asphalt is +6" above adjacent alleyway surface.
HAZARDOUS POTHOLE. SB INGRAHAM INSIDE LINE BETWEEN MISSOURI ST & DIAMOND
Multiple potjoles
Pot hole in middle    intersection .
Large hole n/b lane.
Several potholes in whole block.
Pothole just east   last speed bump before Westonhill Drive on Capricorn Way. Please for  love  god just re-pave  entirety  Capricorn Way. This street is in terrible condion and reporting all   potholes on  is impossible.

New pot hole at 7575 New Salem St 92126
Gutter on street all along  block is broken and wh potholes, accumulated water after rains
2 potholes on south side  that street wide slow down type raised asphalt needs filling to avoid damaging tires, etc on vehicles. Please fill in. Thanks !


Big holes center westbound lane.
There are a number  potholes and or decaying parts   street in front  Holmes Elementary, and my house.
Big pothole on Linda Vista Road going west, just past Ulric in front  gas station.
11" deep, 10" x 10" east bound lane + anor like  20' east. Axle killers
Pot holes, big damaging
Pothole on Brandywine at Trenton Avenue, 92117
Pothole
The American Legion address is as close as I can get to se potholes; one going east on Genesee towards  163 and one going west on Genesee, not too far from  corner  Linda Vista Rd and Genesee.
Large pothole
Cy came to remove old post light, "filled"  hole up and whin hours  cement fell inside  hole.  was unpressionally done and now re is a big hole in  sidewalk .
 road is in horrible condion. multiple potholes. PLEASE fix ASAP
horrible condion. why is  not being fixed? reported  many times
Hugh Pot hole in middle lane
Pothole on westbound Pomerado Rd approximately 300 yards East  Scripps Ranch Blvd intersection.
Pothole on westbound Pomerado Rd approximately 250 yards East  Scripps Ranch Blvd intersection.
Four (4) potholes on westbound Pomerado Rd approximately 150 yards East  Scripps Ranch Blvd intersection.
Pothole on westbound Pomerado Rd inside  Scripps Ranch Blvd intersection.
Deep pot hole
Deep pothole in right lane on southbound Bernardo Center Drive just before  I-15 underpass
Deep pothole from street repairs
Pothole
Pavement breaking up into potholes
Several potholes in SB lanes
To potholes and southbound lanes
Pothole in southbound lane []
Pothole in front  drive way
Pothole on Genesee is huge, in slight left side   northbound lane between Linda vista Rd and Whney st and completely fucked up my tire
Several potholes in eastbound lane
Hole in  east bound lane
northbound lane south  Carol Canyon Road
several in northbound lane north  Carol Canyon Road
2 potholes westbound Miramar Road. 1 immediately West  Eastgate Mall intersection in far left lane. The 2nd less than 100 yards farr west also  in far left lane.
This street is a disaster to drive down. There are multiple potholes that keep getting filled and refilled. The whole street needs to be replaced. The cy destroyed  when y stored ir equipment all up and down Redwood. From 38th all  way to Central Ave.
Camino Santa Fe northbound number 2 lane south  Commerce Avenue
adjacent to manhole cover in #1 Southbound Ln. north  Activy Road intersection
Westbound lanes near  median have multiple pot holes
There are many pot holes on  street (in front   address 3555 Lemona Ave). Please fix  road.  Thanks!!!
Very large pot-hole in  inside, west-bound lane  Genesee Ave, after you ex  163 North on-ramp.  The pothole is before you reach  first cross street, Richland St.
Holes in  no. 1 lane
POTHOLE
Pothole at intersection  Westmore Rd & Westmore Dr. 8700 block  Westmore Rd on eastbound lane.
Pothole where previous patch has sunk creating damaging edge  cement. Westmore Dr making a right turn onto Westmore Rd.
Pretty big pothole westbound lane
Lots  potholes from under  163 bridge to Linda Vista Rd. on Genesee. Going west....Some VERY LARGE ones!!!
bad pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Deteriorated Street and and Stop Sign at intersection causing motorists to not stop.
Potholes throughout W Washington Street
POTHOLES IN FRONT OF HOUSE
Eastbound
Pothole
E/B
A pretty deep pothole. Reappears every time  rains.
Severe, large and deep pothole. Multiple or smaller ones surrounding.
South bound lanes. 2nd request. Thanks.
Approximate location south bound.
Various Large potholes on Bellota Drive also large cracks going across  road from one side to  or
Large pothole getting worse after cy repairs. William Johnson 619-449-7407
Pothole in right lane  eastbound La Jolla Village drive between I-5 ex and Lebon Dr. Has been filled before but has come open again. Thanks.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole in  intersection
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes middle Lane
Potholes in  intersection
Large pothole westbound lane 1 near center divide on Genesse Ave right before  N Judson street light.
Several potholes in  east bound direction  Palm Avenue
This street is filled wh patched potholes and has become que dangerous as  elevation (eir up or down) requires high level  attention due to  road condions and because 1 street, 1 alley and 1 private driveway narrow down to a single lane. I have just missed or cars that seem to appear out  nowhere.  THe entire street needs repaving, but for now, can you patch  several potholes that really make driving dangerous.  You'll see m once you get to  street.  They are prrimarily on  north side  Robinson Street east  Florida.  Thanks.
pothole
When making a left turn from black mountain road to Carroll Centre road, ir road is extremely uneven and caused vehicles to have very bumpy ride. Please fix  as  is unsafe
Pothole, as you make right hand turn to Redwood st.

Entire street between via carroza and calle de vida.
entire street between via carroza and calle de vida at least needs resurfacing.
entire street between via carroza and calle de vida.
entire street has potholes.
pothole
whole street needs resurfacing.
potholes
whole street needs help.
Multiple potholes in  stretch.
uneven street  pavementpothole 300 ft in from  corner on  east side   street
Broken pavement, numerous cracks
potholes, pavement cracked
Pothole near stop sign line on east bound lane  Westmore Rd.  This is at intersection  Westmore Rd.and Westonhill Dr.






POTHOLES ON THE 3500, 3600, & 3700 BLOCKS OF CROWN POINT DR
Eastbound Clairemont at Ruffin Rd in crosswalk
Pothole

This street segment from Westonhill to Booted is in bad state. Too many problems to list, potholes, etc. seems overlooked!
Whoever working on  street did not do a good job patching  road back toger.
Street patch from last water main repair is bad. Pothole in middle lane east bound.
Left lane when heading towards I 15
Pothole next to manhole cover
Deep enough to be full  water.
Big pothole about approximately 1 ft in diameter
Pothole wh possible bubbling water. Or just rainwater. Should be checked that 's not  beginning  a collapse.
Enormous pothole 2' in diameter at intersection  Grape and Kettner.

There are potholes on Elm Avenue between Saturn and 18th  Street.  Most   potholes are closer to 18th and Elm Ave
2 large potholes


Westbound on Milton Street, on  hill.Very important! This is not a big pothole, but  appears to be very deep.
DEEP!  6"+MCTC trucks are tearing up Morena/Bay Park!
Natural Spring leaking into roadway, asphalt in disrepair, visibile from Google earthquake
Natural Spring leaking into roadway, asphalt in disrepair, visibile from Google earth
Natural Spring leaking into roadway, asphalt in disrepair, visibile from Google earth
Large pothole in center lane
2 large potholes

Numerous potholes and damaged asphalt
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes.  9th request at  location in  last 6 months.

All  potholes are dangerous to people and cars. Does someone have to get hurt to fix  street?
Anor one to fix please
One more
Ankle breaker.
Damaged asphalt
















Underground work completed 2 months ago but street not paved and 3-4" potholes remain.
Road repair Asphalt plug cave-in.

Pothole  far left lane  westbound Rosecrans St.
Multiple potholes in both directions along Genesee Ave.
Multiple potholes in both directions along Genesee Ave. including  far right lane  Genesee Avenue westbound.
Entire roadway between Camino Ruiz and Bootes is full  pot holes and crumbled roadway.
This entire road has crumbling asphalt and pot holes.   is heavily used by school traffic
Large pothole.  will damage tires
Lots  potholes
Pothole needs to be filled
Lots  potholes
re are five potholes whin 2 houses   address on both sides   street
2FT WIDE & 3 INCH DEEP POTHOLE CAUSE TIRE DAMAGE.
Two potholes linked by crack
NUMEROUS POTHOLES ON S VALENCIA PARKWAY
southbound lane, Clairemont Drive south  Blackfoot Street, re are numerous potholes in  lane for an extended length.
Deep pothole on  westbound lane
Navajo road and bisby lane intersection pot holes
Pothole in  middle  Evening Creek Dr. N and Sabre Springs Parkway intersection.
Potholes.
Thrilled is a trench at  location. I have a flat tire as a result  hting . The hole destroyed  sidewalk  my tire.
Pot hole in  west bound Traveled Lane
Three Pot Holes in  traveled lane at  corner  Corte Sabio & Paseo Lucido - at  Cies Stop sign.
There are numerous potholes on our street from calle de Vida to rueda. The entire road is terrible.
The whole street starting on 30th street and all along Broadway heading east is all potholes.
Big potholes just before light heading westbound center lane
Asphalt coming apart in numerous places in westbound lanes several potholes
Potholes getting bigger everyday  one has an posed cable.
Pothole
Pothole
Long pothole in center eastbound lane motorcycle hates  one at night 's only a matter  time until someone gets hurt.
Deep pothole near where previous large hole was filled
This an example  one  many damaged areas on our street
AT INTERSECTION
S/B ON MISSION
Several potholes and rough pavement in middle  intersection.
Behind last storm drain

On Glenroy Street between Princess View and Greenbrier, re are no over 60 individual potholes. On some areas,  road  has deteriorated to where sections are missing. The presence  Lewis Middle School on  Street means re are hundreds  cars and buses making trips Monday-Friday on  street.

Street is a disaster  all pot holes. Sup many. I don't know why thru came out here and try to cover 3 lil pot holes and ignore all  or ones.  You need to see  wh your eyes. No picture can show how bad  is.
POTHOLE MID OF STREET
Pothole in  right lane  northbound Convoy Street near  corner  Kearny Mesa Rd.
Multiple potholes along Kearny Mesa Rd. in both directions.
Potholes along southbound Kearny Mesa Rd. near  corner  Ollo St.
Multiple potholes along eastbound Rosecrans Street
Pot hole on turn
In front   front yard   house, a pothole is growing bigger everyday, cause safety hazard and danger for vehicles. Please come to fix .
potholes
pothole.
Potholes in a 25  - 50 yards section.
Potholes in a 75 yard section going West on Poway road.
In  alley re are several potholes in  dirt patch.
Pothole
After street repair was completed re is  a large section   street that drops  lower more every time I drive over . Now my muffler is making noise . I may have damaged my car due to  large hole in  street.  is not a pothole  is   width   car and maybe  length  a car.  is on Home Ave Northbound.  is immediately north after  stop light by  new children's play park, I put in Cy Farmer's Nursery but  is  closer to  next light south   address down
NORTH SIDE OF UNIVERSITY WEST SIDE OF 30TH
Potholes, at least 6 or more large holes, all along  southwest direction  broadway approaching  94 east on  ramp. These holes have been progressively getting bigger and has cause one flat and at least one Blownout tire on my personal vehicle.
Ran over a pothole on Friday night, got two flat tires, near  corner  Genessee and Linda Vista Road.  Had to tow my car and  tow truck driver said that y were getting more calls about that pothole and people getting flat tires.  You guys need to fix that street.  's really messed up over re.
LARGE POTHOLE IN S/B LANE, ON 06TH JUST SOUTH OF UNIVERSITY AVE, HAZARD, CARS ARE SWERVING!
POTHOLES ON BOTH SIDES OF HOUSE (AMESBURY & KIRTRIGHT)

Damaged asphalt and concrete.  Potholes
Pothole
Potholes all along  alley between Polk Ave and Orange Ave
Potholes all along  alley between Polk Ave and Orange Ave
A couple  potholes in westbound lane
Potholes all along  alley between Universy Ave and Polk Ave
Potholes all along  alley between Universy Ave and Polk Ave
This is more than a pothole, but your simple categories are limed.  There is a trench repair that crosses eastbound Navajo Road approximately where I placed  marker.  The repair has sunk, creating a hazardous linear trench across traffic.  You need to get that contractor to repair that immediately before someone looses control and has an accident for which  Cy will be liable.
Multiple cracks and potholes
Multiple potholes
Multiple potholes
Potholes all along  alley between Polk Ave and Orange Ave
POTHOLE GROWING ON FANUEL BETWEEN HORNBLEND & GARNET (BEHIND 7-11)
Potholes all along  alley between Orange Ave and El Cajon blvd
POTHOLE GROWING  ON FANUEL BETWEEN HORNBLEND AND GARNET  (BEHIND 7-11()
Numerous potholes and cracks
LARGE POTHOLE PER H722
Hundreds  potholes on Poway Road from I-15 east 2 miles to  Cy  Poway border in both directions. This road is a mess in all three east and west lanes.
Big pothole, seems to be deepening quickly. Is right next to sewer/water access porthole. Thanks in advance
Multiple large potholes in street.  This section  stree, Ensign/Constution in between Lehrer Drive and Conrad Avenue, is in poor shape.  Many nearby streets in  neighborhood were resurfaced in 2017, but  street was not.
Southbound lane in  center   intersection has a large pot hole in .  The whole intersection is a mess but  particular pot hole you have to swerve around to miss. 32nd st and North Park Way intersection.
Potholes approximately 25 yards apart on  second lane from right.
Pothole in front  266 16th St.
Potholes on  east side   intersection  Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Ruffin Rd.

Many potholes
Potholes
The alley "T" connecting A and B streets between 25th and 26th looks like  was bombed out. There have been many heavy trucks through re due to  undergrounding  utilies and many poorly executed patches due to sewer repairs etc.  is dangerous to walk or ride on and someone is going to get hurt (not to mention what  is doing to  vehicles and how embarrassing  looks)
deep pothole nearest  light for Clairemont Mesa Blvd if heading North on Longford Street.
Pothole located on Paseo del Verano Norte near Avenida Cordillera in Oaks North Rancho Bernardo
Large pothole caused by water damage. 2ft x 2ft by about 5  inches deep.
The alley behind 5033 all  way to 5139 is riddled wh deep pot holes.  Please send someone to assess as  alley is extremely busy and se pot holes post a risk  vehicle damage.
Big Pothole lane next to  divider
Huge pothole center lane
Pot from water line repair
Porthole at intersection  malvaney and turnbridge
There is a huge pothole on Paradise valley road, close to  intersection  paradise valley road and Parkwood Drive.
Myrtle Avenue in Hillcrest is a mess, we live at 1242 Myrtle Avenue. Please do something about  mess.
POTHOLE
Entire street in front  my house is dangerous for anyone to walk on - and re is no choice as re are no sidewalks.
really big pot hole on a busy street wh buses and people.
NB LANE OF CARMEL MOUNTAIN
Highly traveled street that develops potholes every winter. Wh more rain coming y will get bigger. Capricorn was resurfaced a month or more ago from Polaris to Westview Parkway. Now  needs to be resurfaced from Westonhill to Polaris. Also re are still no lines on  resurfaced portion which is not safe.

Monstrous pothole
near On Collwood re are some pot holes and a long pot hole that runs down  street.
 pothole has been re for a long time and 's getting worst everyday, when cars are turning in  would not be a smooth turn in.
This manhole has been heavily damaged and is popping up from  pavement. I'm afraid that  debris can fly out   area and hurt someone.
second curve at  intersection  Pickett St, right lane, pothole
pothole on Hancock just before Greenwood, left lane
Really rough, needs resurface   large area, middle  intersection
Pothole
Very large pothole and  blew my tire out. Westbound side   road in  intersection.
Recent sewer/water pipe repair construction and road patching has left Diamond St between Fanuel and Cass like a washboard!  The patching material sank down below  surrounding road surface leaving a series  rutts. Very rough driving over even at slow speed!
GOING SOUTH ON COLLEGE, THE ENTIRE STRETCH IS FULL OF POTHOLES, SINKS, UNEVEN PAVEMENET. PLEASE REPAIR.
THANKS FOR THE DORMITORY CONSTRUCTION, THE STREET IS IN TERRIBLE SHAPE. I CAN FEEL THE UNEVEN PAVEMENT, WOBBLES, AND POTHOLES. PLEASE HAVE COMPANY PATCH THE STREET AS THEY CONTINUE CONSTRUCTION? IT'S THEIR RESPONSIBILITY TO MAINTAIN THE STREET IN DRIVEABLE CONDITION, IT'S THEIR PROJECT, MAKE THEM PAY FOR THE MAINTENANCE.
THANKS TO THE DORMITORY CONSTRUCTION, THE STREET IS IN TERRIBLE SHAPE. I CAN FEEL THE UNEVEN PAVEMENT, WOBBLES, AND POTHOLES. PLEASE HAVE COMPANY PATCH THE STREET AS THEY CONTINUE CONSTRUCTION? IT'S THEIR RESPONSIBILITY TO MAINTAIN THE STREET IN DRIVEABLE CONDITION, IT'S THEIR PROJECT, MAKE THEM PAY FOR THE MAINTENANCE.
Westbound lanes approaching SR Blvd and Willow Creek
Very deep pothole. About 8 inches deep. 30 inches wide. Very dangerous and ruins cars. Corner  Wing St. and Midway Drive, next to IHOP.
Heading EB on Market Street turning right on to 36th. H a pothole by  crosswalk intersection.
Pot holes all over on Village Glen Dr
All lanes  westbound traffic on Harbor Drive approaching  airport from  Hawthorne ex f  I-5 are in terrible shape. They are pock-marked wh cold patching that is failing in certain areas, and re are some large and deep potholes existing that nobody has bored to fill. I believe se condions are contributing to some potentially dangerous driving behaviors as drivers attempt to navigate  lanes in efforts to try and avoid  gaping potholes. We now service over 20 million passengers per year at SAN, and  road condion is an embarrassment to our cy. After driving  thoroughfare for 20 years, I've never seen  roads in a state  such disrepair along  stretch. Please do something to repair  roadway.  looks horrible, is potentially dangerous, and I'm sure is causing wear and tear on vehicles.
Multiple potholes along road
HOLE IN STREET
Very problematic area in  top side  alley, no matter how any times  pot holes are covered. perhaps a better solution is needed.
Damaging pothole near center  sixth avenue southbound by mercy hospal
Significant pothole near entrance to northbound ramp to I15 on Bernardo Center.
A pothole has been developing over  last several months.  is getting worse as  is right where vehicle's tires h . Also, just west   pothole (directly in front   driveway at 2355 Calle Del Oro, re is a patch to  pavement done by Cy workers when  sewer lateral was replaced several years ago. The patch is starting to deteriorate and  would be a good idea to repatch  at  same time  pothole is repaired.
LARGE DEEP POTHOLE, JUST AFTER I-163 ON RAMP, ON GENESEE, CAUSED DAMAGED TO VEHICLE!
LARGE HOLE ON MILTON JUST CROSS OF TOKALON, CAUSED DAMAGE TO VEHICLE
Ha ha. Not too bad at  moment, but  odds are, as people keep running over ,  will get worse and worse and worse and n become a major problem. There are also a number  or small pot holes throughout  intersection.
Very deep pothole on  ex from 163 so. To universy ave. Large hole is about 100 yards from universy as you take  f ramp. If a motorcyclist h  hole  would most likely knock m f  bike.
POTHOLE E/B IFO THE CAR WASH
Please!!! Fix se potholes and n pave  street. All or streets around us were paved= Glidden and Burton. This is  2nd time  has happened in  past 10 years.
Many potholes
Many potholes
Terrible potholes on  corner
Pothole
Pothole
The entire street is horrible, has been for years. A neighbor is filling one in front  his house since  cy doesn't take care   street.
Pothole
Pothole
Numerous potholes.  The entire stretch   Washington is in bad shape.
Badly damaged asphalt and large deep potholes.  Those entire area for many blocks in all directions is in very bad shape.
POTHOLES UNDER THE 5 FREEWAY
Pothole
9050-9055 Gold Coast Drive..a large pothole on  east bound lane.

LARGE POTHOLE ON NAVAJO IN MIDDLE LANE. OLD PATCH SUNKEN. LEA DANJANI 619-933-2048
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE EASTBOUND LANE AT THE ADDRESS
Pothole
Pothole on EB Frost St adjacent to first driveway on  right. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.
In front  3653 Curlew. Pothole.
Many large dangerous potholes.  Please fix ASAP.
Very large pothole.  This street was recently repaired and already has a huge pothole that presents a danger to both pedestrians and drivers swerving to avoid .  This is not  first pothole on Milton that has appeared on a newly repaired part   road.
pothole on mission beach boardwalk.  Some potholes filled in, but still a lot along  boardwalk north to San Rafael
The section  Clairemont Drive from I-5 to Burgener Blvd is in desperate need  repaving. Numerous potholes exist. Although  section  roadway may not currently be scheduled for an overlay in  Cy's Capal Improvement Program,  should be considered a high priory right now. Thank you, Sara Ellison
Large pothole on rosecran/sports arena. The pothole caused a blowout on two  my tires. The diameter is equivalent to a car?s tire.
Huge pothole in  road.
Multiple large potholes on Camino del Rio N between Camino del Arroyo and Camino de la Siesta.
Pot holes all over wing st.
Pothole in  middle   road
Pothole on ramp from La Jolla Parkway to I5 south.
Deep pothole in  middle   road
Pothole
Pothole
The entire road is full  potholes
Pothole on  westbound Lane  Milton Street traffic is swerving to avoid pothole
24"x18" x 4" deep
Deep pothole on Bernardo Center Drive heading west, in right hand lane just as you pass  on ramp to 15 North.   16410 Bernardo Center drive is  closes address I could find.

Issued on Report No.: 00309573This is a pretty big pothole.   is about 24"x18"x4" deep.   was large enough  ruined my rim and  had to be replaced.
Pothole s
Potholes
Potholes on  lanes turning left.
potholes
potholes in  25-50 yard stretch
Potholes in  westbound #2 lane in  600 block  Washington St.
Pothole in  westbound #2 lane at 324 West Washington St.
Please fill all  many potholes & cracks on Navajo Road (both east  & west sides) between Parkride and Waring/College intersection.  Thank you.
There Is a large pot hole  about 12? wide which aligns perfectly wh  front drivers side tire  ones car. I have to swerve around  pot hole and n quickly swerve again to avoid  traffic sign that is bent leaning out into  left lane.
Huge hole in street
Pothole in right   two East bound lanes.
There are numerous pot holes from  start   street to  end that need repair. This is my second request to get  completed.
Potholes everywhere
Multiple potholes in that section.
This pothole is pretty big and right in  middle   road as you ex  intersection. Most cars don't see  until y almost h .
There is a big pothole on  south bound side or Rosecrans Street near  Sports Arena intersection, not too far from Chipotle.  's really messing up cars.
Deep
Large shallow pothole in westbound lane and a few smaller holes
2 potholes at corner  cardinal drive and cardinal street.  Getting bigger
Pothole 3600 LOTUS
SEVERAL POTHOLES FROM 3900-4000 MISSION BL!
Massive caving in or  cement pavement. Probably about 6 inches deep. Could do major damage to a car. Needs to be fixed.
Big cracks and tripping hazards.
Big cracks and tripping hazards.
Big cracks and tripping hazards.
Half street was patched but or half still major cracks and potholes
Pothole and rough asphalt
Potholes and rough asphalt
Pothole-can you fill in? Right in front :2155 Mendocino Blvd San Diego Ca 92107Thank you!
Pothole in westbound lane bernardo center dr
Entire block is full  cracks and potholes from curb to curb. Needs complete repaving.
8922 Covina Street ..large pothole wh numerous small potholes connected to each or in  middle  street
8645 Covina Street ..large pothole connected to an old large patch
In right curb lane
There are a number  very deep potholes that routinely cause damage to vehicles traveling along 35th, from Madison to Monroe. A number  residents have expressed ir concern over  safety   street, especially given that many young children from Normal Heights Elementary walk along  street on ir way to or from school.
HUGE pot hole at  stop sign on northbound redwood at 32nd street.
Series  potholes and cracks in  street in  1442 block  Sampson street have  possibily to cause contractors, U.S. navy personnel, to trip during hours  darkness. They may also contribute to wear, tear and damage to vehicles.

four or five large, deep potholes in left Southbound lane at 4090 Mission Blvd.  Please repair all  potholes in  15-20 foot span in front   Coldwell Banker Office Building
This is more  a queston, last year I put in a complaint about Chateau Dr. from Genessee to Mt. Abernathy having many pot holes.  The cy came out and paved  street but y skipped 1 block from Paola Way to Camber Dr. and now se pot holes are getting bad and again I am driving and find cars on my side   street trying to avoid potholes on ir side.  Why was  one strip  street not finished  really puzzles me
There are two very large potholes in  westbound lane  Milton (on  hill).  One has a divot  about 5 inches and is very, very dangerous.   has already caused an accident, and re is now a van parked on  street so that  is harder to avoid.  This is a very busy street.  Please make  a top priory.
Large hole in alley behind 5330 Rex
  gate leading to 2351 1/2 Harbor Drive, re is a series  potholes that could cause contractors and U.S. Navy sailors to trip during hours  darkness.
Potholes west bound on Navajo rd
Pothole and road so decayed, vehicles have to drive super slow when turning corner from Kearny Mesa road to EAST BOUND Balboa Ave. The potholes and road are a safety hazard.
Intersection at 2200 Harbor Drive and Sampson Street has potholes throughout  which can be trip hazards to contractors and U.S. Navy sailors, also may cause damage to personal and company vehicles.
Pothole 4750 mercury st
Potholes and cracks creating trip hazards for contractors and U.S. Navy sailors. The potholes may also cause wear and tear and damage to personal and company vehicles.
multiple pot holes, two que large
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
This is a huge pot hole on  north side  Grape at Kettner
S/B LEFT LANE ON EL CAMINO REAL  RIGHT BEFORE SAN DIEGUITO
Ski slope sized potholes in  intersection
Large pothole in  number one lane going westbound Market Street
Pothole on new Salem st around montongo.
going south on  1300 Picardo Blvd , intersection to Arruza street. big pot hole. Damaged my tires.
Nice repair....posted  problem 3 months ago and had  ticket closed  next day!!  Still here, pothole is over 2" deep & fills wh foul run f water, n splashes passing pedestrians as y walk down  sidewalk.  Furr,  is a designated bike lane, which forces bikes into traffic lanes!Keep up  great work San Diego
Large pothole nearly ruined my wheel. Or smaller holes in  immediate area.
F/U to my prior post.... location is on W Ash St between Pacific and Harbor, downtown SD.
looks  like a sink hole coming up. everyday  looks deeper and damage my tires
Pothole on S Euclid @ Trinidad Way  in front  Lincoln High School Reporting party Theo 619-292-6978
Numerous deep pothole and badly damaged asphalt in  intersection.
Intersection  dawes and Law


5 potholes in  block NB
Giant potholes in front  932 Oliver and 935.
POTHOLES/BROKEN PAVEMENT

Dangerous potholes throughout alley. Why is  still a dirt alley??

Intersection between reed and noyes
Pothole in intersection  grand and ingraham
Pothole in second lane
Kindly repair  enormous Sink hole in  Alley behind 4568 Idaho Street. hole creates an walking hazard, and anyone young or old could break an ankle if y are not aware   depth   pot hole. Thanks in advance for you attention to  simple request.

PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE IN SOUTH BOUND TRAFFIC
Crater, lake sized
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON THE 3500 BLOCK SOUTH BOUND LANE
In front  Rancho Cocina
Large pothole that can damage vehicles
Pothole large at light
A few shallow potholes on Clairemont Dr. heading south just before Joplin.
Pothole
Pothole
Couple pot holes
Street needs repair. Large crack is upended and causing tire damage. Needs a fill or replacement.
WEST ON INTERSECTION, IN CENTER LANE, TRAVELING EAST.
Pothole
7400 all  way North to Mission Gorge is a mess  potholes. Some   repairs are falling apart too. This street is badly needed for repavement. Please fix  before our cars are damaged. I will make claim if my car is compromised. Thank you in advance.
P/HS IN THE NB AND SB LANES ALL THE WAY TO MAST
Poor road condions
Couple  holes in  right lane between  alley and ECB
Looks like re was a hole filled in but has sunken back in. Right lane between Mohawk and Saranac. There are several or holes that need to be filled also in  same area.
Driving west on Capricorn and Westonhill, large pothole just over first speed bump
Massive pothole/damaged street to newly paved street and sidewalk that has not been restored and needs repair.
Pothole on bridge heading west
Huge pothole at  Gesner Morena junction, tuning north on to Morena.
Refer to report 00304689  3/8/2018 at 1610 by C ArnoldContact at arnoldcr1@aol.com or 858-722-5446
There is a pothole in front  my driveway that just continues to get bigger and bigger.
A large pot hole causing vehicle damage in  slow lane, west side  Bernardo Center Drive, between McDonald's restaurant (16440 Bernardo Center Drive) and  north bound freeway entrance.
This entire street is a mess wh large potholes and gashes in  road that get worse and worse wh each rain
THESE AREA HAVE SEVERAL POTHOLES
Road finishers did a poor job joining  new road to  concrete drainage divider and a chunk  road has now come out
THIS AREA HAS SEVERAL POTHOLES
THIS AREA HAS SEVERAL POTHOLES
THIS AREA HAS SEVERAL POTHOLES
THIS AREA HAS SEVERAL POTHOLES
Two side by side in south bound lanes at Knapp st
Location is between Jackson and Golfcrest, EB on Navajo, near Canyon View Apts.  Significant depression/pothole in patch work  what appears to be a prior trench.  Dangerous to vehicles traveling at high speed, and especially to motorcycles.
Pothole in  intersection in right lane on southbound Santo Rd.
Southbound Executive Way, right turn lane at La Jolla Village Drive, re are many potholes. The asphalt is crumbling.
Southbound Brannia Blvd. between Airway Road and Siempra Viva Rd, re is a large deep pothole in  center lane.
Lots  pot holes on Wing especially where  connects at Midway. Also Barnett has been needing paving for years.
Eastbound Siempre Viva Road between Brannia Blvd. and Cactus Road, re are many potholes.
Failing trench full. Cold mix used to fill a trench after what looked to be a water line repair is coming up and creating a nasty pothole wh a 90 degree edge. People swerve to miss s getting bigger.
Major potholes all along Wing Street up to  intersection  Midway Drive starting at Kenyon street.  Really big potholes!
Pot hole just before  I-15 underpass right most lane.
There is a very large and deep pothole in  number two westbound lane  Bernardo Center Drive just under  street light before  underpass  I-15.
Our street- Oleander Dr in Point Loma is in horrible condion. There are several potholes in our street.  makes  very unsafe for our kids to ride ir bikes and walk. My mom twisted her ankle in a pothole while walking our dog.
Big hole s I street near intersection at AmeroNeed to swerve into oncoming traffic to miss
Acheson St needs to be paved please.  has been over 12 years since 's been done. appears that  pot holes are not completed so  street is ready.You just recently paved Burton and Glidden- our surrounding streets.
Huge potholes all over wing st. starting from  intersection  Wing St.  and Midway going all  way down past  apartment building at 3255 wing street. There's about 4 or 5 along  street. Some wh huge chunks   pavement lying next to  holes.
Large pothole on wing st. if your making a right hand turn onto midway dr. The hole has caused damage to my cars wheels and rims. please fix asap.  is a street wh a lot  traffic.
Very large pothole at  intersection  Sports Arena Blvd. and Rosecrans. Caused damage to my tire. Please fix asap.
Driving up grand ave going east in  inside laneDate Sunday March 11,2018  3:00 PMThe car  Mercedes C300   H a huge pot hole that caused  front driver side front  tire to go flat as well as bend  rim   I called AAA who replaced  tire wh  spare tire    The next day I drove to Dragon fly auto on Pacific HWYThey had to replace  tire as well as repair  tire rim  Cost was $330.00
Pothole at bus atop
GOING NORTH ON COLLEGE AVE, OPPOSITE THE POLICE MUSEUM. PREVIOUSLY FILLED POTHOLES ARE OPEN AGAIN. PLEASE REPAIR THANK YOU
PLEASE REPAIR A DEEP SUNKEN POTHOLE (RIGHT LANE) GOING NORTH ON COLLEGE AVE NEXT TO THE SHOPS. THIS POTHOLE IS DEEP AND NOT ACCEPTABLE.
WHEN IS COLLEGE AVE GOING TO BE REPAVED AGAIN DUE TO THE BOTCH JOB DONE? TURKO EVEN INVESTIGATED THIS. THE "TEMPORARY" FILL THAT THE UTILITY DID (AFTER THE REPAVEMENT PROJECT) IS SINKING IN. THANK YOU
COLLEGE AVE WAS JUST REPAVED. GOING NORTH, THERE ARE POTHOLES STARTING TO APPEAR. IT HASN'T EVEN BEEN 6- MONTHS PLEASE REPAIR THEM. THANK YOU
BAD POTHOLE IN WEST BOUND LANE CLOSE TO THE CENTER
Street on 3500-3700 block  Oleander, San Diego, Ca 92106 is in dire repair wh loose asphalt along  entire street.
potholes
Potholes.
Potholes.
pothole
Pothole in  intersection
Pothole SB Pomerado at Bernardo Heights in  intersection.
Pot hole is growing bigger as each day passes by.
Pot hole is growing bigger as each day passes by.
Pot hole is growing bigger as each day passes by.
Pothole just east   speed bump closest to  intersection  Capricorn Way and Westonhill Dr.PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD REPAVE THE ENTIRETY OF CAPRICORN WAY
Pothole is growing bigger as each day passes by.
POTHOLES
Variety potholes on  street start in front   home and continue  down  street until Kingsley Street intersects wh James Street.
Large pothole northbound Kendall St. at Garnet.    painted lim line, center   street
Pothole on westbound Scripps Poway Pkwy just east  Sunshine Peak Ct
Pothole on westbound Scripps Poway Pkwy just east  Village Ridge Rd intersection.
PER CALVIN LANGSTON REFER TO RUBEN PORTILLA TO TAKE 3 BAGS OF QPR TO FILL POTHOLE
entire street covered in potholes, have already lost two tires
Very deep pothole wh sharp edges- hard to avoid
There are at least 4 potholes that aren't always easy to drive around. Two  m are close to  corner  Meadowbrook and Brookhaven. If possible,  would be nice if all Meadowbrook could be repaved because  is a very busy and main Street that many people use. Most   damaged part  Meadowbrook are between Paradise Valley Rd and Skyline. Please repair m. I can feel  need for new tires every time I drive on that road.
Potholes
Potholes
Patched section feel like a pothole when driving thru . Please repatch.
Lots  large pot holes on westbound Navajo Rd between Park Ridge and College Ave.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE IN THE SOUTH BOUND LANE OF BERNARDO CENTER DRIVE UNDERNEATH I15.
Caved in water meter cover. If someone steps kn bell break a leg and Sue  cy for a million dollars
Pothole, east bound lanes
Capricorn Way between Westonhill Dr and Bootes St needs to be repaved.
No thanks to our Cy's crappy water pipe repair crews that fixed  pipe in  roadway but did a shty job at filling in  ground and capping  trough wh asphalt.There is a god-damn deep pothole that needs to get fixed in lane 2  3 lanes on Navajo Road at  address I entered.   My driver side front tire fell into  hole and banged my suspension. Get  fixed!  same time in  same trough, fix  horrible ridge bump in lane 3 (fast)  3 lanes that makes my SUV rock back and forth.  Fix  crappy road surface ASAP.For more information on  see Report #00309878 that has more info on  damaged road surface.FIX IT, NOW!
Four large pot holes
Intersection  Mt. King and Mt. Henry
Navajo rd between jackson and golfcrest      Bad construction repair  road  huge pothole in eastbound center lane   Damaging cars as y drive over 
Numerous potholes on eastbound side  Camino del Rio North between Mission Valley mall and Texas St.
Pothole in front  bus stop going east on Universy.
2 Huge Potholes next to each or going north on high bluff. Blew out my tire
Boulder lake, all  way from Navajo crossroad to Cowles mountain boulevard is throughly broken up and filled wh potholes. Has been for years. All roads surrounding have been fixed in  past years but  road has been avoided for some reason. 's so harsh to drive over 's like  Indiana Jones ride.
This keeps getting deeper and deeper wh  rains.

Several bad potholes on both sides  Navajo between College Ave and corner  Patrick Henry High School.
Horribly bumpy road and huge pot hole. East bound Navaho. ...by condos 7245 Navajo Road, San Diego, CA 92119
Very large pothole that I have h a couple times now and  shakes  entire car. I went through  about 10 minutes ago tonight (forgetting  was re) and now  appears I have a flat tire. I am unable to get a picture as  is on a busy street but if I have a flat tire, I would like  covered. This pothole can do some real damage
Navajo road is loaded wh potholes from college to golfcrest in both directions.
On Ollie Street and Venus Street , have been fiatured on  Turko files in December 2017 being  one   worst street in San Diego.  There are business and residential area. We need repair! http://www.kusi.com/turko-files-worst-street-town/
Large pothole from previous road work.
Large pothole from previous road work. There are two in  intersection.
The street needs to be repaved because  is a hazard and coming apart.
Pothole
Multiple potholes
Potholes
pothole
On Navajo Road, heading towards College Avenue, re are deep potholes on  left hand lane  Navajo Road (between College Avenue and Camino Estrellado). Cars have to swerve to avoid m or risk damage to ir car wheels. Also, re are potholes beginning to form on Navajo Road heading from College towards Park Ridge Blvd (ie, oppose direction)
Rosecrans eastbound at Midway, all three lanes have a large number  holes, grooves. Very dangerous for motorcycles.
Rosecrans westbound at Sports Arena Bl, large number  holes and uneven pavement.
Going north please fix all potholes. DEEP SINK IN on  far right lane in between Montezuma and freeway

Many potholes and very rough road all along W. Point Loma Blvd between Nimz and Sports Arena Blvd, especially east bound between Rue D'Orleans and Sports Arena. 's que dangerous.

200 block  euclid ave heading north, on  right hand side Huge pothole!! Next to drain cover has been reported a couple  times but nothing has been done , have to swerve to avoid 
N Torrey Pines Road along  UCSD campus is riddled wh potholes and would benef from resurfacing

This hill  bulging cracked concrete is rising and hting my undercarriage  my car as I pull in. I've had to replace my muffler already. And still taking on more damage to my cars.
Eastbound Navajo. Trench perpendicular to road is sinking and continues to worsen.
Large potholes by west curb on universy ave.
Pothole forming in middle  intersection on Nobel.
Potholes forming after intersection on westbound Nobel.
Pothole forming in middle  intersection  La Jolla Village Dr/Villa La Jolla Dr.
PLEASE REPAVE GOLD COAST DRIVE FROM CAMINO RUIZ TO BLACK MOUNTAIN. POTHOLD ON 8545 GOLD COAST DRIVE HAS BEEN THERE EVER SINCE MY FIRST REQUEST ON 12/7/2017.
POTHOLES
Large hole on westbound Bernardo Center Dr. just west  Hwy 15.
We have numerous potholes on  main street in front  our school.  The potholes cause drivers to avoid and swerve toward  pedestrian sidewalk, on coming traffic, and  bike lane.  Thank you,Jonathan SaipePrincipalHolmes Elementary.
Poorly patched hole has asphalt sticking up and  is not smooth.
6 large potholes on 'A' St.between 26th St & 27th st in Golden Hill
Pot hole #2 S/B lane 50ft norht  address  8x10 pot hole 6 to 7 inch deep and sinking.
Pot hole
The whole intersection  Plum and Lowell needs to be resurfaced.
2 pot holes, getting larger every day as virtually all cars making  turn  onto Cardinal Dr. h m.
Pothole
Large amount  torn up asphalt near guttet
Pothole
 least 4 large potholes middle  intersection Rosecrans at Sports Arena
Street was just resurfaced and now re are potholes. Lack  slurry seal caused ? Please repair thank you
Pothole
Pothole
Two pot holes.
Potholes in  block   street
Big pothole that is damaging car wheels
20+ potholes in each direction
Pothole
Pothole is in center lane heading east from Jackson towards Golfcrest. Almost to Golfcrest.
Alley way:  pot hill has developed in  alley way in front  my garage. 's getting bigger and bigger. Bottom  my car scraps passing over . I've had to replace a muffler already. Please fix ASAP
Greg Gerhant's test - please DO NOT PROCESS
Bad, dangerous (to pedestrians & cars) water filled pothole in brand new asphalt.  Cross gutter needed because  reoccurs.  Slope is wrong.  Reported a month ago wh no action.  Fix  pothole first, n install  cross gutter, please.
Big ol hole center lane
TEST - PLEASE DO NOT PROCESSGREG GERHANT
Giant pothole on Milton and Hartford is super dangerous!! 's very deep and can really do damage to a car, motorcycle or bike!
you have a pot hole 3 ft long 2 ft wide 3 ft deep in front  my fice  is full  water

Two separate potholes on number one lane, west bound Balboa Avenue.  Close to Clairemont Drive cross street. One is located close to  left turn lane and  or one is just east  , less than 200 hundred feet apart.
POTHOLES  NORTH SIDE OF I-8 OVERPASS (BOTH DIRECTIONS) T  3RD  REQ
Two large deep potholes on EB Washington under  5 overpass.  More than 40 reports  se potholes in  last 6 months.
Pot holes right on  edge closest to Thalia St
deep potholes  in  2600 blk  Denver f Clairemont Dr
Deep pothole on middle  4200 block  Ingulf St.
Please do not close out  report because  location is not  responsibily  CalTrans. I?ve filed several previous reports wh  Cy and y keep getting closed out, probably because your system shows  area as CalTrans. But I verified wh CalTrans that y only go to 1210 Sea World Drive, not to  location on Tecolote Road at Morena Blvd.This spot has about 5 potholes in an area  rough pavement. Please repair  instead  closing out my report again. No work has been done yet. Thanks.
Several potholes on Paseo Del Verano Norte both ways between Camino Emparrado and Avenida Cordillera
Deep pothole
Manhole is sunk down about a foot. Giant pothole.
Pothole

N/B POTHOLE
2 Deep Potholes, Difficult for pedestrians,strollers/wheelchairs and cars turning right
Pothole
Pothole needs better fix.
Giant pot hole on Rosecrans heading southwest just past Sports Arena in lane 3.
pothole is getting bigger. There are two now
Is popples
Deep weird pothole far right
Terrible dangerous potholes around blind corner
Pothole
Numerous potholes
Hole in intersection
Road at  intersection wh Ingulf St. needs many potholes filled and repaired.
Large pot hole on Milton
One large pothole, wh a great deal  surrounding area beginning to crumble.
Sinkhole forming after construction work
5" deep pothole. So deep you can see layers  street!
Numerous deep and large potholes here.  25 previous requests at  location.
Massive pothole right before freeway on ramp in left lane.
Crater sized potholes. Dangerous.
Pothole Frobisher st at Marauder way
Pothole Frobisher st at Marauder way
Pothole Frobisher st at Marauder way
Large pot hole in  right lane, can cause serious damage
Ebers St in Ocean Beach needs urgent repair,  street is full  cracks and uneven surfacing. Needs lane and pedestrian markings at stop signs
~1ft pothole in middle  EB lanes at intersection wh cul-de-sac
Alley South  Thomas
Alley South  Thomas
Alley South  Thomas
Alley between Thomas and Reed, West  Cass
Alley full  potholes behind address
Pothole in Pedestrian Path
Street is in terrible shape, primarily from I-15 to santo road. Years-old problems combined wh recent attempts to patch  street make  miserable to drive on, I know people who ex at less-convenient tierrasanta blvd just so y can avoid  section. Please priorize repaving  entire street here,  is long overdue for being a heavily used roadway and one  only three roads into our communy. Thank you
Pothole
Bad Pothole blew my tire
This manhole wh a deep lip around located in  center   bike lane   caused two cyclists to crash today.  needs attention. ?s right at 2111 Camino del Rio S.

Pothole on southbound side  Rosecrans at Sports arena.
Pothole due to water damage. IHOP
Potholes all along Capricorn especially between westonhill and Camino Ruiz.
Very deep pothole on a hill in  concrete.  People are putting a cone in  hole to alert drivers.  Just west   intersection  Milton and Illion on Milton Street in  middle   street
Pothole on Spica Drive
Large hole in street at Jewel and Grand by cross walk. Major trip and fall hazard.
6"deep pot hole!
MCTC truck causing multiple potholes.

Damaged and collapsing asphalt
Badly damaged asphalt
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes
Badly damaged  asphalt and deep potholes.  More than 500 complaints at  location in  past 10 years.  Why are repairs not being made?
Pothole


17th report at  location

Numerous 1 large is collapsing,deep rut

Damaged asphalt and sidewalk
Deep potholes on  street
Several potholes wh cable exposed at  traffic light southbound lane
1 large pothole and several small potholes


Large pothole at midway and wing sr
Prior construction left unfinished gaping hole across entire street. Cars are bottoming out and causing tire damage.  Needs high priory repairs
4-5 potholes
One small pothole in front  2501 and anor larger one at  intersection wh Randall Street.  Both are in  east bound lane.

Huge pothole in middle  street!
Multiple large, deep potholes spanning both lanes   northbound side  Mission Gorge Road.
South bound lanes just north  f ramp to Balboa Ave west bound needs filling. Thanks  2nd request !!
Potholes
Pothole
Large pothole at intersection  70th/ Saranac St.  East  70th
about an 6 inch deep by 1 foot diameter pothole in  middle   road, very disruptive

From: Rob M <hirailman@hotmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 20, 2018 10:28 AMTo: TSW Street Service <Street_Service@sandiego.gov>Subject: Pothole reportThere is a pothole in dire need  fixing on west bound Bernardo Center Drive just as you are starting under  I-15 overpass.
Work Order #: 57716 ? Kensington Park Villas HOA ? 4460 Camino Ocio
From: Jeff Jacobs <jjacobs@curtismanagement.com> Sent: Monday, March 19, 2018 2:58 PMTo: TSW Street Service <Street_Service@sandiego.gov>Cc: trozycki@curtismanagement.comSubject: Work Order #: 57715 ? Kensington Park Villas HOA ? 4380 Camino Pintoresco
From: Jeff Jacobs <jjacobs@curtismanagement.com> Sent: Monday, March 19, 2018 2:50 PMTo: TSW Street Service <Street_Service@sandiego.gov>Cc: trozycki@curtismanagement.comSubject: Work Order #: 57710 ? Kensington Park Villas HOA ? 5220 Camino Solario
Large pothole south bound Rosecrans St., right before Midway Dr. in right lane.  So bad  damaged my rim and popped my tire. :(
Pothole about 16" in dia. and 3" deep just to  east   deviding line.
3050 Chollas Rd. Pothole.
Drive over  eastbound lanes, you'll see and feel m
Westbound lanes  San Ysidro Blvd between Olive Drive and  library. Guys, get wh . This is  third time I subm  and you close whout doing anything. Unless repaving   street is imminent, DO SOMETHING
There is a pothole in  inner lane (closest to  median) in  eastbound direction. 's easy to h  when you're turning left onto Jackson Drive from Cowles Mountain Blvd.
Potholes everywhere. We noticed that  streets around us have been resurfaced. Will Acheson soon be as well?
There are many potholes and cracks on Cowles Mountain Blvd between Navajo Rd and Jackson Drive.  is impossible to avoid m going eir north or south down  stretch  road.  has been in  state  disrepair lerally for years and is getting worse and worse. Please fix !
3 potholes in  street between 7607 Westbrook Ave and 7645 Westbrook Ave heading toward Manzana Way. 1 area where  pavement is eroding around a utily access cover on Manzana Way at  intersection  Manzana Way and Westbrook Ave 92139.
Big potholes all across  street
Multiple potholes on Genesee between Richland and Linda Vista Rd.
Too many potholes and sunken areas in  intersection to count.
Deep pothole at  base   cul de sac which causes great harm to cars if y h .
Right lane has deep pothole
Heading west on universy
potholes all along gold coast drive from san ramon to black mountain road. if possible, please repave;  has not been done since 1988
Large Pot Hole at 4440 El Cajon Blvd.
Grand Ave at Fanuel #2 lane heading east on Grand just east  Fanuel.   Pothole.
Very deep, damaging, pothole in  seam  concrete drainage gutter and a black top. The pothole is on westbound traffic and hidden due to elevation difference on blacktop and concrete drainage gutter. Get  fixed already!
There is a growing set  potholes wh chunks  asphalt falling out into  street
large pothole in lanes  Bernardo Center Drive eastbound and westbound at  ex ramp  route 15 northbound and at  entrance ramp to route 15 northbound (just near  route 15 overpass) on Bernardo Center Drive
several potholes and rough road surface on northbound and southbound lanes  Carmel Mountain Road between Camino Del Norte and Highland Ranch Road
Potholes on left lane  westbound Balboa Ave. just before left turn lanes at  intersection  Genesee Ave.
Two potholes along  souast bound lane  Morena Blvd before and after  bridge.
Large deep pothole across 2 lanes.  A former trench has sunk creating  hazaard
 SB on Rosecrans St. onto Hancock Street West, is dangerous cracking/potholing in street near NW curb.  Deep, crumbling gouges in street can easily engage motorcycle tires causing a fall.
Huge and dangerous hole in middle lane on a 50 mph street. I might have damaged my car. Fix  immediately or put up warnings.
There are severe cracks in  road in that intersection specifically in  crosswalks that  elementary school students use every morning.
Large pothole
MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON COLLEGE AV IN BOTH DIRECTIONS AND IN ALL LANES
There are several large potholes in both lanes   4128 Pacific Hwy Overpass.  They've been patched up but  rains and constant travel have removed  patching.  I and several ors drive  everyday, 's very dangerous and can't be avoided.  We're requesting more than just patching.  Please and thank you!
Clairmint drive so many pot holes 's horrible especially at night you don't see m going from Balboa cross street down to  bay many pot holes- I lay enough taxes to cover se- same wh Linda Vista Road - 's causing me to keep buying no tires
Large deep pothole in intersection  mira Mesa blvd & Camino Ruiz. People swerving everywhere to avoid. 's a when not if re will be in accident.
3 decent sized pot holes going west on Gold Coast.
3 decent size potholes going west on Gold Coast.
3 decent size potholes going west on Gold Coast.
Pothole that keeps getting bigger wh each rain that we have. There are a few in  stretch  jade coast.
Multiple potholes on jade coast that get bigger wh each rain that we have.
Multiple potholes on jade coast that get bigger wh each rain that we have.
Pothole a  intersection  Laurel and North Harbor Dr.
AC bump, uneven pavement creating hazardous driving condions.
Section ltered wh potholes on  right 2 lanes for  next 500 yards.
Kelly St. has an uneven surface where only one layer  pavement was placed, making  uneven wh  or.
Pothole on  right turn lane turning from Evening Creek Dr. S to Sabre Springs Parkway. (On  neighborhood side, not  park side.)  Google maps coordinates: 32.952857, -117.097502.
Multiple potholes on Poway Rd. heading towards  15 freeway from Sabre Springs Parkway.  Most  m are in  middle lane.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE WEST OF THE INTERSECTION THAT ENCROACHES IN BOTH THE EAST AND WEST LANE.
Multiple potholes on Poway Road going from 15 freeway towards Sabre Springs Parkway.  One   potholes is on Poway Road after Sabre Springs Parkway in  right lane.
Pothole on N Torrey Pines Road at  intersection  N Torrey Pines Road and La Jolla Shores Drive.
Pothole on Carmel Mountain Drive heading east right after  Paseo Cardiel intersection in  left lane.
Many potholes at Rosecrans and Sports Areana  at intersection.
Bad repair job
 pothole is damage my car and .....know how I can  report a damage claim my car is a low for that my car damage let me you me reach me @ 858 205-5239 or imshah@earthlink.net
Huge pothole on  middle Lane  Navajo Rd. Eastbound before Goldcrest Drive near or in front  apartment complex.
many potholes; rough road for 100 yards.


This is just getting worse. Please smooth and repair. I have complained about  before and would greatly appreciate  if you can repair  highly traveled road!
The manhole cover is protruding 1+ inches from  surface  Haaland Glen.  This is causing cars to go around to  oppose side   road to avoid  massive bump in  road in order to prevent car misalignment and break vehicle struts/axels.  Please fix  before vehicle damage or head-on collisions occur.   is a busy road used by everyone exing  West end  Del Sur out   neighborhood.

One large pothole and anor smaller pothole close by in front  7316 Margerum Ave.
The entire section  road in Gold Coast Dr East  Camino Ruiz and west  Black Mountain Road is in patic condion. The or day a bicyclist fell down trying to avoid  holes. The road is heavily used and has not been taken care  in years. Pls make  roads safer wh new tarmac for  2 miles.
Large pothole in  westbound lane just as you go over  hill.  appears that a previous repair was attempted, but that repair is sinking into  ground creating a larger pot hole
Large pothole in need  repair.  The pothole is located in front  12478 Grandee Rd.
About half way between Vons turn in and Antigua in  left hand West bound lane. Ors are starting to grow along re.
Large pothole on #2 lane (intersection). Please fix
In front  auto auctions
POTHOLE IN STREET - CAUSING DAMAGE
Really bad patch/repairCausing damage to vehicles and ir tires
Pothole in need  repair.
"Huge" pothole in #2 lane, westbound Carmel Mountain Rd.
From: John Marnin [mailto:johnmarnin88@gmail.com] Sent: Monday, March 26, 2018 9:28 AMTo: TSW Street Service <Street_Service@sandiego.gov>Subject: Street repairI would like to report numerous potholes on Poway road in both directions from I-15 to cy lims  Poway.  I travel  road daily and have watched  road condions significantly deteriorate in  last six months.  When is  road going to be resurfaced?ThanksJohn Marnin
Deep pothole in right lane, Bernardo Center Drive, South-Westbound.  Located near  onramp to I-15
LARGE POTHOLE
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes all along  street along wh Street repair holes.
large hole out  driveway
large section  holes by trolley/bus stop
Fairmount under 8W, under bridge
SB Fairmount before Montezuma bridge
hole in middle  intersection
Pothole/Crack- damaging cars tremendously. Please rectify and fix.
Potholes and large ruts on our street, Sherbrooke St.. The cross street Westbrook has m, also  intersection  Alta View and Montcliff.
Pothole in  right lane; just before  turn to Lebon
Pot hole is in front  879 Madera St
Pothole in crosswalk
Multiple potholes up and down both sides Carmel mountain road between  15 freeway and Camino del norte. Please fix as y pose a risk to every car that drives down  road.
By tracks
Two large
P/H SB CAUSED RIM DAMAGE IN RIGHT LANE
The whole street  Cardinal Dr needs to be done not just potholes. ?s patic how y patch  holes. Our whole cy  San Diego needs streeodone. Does  Mayor drive  cy streets?
Previous repair has fallen apart. One   many large cracks across  westbound lanes is open again, very jarring. Just west  Antigua blvd
Pothole
Deep potholes on both lanes going south on College Ave. These have been previously filled and continue to prop open. Can you please do flat seal?
Can you please fix all  bumps and sinks on  street? There's one large bump in  middle   street and a few sections that sunked in
MULTIPLE REQUESTS HAVE BEEN MADE NEVER FIXED. FAR RIGHT LANE GOING SOUTH THERE IS A DEEP SINK IN. CAN YOU PLEASE FIX?
Multiple deep potholes  whin 10 yards  each or
Potholes.  Eastbound lanes  Logan Ave:  just west  intersection wh 47th and also near crosswalk on  east side   intersection.
potholes in  middle northbound lane
There are plates on  pavement due to  construction. When will  be fixed?  is very loud when cars pass over.
There is one deep pothole several hundred feet south  Enterprise Street and a few smaller ones to  north  that one.  All  m in  northbound right lane  Pacific Highway
There are two potholes in  west bound left land  Balboa Avenue just as  becomes a left turn pocket to Genesee Av.
Dangerous pothole, caused a bike accident that required a trip to  ER
pot hole
pothole
You need to get on  street and replace  whole thing!!!!!!!!!!
Many Large Potholes all up and down Marathon Dr.
Pothole
Pothole starting to form
Pothole in intersection in left EB lane
Carroll rd from Miramar to Carroll Way - both directions- horrible potholes!
dangerous pothole at  intersection  Paseo Del Verano Norte and Avenida Cordillera at  entrance to  Oaks North Villas.  is approximately 30?? x 12? and about 3? deep. The pothole appeared about 2 weeks ago and continues to get larger and deeper. The intersection is at  end  a wide curve
Several potholes on Navajo as you approach Waring
Numerous potholes along Navajo between Parkridge and Margerum
POTHOLE 100 FT EAST OF 54TH ST (E/B )
Potholes
Numerous large and deep potholes in  intersection.  All directions
Badly damaged asphalt wh large and deep potholes.   All direction.  20 year problem
There are two potholes in  intersection which need to be repaired.  Please fix our streets.
re is a huge pothole in  eastbound lane  La Jolla Village Drive causing cars to swerve.  Please fix our streets.
Their are many pot holes in  intersection  La Jolla Village Drive and Villa La Jolla Drive.  Potholes are in all sections   intersection and need to be addressed.  Cars swerve to miss se potholes.  The intersection needs to be rebuilt.   is a disaster.
There are so many pot holes in  westbound lanes  La Jolla Village drive between Via La Jolla Drive and Torrey Pines road  street is a slalom course.  Please have someone come and repair all  potholes.  Must be in excess  10 or 12.Please repair our streets.
There are so many potholes along La Jolla Parkway west   I-5 as you leave and enter La Jolla  street is falling apart and dangerous to drivers as everyone tries to avoid ruining ir car as y drive.   is particularly bad in  eastbound directionThis road needs to be replaced.  What is  Cy's plan for .  This is a major artery into and out  La Jolla.  How can  Cy leave  major street in  condion?   is ridiculous.  Please fix our streets.
There are many potholes which need replacing on La Jolla Blvd. south from Pearl Street.  I would estimate re are more than two dozen bad potholes which need to be fixed.  Please fix our streets  is unbearable.
There is a pothole on Ensign St north  Conrad
3 - 5 inch deep pothole



Potholes in both directions in  4100 block  Kearny Mesa Rd.
Pothole in  southbound #2 lane between 4200 and 4234 Kearny Mesa Rd.
Pothole on  west side   intersection  Onalaska Ave and Murray Ridge Rd.
Multiple potholes are present at  marker address, y have worsened since  last rain from a few weeks ago
Giant pothole created by construction workers that is destructive to cars. I along wh ors drive over  as  is in  center   road and swerving is Not an option.
Two big potholes in  middle   road on Convoy Court.
Four or five giant potholes in  middle   intersection  Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Shawline St. Please for  love  god repave Clairemont Mesa Blvd already. 's long overdue for repaving.
Four or five big potholes in  middle  Capricorn Way. Please repave Capricorn Way already. There are ten different layers  pothole fixes, and y are all terrible.
Pot holes
Multiple potholes
Pothole lane 1
Pot hole
Large pothole in front  7-11
Large pot at  intersection
The bike lanes in both directions on Carmel Mountain Road between about Freeport Road to Penasquoes Drive have potholes so bad that 's impossible to ride in whout a risk  possible serious injuries. There have been times where I've h a pothole or ridge that caused me to swerve into  road where vehicles travel. This now forces cyclists to ride outside those bike lanes and cars wh no regards continues to buzz by you at high speeds. This poses a serious safety issue so please address as soon as possible. Thank you.
Potholes in alley behind address. Marissa 858-274-9980
pothole that is disrupting vehicular traffic and causing damage to cars.
Big hole in  sidewalk that poses a significant risk on  heavily used pedestrian route. Huge liabily for  Cy  San Diego.

There are major potholes in  left hand lane heading east at Friars Road and Frazee. For that matter, re are major potholes going west in  same area.
There is a HUGE pothole on Friars Road right at  intersection  River Run Drive heading westbound in  middle lane.
POTHOLES FOR 5 MINES PER CALLER BOTH DIRECTIONS BEFORE POWAY
There are four streets in our development: Grandee Rd. Grandee Pl., Caleta Way and Conquistador Way. All have substantial potholes that warrant attention. Although re is one in front  my house, I am requesting for  communy on se four streets.
On  East side   2910 Ivy Street just past  garage, The Cement is buckled up and has become a jagged bump wh potholes beside . I saw a ltle boy on a bike h  cement buckle and fall f his bike last weekend.  I have wnessed or people trip and stumble over that very same defect in  concrete .I didn?t mention that  pothole is actually in  alleyway beside 2910 Ivy Street San Diego CA 92104 .
Going north on College Ave a pothole previously filled is deep open again. Please repair . Not properly filled previously
Pothole
POTHOLE DAMAGE TO WHEEL; W/B UNDER 15 BRIDGE.
Two long trails  potholes on Morena heading south from Buenos.  Please repair all.  Several large on Morena potholes approaching Buenos.  Please smooth after filled.  These "repairs" ten leave addional lumps  pavement overflowing from  fills.  Thanks.
3 potholes in that section.
Potholes.
Manhole in  bike lane going southbound is deep, difficult to see, and could cause a severe crash to a cyclist using  bike lane. This was reported back in 2016.
Bike lanes have longudinal cracking wide enough to make  lane not usable. Tires get caught in se gaps. The Southbound direction is  worst.
Several potholes on W Washington Street
Med pothole in  inside lane heading eastbound in  area.  Thank you, David
Large pothole in  intersection  southbound Rosecrans St and Sports Arena Blvd.  Thank you, David
Med pothole in  area.  Thank you, David
Large depression in street. Water/sewer main cap loose from being ran over. Could be unsafe for motorcycles/bicycles.
Tons  potholes on grand heading away from Pacific beach towards Mission bay drive and  5 north freeway... insane how many potholes are on  major thoroughfare
There is a pothole about 2 ft x 1 ft and about 3-4 inches deep in  wb outside lane, at  freeway ramp entrance.  Vehicles turning left to  freeway ramp in  inside lane h  hard if  is dark and you can't see  in  road.  Please repair  soon.
3 pot holes on Ted Williams (again & again, very recurring pot holes) need to be filled up today!  They are getting bigger & larger each day & will break  rims  tires by tomorrow!  This section  Ted Williams needs to be totally repaved!!Ted Williams heading north just before Shoal Creek Dr.Thanks!!
pothole heading west
Large/long pothole on  side   road where  meets  driveway  4783 Hawley Blvd. Hazardous for backing out - my wheels (and ors in  building) get stuck in  pothole and require giving gas to get back out   and into  street.
Pothole in  intersection
Pot hole on  left turn lane on College Ave when coming from  freeway.
Large lump  asphalt in middle Lane, east bound, on east side  Harbor Drive bridge. Lump should be leveled to prevent vehicle damage and startling unfamiliar drivers.
LARGE POTHOLE
The recent repair   potholes on Navajo Rd were poorly done. They were eir over filled or under filled. They need to be redone. CM Sherman's fice has received at least 6 complaints over  last week and a half. Please repair.
Resur resurfacing and multiple potholes and unlevel Street and fading line
POTHOLE
A construction crew dug up  road and did not compact  area properly, a hole about 1' deep and several feet wide is devloping
NUMEROUS/LARGE POTHOLES ALONG KETTNER BLVD BETWEEN LAUREL & WASHINGTON
6 X 4 FOOT POTHOLE
sharp edged hole before Weinsnzel
sharp edged hole outside driveway
potholes in east-west crosswalk, tripping hazard
SB, before  bridge
SB, after  bridge
.   If you drive on Navajo Rd between Waring and Patrick Henry High School you'll see where some   potholes were filled-in but many all around were not!  Some   remaining ones are 6-12 inches wide.  Not good on  tires.
POTHOLE

POTHOLE

The Dairy Mart Rd Bridge over  Freeway 5 needs to be repaved and smood out.  has been ignored for years, and is wearing out my suspension on my car. Please get  repaved for us.
Large deep potholes on EB Washington under  HWY 5 overpass.
Numerous large deep potholes at  location and  entire surrounding 1 mile.
Numerous large potholes in eastbound lanes  Camino Del Rio N, just before (west ) Qualcomm Way
POTHOLE
Small pothole before  light
Numerous potholes on Pomerado from Scripps Ranch Blvd to Chadbad Rd. I believe  would be on  South side   street.
There is a giant pothole in  left lane on La Jolla Parkway way far before  freeway spls. I have been reporting  for months and  is still not resolved
MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON STREET
dont just close request whout actually fixing . pothole
POTHOLE
Pothole on  street
POTHOLE ON PARADISE VALLEY RD, FRONT OF TWO STORY MC DONALDS, CLAIMS DAMAGED TIRE!
Potholes, cracked street on all  Omeara street and Dykes St. Which is a cross street
Pothole Black mountain road at pimpernel. Manhole is sunk down about 15 inches.
Large deep potholes.


100 yard section has pothole in  middle and right lanes.


Potholes.
Multiple small and large potholes.
pot holes on groveland dr between 53rd st. and 54th st
Pothole in right lane on Rancho Carmel Drive just before intersection wh Avenue  Science when heading towards I-15.
P/H IN MID RD/BY CHEVERON STA LANE APPROACHING RANCHO BERNARDO RD
Pothole on Maple, just east   intersection wh Boundary st
Dangerous potholes have resurfaced to and from  Wild Animal Park and we confirmed wh  county that  is  Cy  San Diego's property.  Can you please assist wh ?  This is a very dangerous two lane highway.Thank you
Severe, damaging pothole eastbound Navajo Rd., just West  Golfcrest Drive crossing. Map address is approximate. Actually, Navajo Road westbound is riddled wh countless potholes between Waring Road and Golfcrest Drive.  is difficult to dodge m while driving.

Whole road is ltered wh potholes. Please repave  whole street.
Potholes uneven gravel.
potholes, crack pavement
pothole right lane, n re is a long crack between that hole and Hicock St
Pothole located on El Cajon Blvd westbound right hand lane, just prior to (East ) I15 onramp.
3 huge potholes in  southbound lane. Holes are almost a foot wide and 1.5' wide in radius.
Long time ago y did some digging here ad whatever "mud" y used to fill  is sinking more and more every day
Same here than  previous one
pothole
2 big holes whin 100 yds  lighted intersection for 3 weeks now
Pothole as your turning right onto Carmel Mtn rd.
Multiple potholes on Wing  Street, starting at Midway Drive and continuing to Kenyon Street.
Big pothole. Been re for months. Norast corner  morena blvd and gender street
These is a pothole in  street
Pot hole as you enter  campus .
Pothole on  intersection    Wing St and Midway, several ors throughout  entire street.  The one on intersection was so deep  blew out my tire.
Asphalt cracking between 12453 and 12463 Mantilla Rd., SD, CA 92128
2 gigantic potholes  in center and right westbound  lanes growing bigger everyday even when you say y are in  process  getting fixed.
LARGE POTHOLE NEAR THE I-15 NORTHBOUND ON-RAMP FROM BERNARDO CENTER DRIVE
 road is full  pot holes that are getting bigger and bigger.  The damage is taking over  entire road.  Rancho Carmel Drive from Carmel Mountain to  56 highway
Cracking and potholes along  edge   road between  gutter and street that is deteriorating. Location: 12476 Mantilla Rd., SD, CA 92128
From  intersection  Carmel Mountain Rd and Rancho Carmel Dr. to Ted Williams Pkwy and Rancho Carmel Dr. re are several pot holes along wh several cracks running along  road. The road qualy is very poor and bumpy. The road is bad traveling north and south.
Multiple deep potholes and large rubble in road
Large dangerous pot hole. There are many along  street.
Massive amount  deep potholes
Dangerous pot holes along  whole street.
Multiple extremely large pot holes on Kenyon and Wing Street. One specifically at  end  Kenyon just before making a right turn onto Midway Drive that is very dangerous.
Pot hole camino del este & Camino  del North
massive pothole dangerous!
Massive pothole - dangerous!!
Reoccurring pothole on loring st near randall st. This road consistently is making new potholes. Not sure why.
Large pothole in  intersection  Cam Ruiz and Mira Mesa
Big path holed
Big path holed
Large pothole by Firestone on park blvd. Just north  C st.
POTHOLE CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE IN FRONT OF GAS STATION ON RANCHO BERNARDO RD. W/B; HAPPENED ON SAT.
LARGE , DEEP POTHOLE, CAUSED DAMAGE TO TIRE & RIM
very deep pot hole at Wing Street and Midway Drive. 's located at just before turning right onto midway from wing street.
Large piece  road missing. All  Wing street is in terrible condion
Chunk  road lifted and now a large pot hole before  stop sign.
Parts  road missing just before dip in  road. Hard to drive over
  corner  Thomas Av and Jewell st. in Pacific beach. Both streets have been paved over  last couple  years. However all four corners where  disabled access is have not been paved. This was reported to  engineering contract department wh no result. This is dangerous for disabled persons trying to cross  street. Thank you
Several potholes when turning right onto Aero from Sandrock and one large pothole on Aero when turning left from Sandrock onto Aero
Sinkhole at Abernathy Way and Mount Abernathy Avenue.
LARGE SINKHOLE FORMING
There's a big pothole on La Jolla Village Drive, on  Eastbound lane closest to  parking lane, right before you turn right into  Hyatt.  People are swerving to avoid  so 's dangerous.
REALLY BAD POTHOLE ON THE ENTIRE BLOCK
Pothole






Big rocks coming loose
LARGE POTHOLE (WATER UNIT ALONSO 3025) PUT  COLD MIX FOR NOW
Multiple potholes between Monroe and Meade on 44th street
Pothole
Large pothole, more than 50 requests at  location.
Asphalt mounded up 4" southbound Fern at Ash. Hard to see in photo, and in real life until you ride over m.
Large  section  potholes under  94 in  southbound lanes
Huge pothole
Foot wide, few inches deep, foot in length
Major potholes
JUST SOUTH OF INTERSECTION. TRAVELING IN NORTH DIRECTION
MULTIPLE POTHOLES WEST OF INTERSECTION
Extremely big pothole in left turn lane to Sampson street heading west. Please fix. Thank you.
Crack and large asphalt bump in road.... hard to cross wh wheelchair or walker
Pot hole
intersection on Kearny villa rd and shelia drwy san diego (parking structure  Mira Bellla apartments
Intersection  Palm ave & Beyer way. Pothole near  side  Beyer way.
The couple  blocks near  intersection  Coleshill and HIghwood Drive in  San Carlos area needs some immediate attention. This street has been patched so many times but full  ruts and holes. Gage elementary school is right re and since my son started kindergarten  has been tough using  stroller to push my daughter across  street in  morning and afternoon. Several times  wheels have gotten jerked causing  stroller to jerk or stop suddenly. This is not safe for our kids or our families. This needs to be addressed asap.
2 dozen potholes down  westbound center Lane just past  intersection.
gjdwhdkj
Large pothole in left forward lane  Balboa east just as you start going over  163.
W/B MIRA MESA BL JUST BEFORE CAM RUIZ, 1 FT DEEP X 2FEET LONG X 18" WIDE POTHOLE, DAMAGED SEVER VEHS TIRES
Deep
This portion  Aquarius beween Bootes and Westonhill has multiple potholes and is very rough.   was not resurfaced in  last resurfacing   neighborhood.

Poway Road west from  Poway Sign to  I-15 freeway is completely ltered wh hundreds  deep potholes and ruts that get worse every week. I am a Poway resident that travels 6 miles down Poway Road to and from work Monday through Friday -- a total  60 miles a week.  has caused one flat tire and alignment damage to my vehicle. Please repair ASAP!!!Councilmember Mark Kersey is responsible for  area, and 's laughable that his mission statement on  San Diego.gov webse is :"Mark believes maintaining and improving  Cy's roads, sidewalks, parks and fire stations is  most pressing issue facing San Diego"https://www.sandiego.gov/cycouncil/cd5/aboutmark
Multiple potholes seen on Capricorn Way between Beaton Court and Westonhill DriveBusy road so unable to stop to get photo
Multiple pothole seen on Capricorn Way between Beaton Court and Westonhill Drive.Unable to obtain photos on busy street
Multiple pothole seen on Vista Hill Avenue between Health center Drive and Meadowlark Drive.Unable to obtain photos on busy street
Pot hole created by not raising manhole cover when new paving was done last year
This hole is in  east bound right lane, about 300 feet before  place where  right lane divides and makes a right turn lane.
Badly damaged asphalt and concrete in  center and all 4 corners   intersection.
LARGE POTHOLE IN THE MIDDLE LANE AT INTERSECTION RIGHT BEFORE THE CORNER  .POPPED CUSTOMERS TIRESNO CONTACT INFO GIVEN
Approx 18 in diameter, 6 - 8 inch deep, near center  Bernardo Center Dr W boundnearly underneath east edge  I-15 bridge

Oversized pot hole in front  our drive way
Pothole adjacent to east  raised median nose needs re-patching.  Jackson Dr. at Cowles Mountain Blvd.
Numerous potholes and wide fissures need patching on Lake Adlon Dr. between Lake Dora Ave. and Boulder Lake Ave.
Large pot hole coming out   MCRD base onto pacific Hwy.
Potholes
Pot by sidewalk entrance to Denny's
GOING SOUTH ON FAIRMOUNT AVE, PLEASE FIX ALL THE POTHOLES BETWEEN CAMINO DEL RIO N AND THE FREEWAY EXITS. THIS HAS BEEN REPORTED OVER AND OVER AND NOTHING GETS REPAIRED. GET IT DONE RIGHT?
So when is  southbound lanes going to be fixed from Cresa Dr up to Arosa St? Wasn't  on Turko and he was told that  "underground utily" that had to re-dig  recently smooth pavement was responsible and liable for repaving? Their patch / filling is getting worse and worse and  street was just repaved 2 months ago.
Large Potholes at  intersection.
Potholes in  right lanes for a 50 yard section.
This entire stretch  road between Poway and  15 freeway is in shambles and has been like  for many years!

Minor is potholes in  intersection.  Reported numerous times over  last year.
MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON PASEO CARDIEL; CAUSING MISALIGNMENT ISSUES
Large pothole on street in front  7595 Jenne Drive.    There are also minor cracks on  street.
Please fix pothole. 's bad, real bad!
Northbound Pacific Hwy at Juniper re is a repair that was done after some utily installation that will cause you to need a seat belt. This has been a major street problem for a least 2 months.
On park picnic tables
The far right lane needs to be paved all  way to Rosecrans Street
Potholes on right 2 lanes
potholes
Lots  potholes in  stretch.
Potholes on  right 2 lanes 50- 100 yards before  intersection.
Deep & wide pothole has reopened on  south side  eastbound La Jolla Village Drive just west   north driveway into  Hyatt Regency at Aventine.
Very very large pot hole in  middle lane east bound. Damage done to many cars being reported on Next Door App. I've seen  hole.  needs to be repaired immediately after
Nuermous large potholes.  More than a year  reports.
A Few potholes along Midvale Drive. Street is cracking and breaking into chunks. As  breaks, pieces are flying up and could damage or vehicles or pedestrians.
Pothole on corner.
pothole on  Northbound lane
Multiple potholes on eastbound Camino Del Rio West.
Numerous potholes on  right side   street heading NW. Near  red door on  right side   street near  next door neighbors driveway.
Big pothole in  bike lane
Several potholes on High Bluff Dr in both directions, between Del Mar Heights Rd and El Camino Real.
There are terrible deep grooves and potholes covering  middle third   street that effects driver side tires as opposing cars drive past each or.  More and more swerving to miss  elongated potholes and deep grooves is causing cars to repeatedly cross over into  opposing lane, causing near impact misses.BOBHIRD DRIVE BETWEEN JACKIE AND MULVANEY DRIVES NEEDS TO GET FIXED NOW.  STOP THE DELAY IN ITS REPAIR - HIGHLY TRAFFICED STREET!
Large pothole sub southwest side   street.
Large pothole east bound  Collier Ave.
This street has some   worst elongated potholes wh grooves and bumpy ridges in  street that makes drivers have to slow down and crawl over  damaged street surface or risk damaging ir wheels and tires.This street borders Gage Elementary and your department has chosen not to repair  FOURTH STREET SIDE.  You have repaired and resurfaced Bisby Lake before s intersection wh Highwood Drive, have repaired Hudson Dr., and have repaired Regner Rd.  WHY HAVE YOU NOT REPAIRED THIS STREET BORDERING THIS SCHOOL???PLEASE RESURFACE HIGHWOOD DRIVE BECAUSE THE DAMAGE EXTENDS FOR MOST OF THIS STREET FROM BISBY LAKE TO REGNER RD.
Huge sidewalk pot hole!
A dozen potholes down  eastbound center Lane before  intersection
In intersection wh La Jolla Scenic

This pothole is so big that my entire wheel was inside. 's full  water and against  curb. This makes  hard to see until you are already all in.
The sewer manholes on 27th Street create a  road hazard.  These manholes are located in  middle  27th Street parallel to se addresses:1209, 1319,1323 south   Trolley tracks and north  Grove Ave.These sewer covers are countersunk too deeply or are too raised above  roadway. Cars have to swerve to avoid se sewer cover settings.
Pothole
NB near yellow line










Lots  large potholes in Navajo Rd between Parkridge and College/Waring, both east and westbound lanes.
All lapiz drive is bad but  is one   worst potholes
Potholes in right lanes in multiple areas.
Potholes in multiples lanes and locations.
Potholes.
Potholes in a section spanning 50-75 yards.
4-5 Potholes going south on Pomerado road in various areas.
Potholes.
100-150 yard stretch wh potholes.
Multiple potholes are present outside  address in both  west and east bound portions  Capricorn way.
Several pothole road defects are present outside  address in both  west and east bound portions  Capricorn way.
Badly damaged asphalt and pothole
Deep pothole in intersection
Pothole
Dangerous chunk  asphalt missing in crosswalk crossing from 750 B Street to 701 B Street. Pedestrian tripping risk.
Numerous huge potholes.
Huge pothole by @7245 Navajo by Nicolosis
POTHOLE CAUSED BLOWN TIRE. N/B ON INTERSECTION MID LANE
Hole forming north side  intersection about 3 feet deep possible sink hole
Large pothole on Bernardo Center Dr westbound, between north bound Highway 15 on-ramp and  freeway. at least 3 inches deep.  I thought I blew out at tire when I h  at 30mph.  If I had been on my motorcycle I would have been thrown f.
Pothole at intersection
Potholes before  intersection
This section   road is deteriorating on a daily basis. There are chunks   asphalt lying in  road. The road needs attention now, even though re are probably plans in place due to  power line upgrade. The pot holes cannot wa. Continued construction at Chabad and Scripps Glenn, and employees traveling to and from Poway have put a huge load on  road.
Pothole in right hand lane going north on College Ave between Del Cerro Blvd and I-8. In addion There is a rar large pothole going southbound on College Ave approaching I-8 on ramp.
Heading West from Shoal Creek on Ted Williams, several pot holes & DEEP ruts all  way to  bridge at  15..please fix !!
There is a pothole in  number one eastbound lane  North Harbor Drive east   intersection  North Harbor Drive and Lanning Road.
2-3 potholes.
Potholes,
4 potholes in a 50 yard stretch.
Lots  potholes in  section going West/South on Pomerado Rd between Chabad Center Drwy and Scripps Ranch Blvd.


westbound Friars Rd. just east  River Run Dr. - center lane has 2 potholes
Bad pothole on  corner  intersection  Coronado Ave & Thermal Ave
Large pothole.
Reported  a awhile back but  was claimed that  Cy couldn't find  location   pothole. This time I took photographic evidence   pothole.
Several potholes, some very bad, on Carmel Mountain Road between Rancho Carmel Dr and Highland Ranch Rd.  Mostly on  Westbound side but a couple Eastbound as well.  looks as though  worst   holes were filled but re are still several that need attention as those will be just as bad as  REALLY bad ones were at  time   report filing very soon.
Asphalt erosion -potholes
Asphalt erosion -potholes
Asphalt erosion -potholes
Pothole extending across back alley  900 block  Garnet and Hornblend
Big hole
Massive pot hole.  least 4 inches deep.
ABOUT 12 POTHOLES ABOUT 1 FT WIDE FROM 2810-2899 C ST (MULTIPLE REQ)
The payvement  intersection  Sorrento Valley Blvd and Sorrento Valley Rd. Has totally deteriorated and is covered wh innumerate potholes and uneven patches  previous patched repairs.

Why are we painting lane lines??!!! We are waing for resurfacing!!! What kind  money are we wasting here?? Do  before redoing pavement?? Hope so!
Deep in  intersection
3 potholes NB Mission Gorge where old patches used to be.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
The entire top half  Hillside Drive is a mass  broken asphalt and concrete.
Very damaged roadway wh multiple hazardous potholes in alley behind 4800 block  Muir / Voltaire st.
There is a giant pothole in  intersection  Ash and Columbia, nearest to  construction se. 's a fairly large pothole.
Multiple potholes Eastbound and Westbound on Poway Road East  15 freeway
Multiple potholes. Over 20+
In really bad shape... is north  Clairemont Mesa Blvd, just east  square..re is concrete on alley behind apt house just adjacent...but  rest  alley is just riddled wh potholes
3 large recurring pot holes heading north on Ted Williams just before Shoal Creek, far left lane...urgent, y are large/deep !!!

Many
Sunken asphalt patch. Metal pipes are protruding into  traffic lane. Very hazardous.
W/B 2, LARGE POTHOLES
Large Dangerous Pot hole on right lane  Bernardo Center drive going west just under Highway 15
Large pothole on Bernardo Center Drive in  right lane going westbound just under I 15
There are many large potholes on Paseo Lucido/Carmel Mountain Road both southbound and northbound between I-15 and Bernardo Heights Parkway.  Some  se are 5-6 inches deep and over 12" in diameter.  's a safety hazard as drivers are swerving into or lanes  traffic to avoid  road hazards.  Please fix ALL potholes in  area.
Very large and dangerous pothole on Bernardo center drive in  right lane going west  just under I 15 needs fixing ASAP!
Pothole forming on SB La Jolla Shores Dr, approximately 200-250 feet past Horizon Way.
Pothole in  norrn half   intersection  N. Torrey Pines Rd at La Jolla Shores Dr.
Potholes on west side  mission blvd
Pothole between 7944-7940 La Jolla Shores Dr as  right turn lane opens up for WB Torrey Pines Rd
Pothole (reoccurring)
A couple  potholes caused by construction trucks in  neighborhood.
E/B BALBOA & MORENA-POTHOLE

Two large potholes one going east one on  west side  CapricornThey partially repaired one hole and 's already broken apart and now re's a second one forming on  eastbound side I also need  Flatley's hall as y leave m largely unflattened
Potholes along  stretch  Clmt Dr. especially in front  3326 and 3328 Clairemont Drive, SD 92117
Large pothole on east side  13th Street between e and Broadway
POTHOLES (SOME WERE REPAIRED RECENTLY,  A LOT LEFT UNDONE)
Pothole in  middle  Thomas Ave at Everts St.
Pothole @ 4338 Huerfano. Reported  pothole previously however Cy repair job extremely sub standard when compared to your or pothole repairs in our area and  has already failed again. Please fix  right  time! Thank you.
Potholes in  NE quadrant   intersection  Grand Ave & Mission Blvd.
Sorrento Valley Boulevard is Swiss cheese left turning lane needs to be repaired  is  six posting!
Huge pot hole in southbound lane. Big enough to take out a motorcycle.
Multiple potholes
Multiple potholes
3 potholes spotted on Thomas Ave, near  first driveway for  library when heading in  EB direction.
Pothole on WB Thomas Ave near  middle   street and adjacent to  gutter about 35-45 feet west   intersection  Dawes St.
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT THIS STREET CALLER MENTIONS NEAR 1770 CAMTO MURRILLO
Pothole on west bound just under  overpass
5 or 6 triangular shaped potholes need filling on west side  Pomerado next to Sprouts Market.
Alley needs to be releveled. ?s become hazardous and may lead to car problems
On Golfcrest Dr from Mission Gorge Rd to Navajo Rd in both directions (northbound and southbound), re are too many potholes to list each location. Some are large and deep.
On Navajo Rd from College Ave to Jackson Dr in both directions (eastbound and westbound) re are too many potholes to list each location. Some are large and deep. 's dangerous to be weaving on  road in order to avoid m.
p/h in eb balboa 600 yards before gensee #2 lane on  left
Pot holes throughout  road...
Multiple potholes
POTHOLE @ W/B MIRA MESA & CAM RUIZ
We have 5 pot holes on our street. They are on  steep part   road, at  time y are 12 to 14 inches wide. Please patch before y get any bigger., thank you
Pothole
POTHOLE
Westbound Clairemont Mesa at Convoy pothole middle  intersection, also or potholes on eastbound side
Pot hole in lane approaching Rancho Bernardo rd
Large potholes in intersection  rosecrans and sports arena
NB lane #1  Sixth Ave
Two potholes, lane #1 in 5500 block  Balboa.
Growing pot hole at 4548 El Cajon Blvd.
Several potholes!!
SEVERAL POTHOLES
All streets in  area have been re-paved except  one. Road is deteriorating. Kids are riding bikes and skateboards and someone is going to have a bad accident
easy bound
There is a large sinkhole forming at  corner  Nashville and Morena Blvd. causing vehicle damage and possible bodily injury to pedestrians from previous work done on Morena Blvd for large water main break.  Please come repair  immediately!!  Thank you.
Many potholes in whole block
Large pothole
Numerous large potholes and damaged asphalt and concrete.  In  center and at all four corners.
Numerous potholes
This intersection and  entire street are badly damaged and have many potholes.

SEVERAL POTHOLES
POTHOLE  RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF INTERSECTION
Pothole
2 potholes left side  Fast lane west bound just before left hand turn lane to Genesee
Alley between Chantilly Ave and Raejean Ave has severely lifted cement from tree roots. Some repairs have been made in  past but only in one small section
Pothole
  stop sign on  corner  Ethan Allen and Brandywine, re is a massive chunk  asphalt missing.
deep pothole in  street.
Pot holes Camino Del Norte, under  I-15 bridge  Bernardo Center drive & Carmel  Mountain rd where Costco is located.
Large Pothole at edge  road
Terrible patching job by sewer replacement contractor along El Cajon Blvd. This is a disgrace and embarrassment and poor workmanship. How many cars are dealing wh broken axels or alignment issues due to ? AND YOU ARE NOT ABLE TO AVOID IT ITS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE INTERSECTION
"Continual horrible street condions.  I drive Wing Street daily. This street has had horrible since i bought my home new 12 years ago!  has has had crappy patch work done in  past but remains to look like . I am a tax payer and take pride in my surrounding area. This is unacceptable. I have many more pictures  whole street looks like . "
Potholes from deteriorated replaced asphalt
Many potholes
Severe road damage and chunks  pavement take  out.
Two deep potholes about 2 feet apart from each or while entering  left turning lane on North bound Euclid Ave.
Giant potholes.  There are actually 2.
Several potholes & severely damaged asphalt :1.  North bound lane on Acena,  20 ft. from Rancho Bernardo rd. - Close to 17081 Acena .2. North bound lane on Acena roughly 200 ft. from Rancho Bernardo Rd.    ( Close to address   17051  Acena)
Pothole  20 x20 inches and 6 in. deep. The pothole in on Grandee Rd. approx. 50 ft. from  intersection  Bernardo Oaks Drive.  The closest home is 17095 Bernardo Oaks DrSan Diego, CA 92128; yet  damage is on Grandee rd. NOT Bernardo Oaks.
missing asphalt in  center   street;   occurs along  street between several house address numbers.Badly damaged street REPAIRs are needed.
POTHOLES AT  ALL 4 CORNERS, CALLER STATING THAT THIS IS HER 3RD REPORT
manhole cover has fallen into  hole...
2 very deep potholes on Armstrong Place
Good afternoon;I understand that over  course  work roads become worn out/down. Last year during  fall and winter  2017, road construction was being performed near  North Park water tower. The heavy machinery cause lots  movement in  pavement and ultimately lots  small potholes to become an acceptional size. I am attaching photos, all  different potholes 2-3 feet away from each or. I know re?s probably a schedule, but I would very much like to ad my concern on  growing pot holes in front  address:
There are multiple potholes on Limerick Ct.  Most  Limerick Ave was repacked, but  stopped short   north end toward  canyon.  Limerick Ct desperately needs to be replaced instead   shotty patching that has been done  last few years.  Every time  rains,  potholes reappear.
Multiple potholes
Pothole
POTHOLES ON ACENA
pothole one  many
road crumbling
worse than  moon
and one more pro   street being ignored
Pothole is getting bigger. About 2' x 1.5' and 10" deep
middle
The pothole at  intersection  Mount Henry Ave. and Mount King Drive is getting huge and dangerous.  Please fix !  Thank you.
Potholes inside  intersection
Potholes inside  intersection
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes inside  intersection
big pot hole on  right lane ramp going onto  15
E/B ON LA JOLLA VILLAGE AT INTERSECTION
Very large pothole in alley behind 1209 Robinson Ave building
Large and deep pothole at  middle   intersection  Cardinal drive and cardinal road. Please fix Thank youThere are few ors on Cardinal drive as well, one smaller in front  my house 2281cardinal Dr
The intersection  Genesee and Linda Vista Rd last year was enlarged in all directions wh more lanes including a formal bike lane and new cement medians. Whoever budgeted and managed  project fell short executing a successful project. I am not thrilled about myth hard earned tax dollars gone to support a project that is incomplete and poorly executed. The streets in all direction preceding  intersection were not repaved and just yesterday I h a pothole  wh my brand new tire while my head h  ro  my car. There are many potholes in all directions,especially Genesse east toward  163.  I want someone to call me to help me understand why  project was done so poorly and or if re are plans in  NEAR future to repave. Is  because s Linda Vista???   John 858 229 4019

Pothole on east side  Biona Dr, in front  4619
Problems wh asphalt repairs in both lanes going north on College. Asphalt was, at one time, dug up, but repair was not done properly. This has resulted in horrible surfaces/potholes in both lanes.
There are multiple pot holes on High Bluff Dr. just south  Del Mar Heights Rd.
Several small cracks along street please patch
Traffic signals to east bound traffic are obscured by signage and are not visible until fully arrived at  intersection.
Callejn con pavimento daado
Horrible potholes in  right and middle lanes. Dangerous
Pothole
Pothole
More than two months ago,  concrete street was cut for some reason.  An asphalt patch was put in.  Shouldn't  street be returned to concrete?  The patch has compressed in some areas making  street difficult to drive
NB College Avenue sunken spot in street before pedestrian walk bridge
Street is lifted from sidewalk tree curb broken in multiple places - dangerous for car tires and walkers
west bound Bernardo Center at  I-15 north on ramp, pothole
FAIRMOUNT AVE IN BOTH DIRECTIONS. IT NEEDS TO BE FIXED. THERE ARE POTHOLES, WIDE CRACKS AND BUMPY. THE STREET IS HEAVY TRAFFIC EVERY DAY AND IT'S GETTING WORSE AND WORSE. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FIX IT?
MONTEZUMA RD GOING EAST. IT NEEDS TO BE FIXED. THERE ARE POTHOLES, WIDE CRACKS AND BUMPY. THE STREET IS HEAVY TRAFFIC EVERY DAY AND IT'S GETTING WORSE AND WORSE. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FIX IT?
GOING SOUTH ON COLLEGE. BOTH LANES HAVE "DEEP POTHOLES" SEVERAL REQUESTS HAVE BEEN SUBMITTED FOR DAYS NOW AND IT'S STILL NOT FIXED.
RIGHT LANE, GOING NORTH ON COLLEGE AVE. POTHOLE PREVIOUSLY PATCHED HAS OPENED UP AGAIN. PLEASE REPAIR IT? THANK YOU
There are several small to medium size potholes on Lake Badin Ave in between Lake Andra & Lake Adlon.
Our street (Meknes Way) from Nawa Way to Meknes Street is in very poor condion.  The asphalt is failing on most   street, severe alligatoring, several pot holes and an area where  asphalt is being pushed up from cars or trucks turning ir wheels sharply.  We have had many streets in our neighborhood resurfaced over  last few years but  one seems to get missed and was in far worse shape than ors.  Thanks for your attention to Meknes Way.
The alleyway between Wall Street and Silverado Street  East  Herschel is in very very poor condion  entire stretch.   There are serious car eating pot holes throughout  alley which are very hard to miss.  This alley needs to be resurfaced in a very bad way.
Pothole
Pothole
Chunks   asphalt are coming up in front  our driveway
POTHOLE
The section  Paseo Del Verano Norte east  Pomerado Road is becoming increasing rough wh several large potholes and degraded surface.
College Ave, Northbound on  downhill, between Streamview and Universy was repaved 8 - 12 months ago.  started getting pancake-like holes whin a month.   is now completely ripped/holed/broken almost  entire length   street.
Several deep( some over 2") potholes on  stretch between Pomerado Rd and Avenida Cordillera.
Very deep and blocks two way traffic in  ally.
Hole in  fence between interstate 8 and hancock street
Paseo del Verano Norte continues to deteriorate.  There are potholes galore and  tarring becomes increasingly rough to drive on.   needs work!!!11570 DUENDA RD
Concrete and asphalt is buckling creating large bumps and potholes at head  alley.
S/B POTHOLE TIRE DAMAGE
More than 25 large and deep potholes in and around  intersection.  More than 100 complaints.
Reoccurring potholes where water cross drains on new asphalt.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes.  More than 50 requests over  past year at  location.
Recurring widening and now very deep pothole where water cross drains in new asphalt.
Potholes
Pothole and damaged asphalt4600 MERCURY ST
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes
Pothole and very damaged asphalt at entrance to Shell
Pothole
CAR HAS BEEN PARKED FOR OVER 72 HRS FORD    VAN    WHITE  LIC PLATE # 4BNY652   WITH BLACK SPRAY MARKS
CUST SELLING HER HOUSE WANTS THE SINKHOLE FILLED ASAP.....
Pothole east bound new salem
Pothole in asphalt alley
Large pothole on right lane headed westbound on Bernardo Center Drive at   ex   15 South.
Reoccurring pothole in right turn lane  La Jolla Village Drive (Eastbound towards Lebon Dr.)
Very deep pothole on  corner  Tyrian Street and Gravilla Street in La Jolla, CA 92037
"POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION AND AS YOU CONTINUE ONTO THE MORENA RAMP"
Pothole
Several potholes on southbound Navajo Drive from Parkview to College/Waring intersection.
Pothole
MULTIPLE ON STREET
Drove into a huge pothole on Camino Santa Fe, driving from Miramar to Mira Mesa. The pothole is before Carroll Rd.  popped  tire causing  flat tire light to come on in  car. I could hear air coming out  .  is at  Firestone Tire Center now getting repaired.
More potholes than you can count
This hole was already reported and closed out. This was not fixed.
Pothole at  north end  Portino dr in right lane facing north.
Major damaged road wh multiple potholes, deep cracks, and very poor road condion. Located from South 28th street, freeway 94 west & east entrance and ex all  way to South 28th street & Ocean View Blvd.  Many years damaged wh no sign  repair.
Deep pothole located on Ocean View Blvd. Nearest cross street South 30th Street. The deep pothole will be near  south-west street curve on Ocean View Blvd. San Diego, CA. 92113.
Pothole
Small sink hole in street.
Pothole
Numerous potholes in  left hand turn lane from South bound limerick east bound clairemont mesa
Triangle pothole one and a half feet deep one and a half feet wide
Giant pothole 3 feet wide 4 inches deep
Temporary patch work and metal panels laying in  street not acceptable tired  driving through uneven beat up road wh gaps  daily because   One Paseo project. Also y moved a sewer drain in  middle  el Camino real north bound left turn lanes at Del Mar heights and left  turn lane wh a giant dip. Unacceptable dip and median is damaged not okay at all. Call a supervisor and get m to fix  and have more supervision.
Mt ararat de from  Mt Everest to  end   cup de sac has not been replaced in 20 years. The potholes in front   elementary school  are deep! The cy has tried filling to holes but to no avail.  The next rain washes away  fill.
The road is really gravelly and bumpy.
Large pothole  corner  marathon and success
Large pothole
Boulder Lake north  Navajo is in terrible shape.  Street repair people keep filling potholes but still a big problem.  The streets around our homes were resurfaced maybe 5 years ago but  is a main service road and  goes past Tommy Drive, Ballinger, and Whelan.  The repaired  Boulder Lake south  Navajo but not  north.  Please resurface  road.  I have reported  several times.  Thanks for your help on  matter.  92119.
Several pot holes on Poway Road (between I-15 and Iola Way).  Road in disrepair for many years.
Large square asphalt patch Is sinking. If feels like you're going over a large pothole. 's about a 5 x 10 square going eastbound on home Avenue right across from  park.
Potholes on C street stretch  from 30th street to 33rd street.  I had a flat tire from turning onto C street from 30th street.
Milton has been repaired twice.  is still a mess but on Milton West  Illion is truly DANGEROUS.  needs to be fixed , somebody could die.

Westbound has lots and lots and lots  potholes
Several deep potholes and a lot  loose asphalt  between Pomerado Road and Avenida Cordillera in Oaks North which is a 55+ communy.
Street is falling apart. Potholes are growing day by day. Pieces  asphalt end up in  gutters.
Railroad crossing in horrible condion. Potholes and raised asphalt deteriorating. Gets worse by  day. I have submted requests over  past few years to no avail. Or work has happened in  area to rip up asphalt and repair a water line but no one fixed  railroad crossing less than 50? away.  This is a hazard to cars, pedestrians and presumably trains given that  crossing is only getting worse. SDPD drives  route daily and I can only imagine y have complaints about  horrendous condion   road too.
Golfcrest from mission gorge to Navajo is horrible! Between road being dug for whatever reason and n half assed repair, which made  very uneven, to  pothole repairs that have been half ass and now are even worse.  Btw  pothole workers- why not save taxpayers money and let m repair every pothole on  street instead  only one?? Crazy waste  gas, emissions, etc
Pothole at corner. Very dangerous as cars swerve around  while making turn onto Recuerdo.
28th street that goes under 94 and market street bridges is extremely bumpy and dangerous to drive on
Pot holes everywhere. Street is a damn mess
Rancho Penasquos/Poway Road from Oak Knoll onward towards 56 Freeway needs a thorough fixing   potholes.  I see Poway Road has been fixed up until Oak Knoll Road but I wonder  was just stopped re.
Asphalt needed to fill in pothole
2 big potholes is  3rd lane from left 20 yards apart
Cracks in  street, that span  street from curb to curb, in some cases 2" wide.  In addion, Camino Verano Norte, when coming f Pomerado east at  Verano summ,  road is laced wh rough pavement.
The entire section  Poway Road from I-15 to  Poway cy lims is terrible!  is pothole after pothole. As soon as you h Poway,  road is great. Makes me ashamed to be a San Diego resident.
 stop sign corner Azucar and Aquamiguel  large pot hole getting worse. All  Azucar Way is a mess wh many seams across  road from old home fire repairs  10 y ago. And large patches wh degrading street. We were told 3 y ago street needed overlay and scheduled for 2018 but not on list.
These two streets are full  potholes! (Venus and Ollie)
This street is full  potholes.
Henry St has recently been redone wh concrete and is probably one   worst jobs ever.  is not even close to being smooth. I believe y sanded done  rough parts on California but, not Henry. They company was paid for a mediocre job at best. Thanx for your attention
There is a HUGE pothole on westbound Ash Street at Columbia Street in  right lane.  This pothole is so big I think  may swallow a small Volkswagen soon.I've previously reported very large potholes in  same location on Tracking Numbers 00233432 and 00232077.There is still water flowing from  north on most mornings when I go through  intersection.  I'm sure  is what helped erode your last fix and caused  newest HUGE pothole.Please fix both  pothole and stop  water flowing down  street.Thanks,Ken
Sunken pavement
The street is covered in potholes and people trip all  time. re are lots  kids that like to play and ride bikes, but  is not safe wh so many potholes.
Hole getting bigger .  Left lane going south
Potholes
Potholes
street has been trenched,  repair has caved in, very rough and deep.  I've reported  4 times before.  I keep getting emails that problem has been closed but nothing has been done.  This is north bound on Mission Bay Drive at Glendora Street # 2 lane, 2 separate areas.
Chateau Drive was repaved, Thank you.... All except for  block between Camber and Paola??? Why?? Please finish  job.
This section  Boulder Lake Ave is in extreme disrepair. There are multiple pot holes and cracks in  road. This road experiences heavy traffic in  morning and afternoons from parents picking kids up at Gage Elementary School. Please priorize  project to repave (not patch). This will reduce damage to vehicles and make  road safer to drive on. Best regards,Tim Wolff
i will keep reopening until you fix se
On Poway road,  stretch  road from ltle after oaknoll road to  I15 intersection has many pot holes and is in dire need  repairs for years. This is a busy section  poway  road so a lot  traffic passes re every day.
heading towards airport, right lane
Pothole in street in front  my house

Needs resurfacing  s so uneven so not smooth
Large pothole at entrance to Serra High School.
Huge pothole in  east bound lane that has been previously reported is still an issue and does require immediate attention
Pothole in both east-bound lanes
Multiple potholes in  north-bound lane  41st Street
The 6800 block  Glenroy Street, between Greenbrier Ave. and Princess View Dr. is in terrible shape and is in disparate need  repair.  What started out as a broken  line   asphalt down  center   our street, has now become a sizable gap wh big chunks  asphalt ltering  street causing more damage wh every passing car, truck, and bus. We share  street wh Lewis Middle School, where every Am and Pm  buses and addional traffic, continue to tear up  street.  One would think that. sharing a street wh a school, would take priory. The 2- crosswalks: The one @ Greenbrier Ave. and  or @ Irwin St. are unsafe to use, not only for  students  who attend Lewis Middle School but for   residents who live in  neighborhood, especially  elderly. 's a LAW SUIT waing to happen! 's not a matter  if, but WHEN... Also, most   residents here have had to endure ir vehicles bottoming-out every time y leave ir driveways causing $$$  damage to our vehicles.
Is  what we want eh dockless bikes? Mayor Kevin...please fix 
The area that is in need  repair is on Maple Street, between Boundry and Montclair, 92104. This section  road has many deep pot holes and crumbling areas. This whole  section really needs to be repaved rar than just having  holes filled. Vehicles have to swerve to avoid  deep holes.  is impossible to drive on  correct side   street whout hting a deep hole.
There are a couple potholes on Wing St between Midway Dr and Kenyon St.
Terrible street only half   street was fixed last year and  or half was never touched. Cedaridge Drive San Diego, CA 92114




Many potholes on Carmel Mtn Rd between Camino Del Norte & I-15

Temporary asphalt is sinking and causing a driving hazard.
Street needs to be repaired.
Lot  potholes.
 is  Rancho Carmel drive turning right onto Ave  Science. in  right lane re is a deep pothole.
Huge pothole next to speed bump. Please for  love  god repave Capricorn Way already.
Enormous pothole in  middle   road. This entire section  Capricorn Way is filled wh potholes. Please repave  street already.
Giant pothole in  middle   road. This entire section  Capricorn Way is filled wh potholes. Please repave  street already.
Garnet Avenue and Mission Bay Drive, entire Intersection plagued wh large potholes, dangerous to vehicles.
The entire length  Carnton Way from Graciosa to Devereux/Fairhope is full  potholes, stripped asphalt, cracks and water damage. In many places  asphalt is completely gone, and re is a lot  gravel and rock chunks all over  street. This street has never been repaved in 30 years. Not only is  unsafe for bicycles, motorcycles and vehicles, but s extremely bad condion is affecting property values. Turko from KUSI has put  on  Worst Streets  San Diego.
There is pothole when you turn right into marathon drive from success st
Big pothole in right hand lane on east bound la hills village drive
Hazardous and public safety concern regarding a pothole in  crosswalk going across Mission Blvd going east to west. Wnessed an individual on wheelchair traveling in  crosswalk who fell into  pothole. ADA compliance issue as well.
POTHOLES  AT THIS ADDRESS  AND THROUGHOUT STREET
POTHOLES IN ALLEY, PLEASE REPAVE
The street needs to be repaired not just  potholes. ?s been years since any thing was fixed thank you for taking  time to look at  street.
This is a Cul de Sac at  end  Del Paso Ave.   is full  large potholes and broken concrete.  This is where  trash  trucks and various delivery trucks turn around.  Several years ago Del Paso was resurfaced from Ridge Manor to Brynwood Way, but  remainder  Del Paso was never done.  This really needs to be completed as many people walk on  street to  end and someone is going to fall and incur a serious injury.
Large potholes on Navajo Rd and College in front  St Teresa catholic Church
15 POTHOLES  W/B FROM THAT ADDRESS
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE ON THE SOUTH EAST CORNER OF THE INTERSECTION
When heading to merge onto  8W, or 15 freeway,  street needs repaved entirely. The potholes are always being re-filled but s time to just repave  entire street. Please once and for all. I have been asking that  be repaved as s damaging our cars. This entire merge/onramp needs repaved. Please finally, break down and repave .
Going east on Aero Dr, pothole on  RIGHT lane.  is a deep crater in  middle   intersection  Aero Dr and Ruffin Rd. Image from Google Maps
Pothole
69th Street from Gibson St/Dartmoor Dr to Madera street is ltered wh potholes. The entire strip  street is unsafe to run or walk on whout fear  stepping in one and injuring someone. Driving on  is like driving over gravel because re is so much damage to  street.
Going towards Mesa College by  gas station
There is a pothole on  southwest corner  intersection  Camino Del Norte and I-15 south on ramp.
There is a pothole on  norast corner  Bernardo Center Drive and  I-15 North on ramp.
Right in front 
Alta La Jolla Dr SB south  Calle Delicada
Alta La Jolla Dr SB south  Calle DelicadaAsphalt patch has sunk near gutter pan
Alta La Jolla Dr SB south  Calle DelicadaBroken concrete has collapsed creating blowout danger
Number 4  a series  problems on SB Alta La Jolla DrAlta La Jolla Dr SB south  Calle DelicadaBroken concrete has collapsed creating blowout danger
our street on  east end is terrible needs asphalt repair.  cross street Corridor is just as bad. i am sending pictures. work has been near us but our street is very bad  - needs attention
Pot hole rocks are being throw against my glass fence and into my veranda area causing a safety hazard to my family and those that walk  sidewalk.
Pothole
pothole is a huge hole in street
shallow hole, asphalt lifted out  street
pothole in street
pothole in street
Pothole in middle  intersection







Large pothole in left lane just before intersection

Deep pothole at Ash & Columbia

Pothole


Navajo road between Park Ridge and College/Waring is a minefield  potholes.
Potholes
There is a huge pothole infront  Neighborhood House Walker Headstart. Rectagular shape, bad for  parents picking up/ dropping f ir children.
The pavement looks like  was suppose to be a speed bump but ?s raised and uneven, cracked.  really tears your car up and knocks your alignment f
not a pothole but looks like cars running over a newly paved street repair caused a "dch" where driving over  is really hard on  tires.
Road wh lot  potholes and rough road
Large Pothole in center  roadway
Large Pothole in center  roadway
3rd Large Pothole in center  roadway
4th Large pothole in lanes
5th large Pothole in lanes
POTHOLE LOCATED IN NORTHBOUND COLLEGE AV LEFT-TURN LANE TO DEL CERRO BLVD.
Large pothole
Large puddle
Next to cross walk. Along concreat edge on left turn lane
s still here and getting bigger!I think I see a Smart car in  bottom   pothole
Deep pothole right outside milary housing
Road Maintenance Potholes - 10870-10998 Rancho Carmel Dr, San Diego. Rp Masha Adib 858-848-4047.
About 2 to 3 foot wide pot hole at  intersection  Flower Meadow Dr and Flower Meadow Ct.
pothole
Potholes in intersection  Verlane Dr and Bisby Lake.
LOCATED ON EL CAJON BLVD WESTBOUND NEAR 40TH STREET
LOCATED ON EL CAJON BLVD WESTBOUND NEAR ADDRESS
Lots  potholes. Reported many times. Need to fill all  m not just some. Claudia 619-466-8080
This whole street is covered wh potholes and needs to be completely re-paved. I have more photos, but could only subm one.
Road and tracks very uneven. Every time I go through re I need a front end alignment!
There are 2 potholes on  northbound  Diane Avenue
There is a pothole in  northbound  Diane Avenue
Potholes on  Northbound  Diane Avenue
There are 2 potholes on  Northbound  Diane Avenue
There is a pothole on  Northbound Diane Avenue.
There is 2 potholes on  Northbound  Diane Avenue
There is 2 potholes on  Northbound Diane Avenue
There are 2 potholes on  south side  Diane Avenue
There are two potholes on  south side  Diane Avenue
There are 2 potholes on  south side   Diane Avenue
There are 2 potholes on  south side   Diane Avenue
Several potholes on Carmel Mountain Road between Camino Del Norte and I-15
There is a mine field  potholes in both tracks   Westbound lane  Pomerado Rd beginning approximately 0.3 mile east  Scripps Ranch Blvd and through  intersection.
Hi, re are a few pot holes right at  turn  Garfield and Kane, Please fill m. Thank  you
Hi, What a terrible job  Water dept did repaving Milton Street From Illion St to Garfield, After  repaved  damaged areas,  coming up again. s a terrible job who ever pave  surface, The whole project needs to be done right, Not patched up. The must  done  too thing and now s breaking apart again.   corner  Garfield and Milton and at  crosswalk at Milton and Illion and place in between. A supervisor needs to get out and see what a terrible job  Water Dept did repave  street, Thank you for you help
Pothole around a SDG&E gas access
Rancho Bernardo - Pomerado Rd and Paseo del Verano Norte to about Camino Ancho, perhaps 1 mile  dozens  potholes, large cracks and crumbling asphalt, I took photos wh a yardstick, many are bigger than that. The photos only represent a fews   many issues wh  road, frequently by elderly drivers and vendors and visors to  Bernardo Winery.
Pothole
IN FRONT OF RESTRAUNT
From Balboa west bound, approaching  left turn lanes to Genesee south bound.
There are big holes in  street right next to  curb in front  my house.  Our street is also in dire need  repair.  Many holes and bumpy surface to drive on.
Pothole at  location--heavily used road, many senior cizen drivers, possible loss  control if y h pothole. Rp: Gail Becker 858-524-6699
Our whole block is full  holes and uneven surface.  I put in a report about  big divets/pot whole at  curb in front  my house and or houses.  The blocks north and south  mine have been repaired but our block has been neglected for a year or more.  Please help!,
There are SOOOOO many potholes on Fairmount Ave. all  way from exing f  8-East heading southbound on Fairmount Ave. and on  f ramp to Aldine Road. I have brand new tires on my vehicle and y are already starting to cup due to se potholes. These road condions are dangerous and in unacceptable condion.
Alley between Mission Blvd & Ocean Blvd and Emerald St and diamond St. Please evaluate for a resurfacing project, re are several potholes which are a liabily for  cy. The existing asphalt condion on  alley is really bad and  asphalt alley needs maintenance ASAP. Please come and field verify

POTHOLES ON MISSION BAY , BETWEEN GARNET AND I-5)
We have multiple potholes on our residential street, and many  m are becoming dangerous. As you can see from  photos, large chunks  asphalt have become loose and cars are running over m. Wh so many  se holes on our street,  is becoming increasingly difficult to avoid driving over m.
Constuent Daniel Cavo reports a pothole about 5? gap for 10 meters.Please call (858) 344-6656 if more info needed.
POTHOLE
Two large potholes at left lane.
Broken utily cover
East bound side  West Point Loma some what in front or by 4015 W Point Loma Blvd, San Diego, CA 921103 pot hole on  enter lane
35th Street between Madison and Monroe south  Adams School continues to deteriorate. There are numerous potholes and  surface is very uneven making  difficult to travel on safely.
Dangerous deep pothole!!!
The whole street is ltered wh potholes. Images are attached. One is so bad,  caused a significant scratch on  bottom part  my bumper.
Pothole
Potholes down  center eastbound Lane after  intersection and before  driveway into Ralphs.
Potholes in  intersection
Wow  road needs to be redone!
In  8600 block and 8800 block  Capricorn Way re are multiple potholes. In fact, Capricorn Way needs to be resurfaced between Camino Ruiz and Bootes St.
Pothole still is in right lane  eastbound La Jolla Village Drive between I-5 ex and Lebon Dr. Previously reported but now has grown larger.
Pot hole in front  library
Large deep pothole
Enormous pothole at  ex lane   I-5 North at Genesee Avenue. I wasn?t able to go back and get a picture since my car had to be towed one I got f  ex ramp. I have run flat tires but  pothole was  mor  potholes and  won.
l-Landis street from Menlo avenue to Euclid avenue is full  potholes and is in need  repaving.  road has been in disrepair for many years.

Multiple deep potholes, road disintegrating.
Deep ruts and potholes.  Co start flooding.



Unspent bullet found in a parking lot pothole at 06:45 Saturday morning. I have  bullet. My wife won't let me bring  into our house, so 's covered up in  back  my pickup bed until I find out what to do wh .
Street is in horrible disrepair. We were told  would have been repaved last year.
Big hole around sewer cover in middle  intersection  mt. Albertine and mt. Aguilar
Pothole inside lane heading south on Carmel Mountain Ranch just before Conference Way.
Multiple pot holes , 4001, 4003 , 4004 , 4009, and 4021  33rd.
There are two potholes in  center   street about half a block east   Pentuckett St intersection.  Also, a pothole is forming on  street near  driveway  3624 Grape Street, as well.
There are numerous potholes along Capricorn Way between Westonhill and Pegasus Ave.  These potholes appear every year and are difficult to navigate around.Please finish resurfacing Capricorn Way and  rest   Mira Mesa neighborhoods that have been neglected.
Pothole on bike path. Very dangerous!
Potholes on corner  Collier and 32nd
Pothole
Squaring pothole from  construction (contractor filling  wh asphalt),
Two large potholes at  intersection  28th Street and E Street in Golden Hill
Very large pothole on 28th Street at C Street in Golden Hill
Large pothole at  intersection  28th & A St. in Golden Hill
Many rough spots, pot holes and cracks that need to be fixed on Cannington from Balboa to Mt Abernathy
Many rough spots, pot holes and cracks that need to be fixed from Doliva to  805 N on ramp.
Pothole in  southbound left lane  Clairemont Drive
Deep pothole in front  mcdonalds on balboa.
Potholes inside  intersection   CPK driveway.
Potholes just outside  crosswalk eastbound towards I15
2 Potholes
Pothole
HUGE POTHOLE
Potholes
Lots  holes. Please help. Car hurts.
South bound re are 2 potholes in  location needs filling. This is my 3rd request in last 2 months. Hope re are funds in  years budget to fill se and ors I have reported. These pot holes are getting larger by  day. Help please !!!
pot hole in street looks like  is a sink hole starting
Big pot hole
Two super deep potholes in  #1 lane, very unsafe
Pothole
Pot in # 1 line just before u cross trolley tracks heading south on Euclid Ave. 16" by about 3" deep
POTHOLE IS GROWING AT INTERSECTION 2FT X 1 FT DEEP
Pothole
Series  potholes along wh crumbling road. Prior road patches have cracked and come f. The road is wearing away - starting from Erma Rd to Mira Mesa blvd along Scripps Ranch Blvd
POTHOLE
Pothole
Several big potholes in road, especially in left lane travelling toward  15. In  stretch between Camino del Norte and highland ranch road.
Pothole
Elongated pothole from sewer maintenance three years ago.
Potholes in street. Contact is Inuz at 619-723-7005
Pothole on northbound Linda Vista Rd.
Pothole on northbound Linda Vista Rd.
Multiple potholes along Kearny Mesa Rd. in both directions.
Road in bad condion. Danger to kids as re is road rock everywhere making  dangerous for kids riding ir bike. Also pothole is deep. Need to repaid asap. Most  streets in Tierrasanta roads were resurfaced, what happened to Guincho Rd? Bad shape road and needs help.
Going east on Aero Dr  right lane at Ruffin Rd
Look what  finally caused.  This street needs to be repaved. Not lil poor holes filed s worse than that.  I'm sure se ppl will be sueing  cy.  Lose lose on our tax dollars

There is a large pothole that has been getting worse over  years.  is about 6? deep where  asphalt meets  concrete drain.  runs  width   road.
LG P/H
Large Potholes south and north side  Carmel Mountain
Multiple holes in  left lane  Navajo headed east towards Margerum.
Potholes
Several potholes on 45th street. This street has Chollas/Mead Elementary school on street and is a heavily traffic street including heavy trucks and dump trucks that make daily viss during week. Nearest cross street is Market st. Street in desperate need  resurfacing.
Eastbound lane potholes
southbd lane, middle right lane
3 POTHOLES,  HEADING WESTBOUND #1 LANE ON BALBOA, 1 ON CLOSE TO CANNINGTON THE OTHER 2 JUST BEFORE GENESEE
Pothole
Large pothole leading into  parking lot by McDonalds
Large pothole in eastbound lane
Broken street surface, 2'x12' estimate, east side  55th St at Hardy Av
Intersection  Sandrock Rd and Aero Dr. Going east on Aero. Pothole
Image from Google Maps as example. This temporary patch  a pothole has now SUNKEN DOWN and became a pothole again. Please repair. Thank you
Pothole
There is a large pothole on Santo Rd southbound, right lane, just passed  traffic light.
One large pothole and one smaller one. The larger one is probably 10-12 inches across.
Pothole in  center  northbound Kendall St. at  lim line wh Garnet Ave.
There is an alleyway behind  4300 block  Clairemont Mesa Blvd that is used as a cut through for traffic and is completely riddled wh potholes.
Pothole
Multiple potholes
6" deep pothole caused flat tire. Contact is Donald at 760-809-9373
Pothole, Caused by Rain & Traffic
BIG POTHOLE
Pavement in in crosswalk broken.  Potential tripping hazard
Multiple large pot holes on Navajo Rd in both directions
Large pothole caused 3 flat tires traveling west bound on Navajo in  left lane right before Margerum Av. Contact is Patricia at 619-583-9072.
Bad potholes on Navajo Rd from Waring Rd to Parkridge.
POTHOLE E/B
Deep pothole, north Acena dr. just before east Ranch Bernardo Rd. intersection. Pothole has exposed wires, possiibly for traffic signal.
pothole
THIS INTERSECTION NEEDS ROAD REPAIR,  FULL OF POTHOLES
iudh
POTHOLE ON OTAY CENTER S/B (JUST BEFORE SIEMPRE VIVA
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Deep pothole, right lane
Starting from  intersection  Scripps Ranch Pkwy and Affiny Ct all  way to Erma,  street is damaged and full  cracks and potholes that are hazardous to cars. People are swerving to avoid damaging ir vehicles which have almost caused accidents.
Navajo Rd between Waring Rd and Park Ridge Blvd in both directions has lots (over 30) potholes.  Some are big enough to f a whole tire in.
My neighboring streets Maury and Turnabout were newly paved about two years ago. A month ago y were repaved when y truly did not need  in  least. Homeowners on both streets were shocked  cy did ir streets.  Bobhird is lerally a mess wh falling apart  ashault and potholes ! y did fill potholes recently  but  entire street is bumpy and unlevel and dirty and cracking. Is re some reason our street is not getting repaved. I have asked in  past as well as my neighbors filing  report. When will  get redone?
Pothole on WB Miramar Rd, whin 15 feet   railroad undercrossing. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.
POTHOLES CALLER STATES FROM TEXAS TO MISSION
Potential tire and rim damage, large portion   alley needs resurfacing
Pothole
FOUR TO FIVE POTHOLES
Pothole, please fill/fix
Really bad, embarrassing for  communy
?s not a pot hole.. work is being done and y left a hole size  half  car. !
Reported  months ago and  was closed 4 months ago yet pot hole remains? On 68th between wubderlin and Brooklyn are
There is a dip that is growing deeper and is now about 3-5" deep in  middle.
Beat up pot holes  infested road
Water access plate severely lower than remainder  roadway.
Pothole in  left lane  NB Camino Ruiz, about 10-20 feet before  left turn lane opens up for  apartment complex at  west end  Jade Coast Drive. May want to use GPS coordinates since no actual address number is showing up.  (32.9013870,-117.1438687)
Great Job,  road is now all fixed.. This is a great web se !  Now how about we work on Sassafras to Ketner from  ex f  5, I have to apologize to my riders about  condion  that road, I know  logistics will be hard but please 's like driving through a mine field You had put up signs saying  was going to be done on Oct13th, What  hell happened, Please for Gods sake resurface that road, 's  worst road in San Diego, Come on PLEASE !!!!!!,
Potholes across all  westbound through lanes  Mira Mesa Blvd from  GPS pindrop to  intersection wh Scranton Rd and everywhere in between  locations mentioned in  report.
Multiple potholes in center lane.
3 potholes in a 35 yard span on  second lane from left.
Potholes
Pothole in 2 lanes.
The condion  College Ave going North in  long stretch is unacceptable. The street was recently resurfaced and re are potholes all over. More like  coating came f so  entire street is uneven and bumpy
The condion  College Ave going North in  long stretch is unacceptable. The street was recently resurfaced and re are potholes all over. More like  coating came f so  entire street is uneven and bumpy
Potholes were  street goes below Trolley line bridge
Pothole has gotten much bigger since Google Streetview. There's dirt coming out   pothole right in  middle   street.
Pothole in  intersection  Arjons Dr & Cabot Dr.
Three very large consecutive potholes force drivers going southbound to eir go into oncoming traffic or almost into parked vehicles in order to avoid falling into potholes. There have been multiple near-misses and cars are going at high speed because  downhill.
Potholes on both directions  Arjons Dr just east   intersection wh Cabot Dr/Miralani Dr.
Huge potholes and turbulant road along Villa La Jolla Drive and La Jolla Village Drive coming down from UCSD, making a left onto La Jolla Village Drivce.
Really big potholes on Villa La Jolla Drive going south, that stretches from  VA hospal entrance to  corner  La Jolla Village Drive.
Dangerous pothole on pedestrian walk path
Multiple deep potholes on High Bluff Drive. 2-3 in a row.
Uneven raised asphalt, loose rocks, gravel.  Was supposed to be repaired weeks ago.
Pothole on  intersection/entrance  AMN Health Care, Golden West Management, Plaza Del Mar, etc
Potholes all throughout  alley
This complete section  36th st from El Cajon blvd to Orange Ave needs repaving.  The or streets around us were repaved but  one was left out for some reason.  See attached  just one pothole on  street.
The entire section  Glenroy between Princess View and Greenbrier needs to be repaved. The street is in terrible condion and has increased traffic over a typical street due to Lewis Middle School.

A few months ago  Cy replaced all  concrete streets in  Lower Hermosa track  La Jolla. The streets had been re since 1922 and  crew did an excellent job  replacing m. Now y are digging holes through  at  corner  Avenida Cresta and Via Del Norte. They house y appear to be doing  for was purchased well before  street  was redone and good planning would have avoided any destruction   new concrete. Any repairs need to be inspected for qualy to insure we don't end up wh an asphalt repair or poor qualy sunken repair.
The street has pot holes and multiple levels stripped away.   needs to be paved.
In  original report in  screenshot, Cy crews were not able to find  pothole. This I'm probably guessing due to  fact that re was no address number in  report. In  new updated report,  is  closest address number that I could find for  intersection  Genesee Ave & Executive Drive. Pothole self is inside  intersection in  sourn half  . If you need to contact me, and clarify  any furr, I'm more than happy to talk on  phone, just leave a message wh a phone number and I'll return  call. I do realize when  Cy calls, re's no caller ID info on  and I'm suspicious  answering those calls. Thank you.
2 potholes on Balboa westbound left lane.  Holes are located in front  Wells Fargo driveway entrance.. in center lane.(Past   shopping center stoplight)


This alleyway is deteriorated, potholes, and poorly l at night, which allows a tremendous amount  transient traffic and illegal dumping. When was  last time  alleyway was paved? and  lighting was reviewed.
Open trench about 4' long  x 8" wide x 8" deep in street along sidewalk is not marked sufficiently. There are cones on sidewalk, but insufficient street markings to avoid my car bottoming a tire and damaging  wheel.
Bayside Lane behind 3416-3420 Bayside Walk has very uneven pavement repairs. Several  our family members have tripped and fallen in  alley in  area. Ors bicycling and walking have also had problems due to  uneven pavement repairsWould you please "smooth out"  temporary asphalt and make  safer. Thank you
Potholes on 14th and G
The pavement in  alleyway is severely damaged wh  numerous potholes that are trip hazard for  pedestrians.
12 to 15 inch diameter sink in middle  street from a water leak in pipe and an uneven patch on  area where hole was dug. Location 2904 Demeter Way San Diego Ca 92139
Traveling east bound on Aero, in  middle lane,  crossing Sanrock, large pothole. Contact is Bill at 858-279-9114
Westbound Balboa. Large Pothole in middle lane.  In front  elementary school on westbound side
Across from 6500 Balboa Ave, traveling west bound, in  middle lane, bad pothole. Contact is Bill at 858-279-9114.
Scripps Poway Parkway east  I-15 to Scripps Summ Ct needs to be completely resurfaced.  This portion  road is full  uprises, potholes, ruts, and or damage that results in swerving cars, bouncing trucks, and potential vehicular damage to wheels and alignments for which  cy is liable.
Pothole is getting bigger. The neighborhood kids have run a hose to  and y're turning  into a Jacuzzi
Several potholes on  right lane  College Ave going south have NEVER BEEN FILLED PROPERLY. There are deep craters again. Please fix better?
Scripps Ranch Blvd between Erma Road and Mira Mesa Blvd is anor rutted disaster area in both directions.  The road is rutted, potholed, and practically a washboard surface.  Vehicles can not decelerate normally on such rutted roads making  cy liable for accident damage.  This section needs to be repaved, yet for some reason  relatively smooth sections just north were redone (wh  side effect  messing up  signal timing for 3 months because  ground sensors were not available or  cy lacked  expertise to do  work).  Anor road where  entire portion should be an embarrassment to  cy and is an embarrassment to  communy.  's called "Scripps Ranch Blvd", and as a gateway to a neighborhood,  will ruin  cars that drive re.
Pot Holes
 c street road starting from 24th and up to 33rd street is really in bad shape and needs urgent re-surfacing. The same wh 30th and broadway that cars are swerving to avoid potholes. The damage is extensive and not fixed by patching temporarily  NEEDS A LONG OVERDUE RESURFACINGThank you
2 potholes
Porholes
Pothole in  corner  pringle and San Diego ave
Pot holes throughout Parkdale Ave between Mira Mesa Blvd and Flanders Drive. Road surface also in bad condion, multiple cracks and crumbled asphalt.
Street is dipping down on Home Ave traveling east bound by Menlo. Contact is james at 619-232-0458
Pothole middle lane
Multiple pot holes going east on Mariposa Place and Ava Street.
Pothole at 341 Sea Ridge Dr.
Potholes in  eastbound lane in  2700 and 2800 blocks  Grand Ave.
Potholes in both directions in  7100 block  La Jolla Blvd.
Pothole in eastbound lane
POTHOLES AT THE WHOLE INTERSECTION
Pothole
Entire street from 54th on Collier to Austin Drive is a mess.   Irregular, messy, grass growing in chasms that are 6-8 inches wide at points.
Eastbound Linda Vista, pothole between #2 lane and Goshen.
Multiple potholes
Big deep pothole about two feet long in center eastbound lane on curve
10428 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92124, USA to 9501-9569 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92123, USA.  Blvd is in need  repair, please repair  surface,  has missing pavement, cracks, potholes, etc.  Please patch  area now but put  on  list for resurfacing.  Badly need  repair. Damage is in both directions east and west. FORWARD to RESURFACING PLEASE
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
This pothole is now very large!  I reported  over a month ago!!  Fix  will ya?
Potholes!!! Many!!!
The metal cover for a utily acess is broken and metal pieces are sticking up and will damage tires.
Multiple pot holes at Curlew St & W Pennsylvania Av2nd Request - Tried  side street W Penn but y closed  request and did not repair:? Report Number: 00291868? Description: Multiple potholes.? Location: 365-499 W Pennsylvania Ave, San Diego, CA 92103, USA
Please fill a few cracks and potholes here please. Some large and wide enough
WESTBOUND BALBOA JUST BEFORE CANNINGTON MIDDLE LANE
Large deep pothole where Roselle meets  intersection at  freeway entrance.
Potholes
Rancho Bernardo Rd heading east between West Bernardo & Via Tazon.  Rectangular shape pothole.
HUGE reoccurring hole on Summerdale
Failed utily trench repair. Please ask contractor to fix ASAP!!!
Numerous potholes in westbound lane  Pomerado Road, Scripps Ranch. Begins approximately 0.2 miles east   intersection  Pomerado Road and Scripps Ranch Blvd.
Please fix all  potholes and uneven pavement on 54th St from Collwood up to Adams. Some sections have sunken in and 's bumpy
There are numerous potholes for  whole 2600 block  Boundary St.
The 3300-3400 blocks  Upas have numerous potholes.
This intersection has terrible potholes, specifically for traffic turning left from Shawline St onto Clairemont Mesa Blvd. I've lived in  area for almost 2 years and  intersection has been terrible since and has only gotten worse.
Several large cracks as large as 4 inches wide, supporting vegetation have migrated across  entire street.
Corner  omeara and dykes
Corner or 28th street and National Ave, San Diego, potholes on side  National and in intersection
pothole
There are lots  potholes, and as a motorcyclist, driving on  road is que dangerous for me.
street sunken at carmel creek and black mountain rd intersection.  both lanes.  dangerous for vehicles going speed lim  50 mph.  you could lose control   vehicle at that speed.
On Universy between 05th & 06th ifo bus stop on north side  street, depressions in street.
POTHOLE
REPAIR ALLEY, ASPHALT IS MISSING
Good afternoon. The length   street is loaded wh potholes and is scheduled for an overlay. This picture was from 11/19 and had been added to  street much earlier.  When is  supposed to happen?  Thank you.
On San Vicente St. in between Bonsall St. and Cardiff St. The whole road is riddled wh an un-even surface and many potholes.  is unsafe to  point where motorists have to swerve out   way to try and dodge  imperfections. Thank you for all  hard work and we look forward to a safer road.
Navaho Road, from  intersection to  top   hill in both directions, is developing track deterioration resulting in lines  potholes along  entire stretch  road.  Pieces  asphalt are loose and flying and I will get pretty upset if one damages my car or windshield.
EAST OF GENESSE @ SHOPPING CENTER DR - IN FRONT OF WELLS FARGO
4-5 potholes in road southbound on  block S Woodman St. toward 54W. Cross st is Alta View.
6th ave and universy f ramp from 163 south.  Pothole
POTHOLES ON MORENA BET BAKER & PAUL JONES
SEveral large and dangerous pot holes all along  block. Needs serious work before someone on a bike gets hurt.
Large potholes at stop sign  Moraga and Ecochee.
POTHOLE
Pothole in front  Ferguson's
This area is on a steep hillside and needs to be repaired in concrete not asphalt. I submted my first request in July 2017 only to have someone put a shovelful  asphalt into  depression which did not help at all. I re-submted  request for  3rd time on 10/16/2017 and received a message saying  was forwarded to  appropriate agency. The tracking number is 00246747. I sent and email jbutcher@sandiego.gov who was named as  person (?) or company responsible for handling . That was 4/5/2018. to date I have not received a reply. That is  reason for my resubmission   problem. Could someone please, please respond? Thank you.
SEVERAL POTHOLES W/B ON CARMEL MTN BET CAMINO DEL NORTE & HIGHLAND
Both Eastbound and Westbound  Poway Road between  15 Freeway and  border  Poway at about Iola Way is one giant obstacle course  potholes.
8935 Gold Coast Drive..pothole on  west bound side
8975 Gold Coast Drive ...pothole on  west bound side
There are 2 large potholes in  back alley directly behind 1824 David Street, San Diego 92111.  Please fill m before cars get damaged.
Very large potholes in left-hand lane just before turning lane
46th street between El Cajon Blvd and Norwood Street is  worse street I've seen in San Diego.  The West side is so torn up that cars intentionally drive on  wrong side   street in order to avoid possible damage to ir vehicle.  I myself have tripped on  rough asphalt when exing my parked vehicle.  In looking at previous Google Street Views,  appears  street has not been resurfaced/refreshed in 10 or more years.
Potholes everywhere
big pothole getting worse, damaging cars, unsafe
Pothole. There has been a pothole at  4-way stop for months. On Bacon and Brighton north/east bound lane
Cars & trucks thump over  day and night. Could use some asphalt.
There's a round metal cover inset into  intersection right by  yellow striped crosswalk. The cover is sunken,  not flush wh  asphalt, and  presents a hazard, particularly to bike riders. The location is toward Cabrillo Joint-use field but near  center   intersection.
LARGE P/H RESIDENTIAL 2 FT AROUND
Entire street full  potholes, also @ 2858, 2849, 2841, 2842, 2809  in middle  Street @ Beatrice & Lockford.  Suggest fill all potholes on street while you are re.
Pothole in middle  street 1.5 inches deep, series  cracks in middle/crest  street.
Sunset Ridge in Scripps Ranch is falling apart.  Please see attached pictures  sunset Ridge near Spring Canyon.  Many potholes and crumbling pavement.  Sunset Ridge was even featured on a Michael Turko segment on KUSI as one   worst streets in town.  My name is Rene Buck and and I am  SRCA District representative for  area that covers Sunset Ridge.  I have been getting complaints from  neighbors in my district about Sunset Ridge.  I walk that street on a regular basis and see just how bad  street really is.  Please contact me so I can inform  neighbors as to what action will be taken to correct  terrible suation.  I can be reached at seagypsy@san.rr.com.
I think I need a new alignment after  crater in  street
Many potholes in whole block, especially NB.
Between I-15 going west on Camino Del Norte over to Camino San Bernardo, re are numerous pot holes and ruts in  road which are really bad and numerous claims now against Cy  San Diego.  Very hazardous to drive  road.
repair on street is sinking deep.
Pothole
Pothole in alleyway, behind apartment parking.  Difficult to maneuver while turning into parking around and through hole

Big pavement  eruption on east side  cul-de-sac in front  driveway.  Blacktop is at least 1foot high in 2 spots
Big pot hole that is getting bigger as Poole drive through 
Pothole
The entire Talmadge Dr, including Short St. are in need  resurfacing. Not anor slurry seal, as most   surface has been built up to a point where re is ltle curb left showing, I'd call  a 4/10. Major portions   rest resemble many 3rd World countries I've vised.
Pot
Already reported, but  helps give perspective  how large  is and  concern  Property or personal damage  could cause
Potholes/asphalt damage on Easton court near church/pre school
 is not for a pothole, but re was no category for broken sprinkler spewing water into  air.re is a broken sprinkler in  area between  freeway on ramp and  Best Buy on  North East on ramp for  15 freeway from Carmel Mountain Road.  I see  regularly wasting water every morning on my way to work.  i don't know if 's cy property or private property but  has been wasting water for many weeks whout being fixed.
BAD POTHOLE
Many deep potholes at  intersection  Armstrong Street/Armstrong Place that need to be filled. Thank you.
Large pothole in  street, which caused  tire on my car to pop when I drove over .  As you can see in  picture,  tire was damaged on  sidewall, which occurred right as I drove over  pothole.  The damaged tire was not repairable, so I had to get  replaced.  I would appreciate reimbursement in  amount  $68.16 for  cost  replacing  tire.  tached are  images   pothole,  damaged tire, and  payment receipt  replacing  tire.  My address is PO Box 90224, San Diego CA 92169.  Thank you.
Potholes everywhere
Potholes everywhere
Potholes everywhere
Potholes
Pothole 18-24 inches wide and 5-6 inches deep.  has been repaired twice before.
There are two potholes in  middle   street   800 block  Sunnyside Avenue.
There are several pot holes up and down Klauber Ave. The ones I'm concerned about are in front  1666 Klauber Ave. Thank you.
Pothole
Numerous large and deep potholes under  5 overpass on Washington.  Entire area for blocks in every directions has badly damaged asphalt and potholes.  15 years and counting.
Pothole at  corner  Cardinal Rd. and Cardinal Drive.
left lane
Deep pothole at interection, drivers come close to hting or cars or parked cars trying to avoid .  Heavy traffic because s only one way in and out   neighborhood.
Large Pothole at Bus Stop area just West/North  Knoxville.
Pothole in  rightmost lane right on La Jolla Village Dr. heading East before  intersection between La Jolla Village Dr. and Lebon Dr.
The whole street is a mess = full  holes and cracks!!!
Going north on Reo Drive and Cumberland is a pothole.
Very uneven road on that intersection, on  east side  .
Whole right side   road in poor condion deep hole
Various potholes and obstructions causing poor street condions. in addion to pothole repairs  street should be evaluated for potential scheduling onto a repaving contract.

Big pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole right lane
The alley between Lincoln & Universy and Utah & Kansas block is a serious danger. Lots  holes, uneven pavement, etc.  's extremely dangerous walking through re, especially at night. I tripped once, and thankfully I wasn't hurt. But  potential for serious injury is pretty high. No one seems to care. Addionally people drive extremely fast. Speed humps would he a great idea
Entire street has pot holes. Asphalt chipped away and big chunks lay on street.
The 5300 block has never been done  cy only fills  potholes  whole street needs to be done along wh a sidewalk i?ve Lived here since 1989 please help
Bahia Vista Way Street is in terrible condion.
Significant dip on  east bound side  Carmel Valley. Dangerous at speed. There are a decent number  gouges in  road from front ends.
Multiple pot holes both side  street all  way to Genesee
Potholes up and down block
Nasty stretch  road, northbound number one lane just before  left hand turn pocket. Countless old patches have failed here- plainly visible even in  app's satelle view mode.
Large metal covering  hole in  road caused by construction but  is so loud when cars drive over ! Is re anything that can be done so that every time a car drives over  covering  isn't so loud? Everyone in  building in front   hears  banging clank when a car drives over  metal. I think 's just a matter  adjusting  metal covers. Thank you.
Several very large potholes!!!
Under  overpass for  94 is a rar substantial set  potholes and bumps that nearly jarred me f my motorcycle. Dangerous. Please pave.
Continually growing pothole
Potholes at  intersection. 's difficult to walk over and difficult to drive over.
Many potholes on Camino Del Rio North between Camino Del Este and Qualcomm Way/Texas St. especially near  I-8 freeway entrance.
Numerous large potholes and badly damaged asphalt in  intersection.  More than 200 reports over  past 2 years.
Pothole
Far left lane
The south bound Genessee bike lane from Mt Alifan to Marlesta is so bumpy that  is virtually unusable at anything but very slow speeds. Please redo  bike lane in  area to smooth  out and make  safe. Thanks!
pot holes and HUGE cracks all along Mesa Verde Park. please patch, or just repave  whole street from camino ruiz to black mountain.
Large pothole located in  middle   street on Acena Dr at  intersection  Acena Dr and Rancho Bernardo Rd.  Please repair.
The stretch  N Torrey Pines Road behind UC San Diego is full  numerous, large pot holes.
There are some serious potholes in  alley behind my fices.  Please repair.
Alley way in front on my garage. Reported  2 weeks ago. 's growing a lot! Not sure if 's a pipe underneath. But 's about to blow!  also damages my cars pulling into my garage.
Pot hole right by  stop sign
Repair hole in Street at 711 Armada Terrace, San Diego, CA, USA
Potholes
Left Turn Lane from Eastbound Friars to Frazee
Giant pothole just as you enter  alley f  Redwood St.
ALLEY BEHIND THIS ADDRESS  TO BE REDONE  MULTIPLE  CRACKS
WHOLE ALLEY NEEDS TO BE DONE MULTIPLE POTHOLES
1251 Seamaid ct .  San Diego Ca,  92154 had a repair for a leak on 4-11-18.  The pot hole repair was done incorrectly and sticks up and has a bump.  Requesting an addional repair to correct  issue,.
Pothole
POTHOLE A FEW FEET WIDE & LONG; MANY RESIDENTS HAVE TO DRIVE OVER IT AS IT EXISTS RIGHT OUTSIDE COMMUNITY GATE.
6111-6262 SEASCAPE   MULTIPLE POTHOLE
6066 Pothole.  Also suggest fill in or potholes that you see in viciny.
6112-6194 Winchester St. potholes, also please fill or potholes in viciny.
POTHOLE
Many deep potholes at  intersection  Cactus Road and Siempre Viva Road.
Long big cracking line along RivieraDr from Ingraham turn right to Riviera Dr.?
SOUTH BOUND  -  CARMEL MOUNTAIN RD  -  POT HOLE  IN  CENTER  LANEAT  RANCHO  CARMEL  DR    SIGNAL  LIGHT  INTERSECTION
Pothole
Potholes
Please repair  street/roadway that travels Camino Del Rio North, SD 92108. The roadway affected is between Mission Cy Parkway and Ward St. I have driven  commute for over 10 years. The road surface is getting worse, especially when  rains. There are holes and cracks that one has to dodge daily. I have previously reported  issue but to no avail. I see  or streets in Mission Valley that are repaired, but  one is avoided. This area is still part   Mission Valley in where home prices are rar high. Clean up is also needed near  trolley station (SD Mission De Alcala stop) as  homeless population constantly leave ir debris. Thank you for keeping our cy clean.
South bound lane near intersection  traffic light  Morena blvd and Morena blvd on-ramp from Balboa. Large pothole worsening. 's 1.5 ft across and 3-5 inches wide in places.
Numerous potholes in westbound lane  Pomerado Road beginning about 3/10ths  a mile before Scripps Ranch Blvd intersection and through  west end   intersection.
POTHOLE N/B
POTHOLE N/B
Broken pavement wh a number  potholes in  alleyway are making unsafe  surface for pedestrians
There is a huge and deep pothole right in  middle   street. This is going to do some serious damage to someone's vehicle.  Unless  cy wants to pay for damages to mine and or people's cars
There is a huge and deep pothole right in  middle   street.
There are a number  potholes through  entire alleyway that make  surface a  trip hazard for pedestrians
Large, tire and suspension busting bump running across  east half   street from  curb to  middle   road. Northbound cars veer all  way to  left to avoid.
Pavement around cement pad has subsided, leaving  sharp corners   cement rectangle as a hazard to tires and wheel alignment.

Several potholes on northbound Clairemont Dr between Hartford St and Burgener  Blvd. The largest and most dangerous is about 50-75 yds before Burgener.
Via Frontera is riddled wh potholes. This needs to be fixed!
This street's tarmac is incredibly damaged and I'm concerned about  damages that incur to my vehicle. Please Fix immediately.
Due to excessive traffic  3500 Block has numerous potholes see attached photos
A few big potholes on Clairemont Drive heading to Balboa near Clairemont Drive and Clairemont Mesa intersection.
Sink hole
Hole in road
Two potholes on eir side  our street, La Jolla Shores Drive, where  intersects Avenida de la Playa.  This is a "frontage" road directly east  La Jolla Shores Drive that goes by  same name.  The potholes on both west and east sides are over 8 inches deep and  road is que narrow, barely allowing one small car to pass at a time. The north end   ltle street was repaired after a storm drain project was completed in August 2017, but nothing was done to  end   street. The straw waddles you see are ones that were left at  south end   street in a pile.  I personally dragged m to  north end because after  rain  road becomes total mud, very slippery, and I fell once on .  The waddles only help a ltle, and as you can see, y are que saturated and flattened. They also don't reach to  end   pothole.
Huge pot hole still here dont close  unless ypu actually fix 
Huge pot hole still here dont close  unless ypu actually fix 
Number 1 turn lane from Euclid Ave to Market Street going north on Euclid
Huge pot hole still here dont close  unless ypu actually fix 
Huge pot hole still here dont close  unless ypu actually fix 
Huge pot hole still here dont close  unless ypu actually fix 
Street is getting pretty messed up wh potholes.
The road needs fixing due to potholes. There?s a gigantic pothole at  beginning   road which is invisible at first while taking a turn.
potholes near intersection on westbound side
In #3 westbound lane
Multiple square feet   road have been worn away on  street and have exposed cracking cement below. Significant pot holes will be created if se Aren't maintained.
Lots  potholes. Needs to be fixed.
Pot hole on euclid place busted my tires and scratched my rims.
Potholes along WB CMB in  #1 lane

Pothole just before  left turn lane
pothole
Many, many potholes along  northbound El Camino Real (right hand lane) between Quarter Mile Drive and Half Mile Drive.  I really believe  right hand lane between Quarter Mile and Half Mile probably needs to be completely re-paved.
P/H
The entire road (Boulder Lake Ave) from Navajo Rd, to Cowles Mountain Blvd. is full  countless potholes.  They have been patched numerous times- is like a patchwork quilt  asphalt.  These patches are like putting a bandaid on a broken arm.  The road needs to be repaved.   is  worst in  area, highly trafficked as  is  main road that connects Navajo and  neighborhood streets, and an embarrassment to San Diego.  I was told  would be repaved in 2017 and that obviously has not happened.
Pot holes down center  street

Our streets are very uneven and filled wh potholes from Encelia Drive to Brodaiea, Romero, and Country Club Drive. When will y be repaired ? This is a source  flat tires and wheels getting out  alignment .  Thank you , Lisa Casey
Huge pot hole on street
This is only alley in La Jolla that is not cemented.  Surveyors came out about a year ago and said  would be concreted.  Still not done.  Many deep pot holes on Bishops Lane between Kline and Silverado.When will  be repaired?
Pothole in east bound lane
Large pothole at corner  Meandro Dr and Meandro Rd
2 potholes across from  location. NW bound lane.
Big pothole on crosswalk  Willow Elementary School. Very dangerous for  kids and elderly who walk to and from school everyday!
Pot holes everywhere can you please fix  streets  beautiful San Diego.
Big hole in  street
Deep pothole in turning lane
Large pothole in  left turning lane  stop light in front  court house.
Multiple potholes in eastbound lanes  Clairemont Blvd near 805.
Going south. Below trolley bridge. Crater pothole at  intersection  Fairmount and Camino Del Rio N
Merrill Gardens at 2567 Second AVE is discharging huge amounts  water, and has for years.  This water runs 3 blocks down hill and pools at 1st and Laurel causing tremendous street damage.   This has been reported more than 50 times over  last few years.
two weeks back water district open a hole middle   road next to my location. When y left y did not close wh as fault. Now when you drive  h  cars.
Seven Oaks streets cracked, pot holed especially in  old and hilly areas. Acebo, Pasteral . Old pavement higher than cement curb edge, constantly cracking f and adding debris to streets and runf water. I believe  is a environmental hazard.
There are at least 25 potholes north and southbound on College Ave (Del Cerro Blvd to Interstate 8).
This is more than a pothole!  These are $Million Dollar Homes and  street seems like a ghetto.  Please fix as soon as possible -
There is a pot hole in between  left turn & right turn lane on Calle De Las Rosas,  pothole is on  right lane  traffic headed east towards  light at Calle De Las Rosas & Rancho Penasquos Blvd
Pothole on Rancho Penasquos Blvd going north from  Mobil gas station towards  Starbucks in  fast lane.
Multiple potholes on Poway Road going from Sabre Springs Parkway towards  Mobil gas station in  fast and middle lanes.
Potholes in lanes on Poway Road going east from Sabre Springs Parkway towards Springbrook Drive.
On Wednesday, April 11th, 2018, (from 2:30 pm to midnight) our neighbor reported a water leak in front  his home and  leak was found to be underground in front  our driveway.  The repair is now an eye sore, very bumpy wh loose gravel and markings throughout  cul-de-sac. We thought and were hoping that  job was not completed and  workers would have came back out to smoon, clean and used some type  asphalt repair to regain  beauty and appearance  our cul-de-sac.We are respectfully requesting to fix  uneven pothole we have been left wh and hoping our tax dollars can be put into use to complete  task.Feel free to contact us to discuss: Mr. & Mrs. Smh - 619-545-6020
Road path hole.  San Diego water I think is fixing  a couple  months ago and now  road that y open and closed have been going deeper.
From  address: 7250-7310 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92117 to 5604-5638 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111  This road needs to have  potholes repaired in both east and west directions.  Has cracks, pot holes, running in both directions please repair asap.
Potholes
Two pot holes located on  BLGP race route 4/28/18. Dangerous for riders. Thank you!

On BLGP 4/28 race route where racers take  corner.
2 holes where  cement is where la jolla ranch rd and la jolla scenic meet also in front  1540 la jolla ranch rd re is a big chuck  asphalt missing on shoulder
ASPHALT DAMAGE 3'X3'
Camino Santa Fe heading north from Miramar Rd, in  middle lane just past Corte Santa Fe-pothole
Crater sized pothole


huge cracks in road
Large, tire and suspension busting bump running across  east half   street from  curb to  middle   road. Northbound cars veer all  way to  left to avoid. 1305 29th St.  on 29th just north  A St.
Issue: Crack across street, 5?-6? wide, please fill.Constuent: Del Eads (spelling)Phone: 858-613-0070Address: 17753 Cumana Terrace, 92128
A part   5500 block  Mt. Acara was resurfaced  year due to a sewer project. The remaining portion   street needs patchwork and potholes to be filled.

2 LARGE POTHOLES AT INTERSECTION W/B

On c and 16th heading southbound, re is a major issue wh  road and cars are driving around  forcing m to move into oncoming traffic. 's been re for a few weeks now and looks like  could Cassie some issues in  future.
500 FT EAST OF INTERSECTION (W/B)  ABOUT 6 POTHOLES
P/HS ALL ALONG THE BLOCK
Hole in street in line wh traffic
pot hole is in  intersection  Ruffin Road and Aero Drive in  east bound lane
Cy crews did come to  street and repaired two   bigger holes in  asphalt. The street remains a hazard to pedestrians, bike riders, kids on scooters, etc.  I do not feel  is possible to just patch  road as  is too far gone. My understanding from Neighbors that are original owners is that  street has never been repaved.  My two kids continue to fall in  street after having ir bike and scooter tires get stuck in  cracks. I hope  issue is resolved before a more serious injury occurs, wher  is one  my kids that falls or one   elderly neighbors.
Potholes in  southbound lanes  West Washington St under  Interstate 5 overcrossing.
On March 27, 2018 a new layer  asphalt was installed on Cayote Avenue, San Diego. After  work was completed I noticed that an area adjasent to 13044 Cayote Avenue was left wh poor qualy  pavement.  looks like  workers ran out  materials. So,  area is apoximately 4.5ft by 56ft, wh multiple ltle holes that start to dreak down.  Every day I see ltle pieces  asphalt pebels on my driveway. The pavement condion on  described above area, was in much better shape prior to  re-installation, than after  new asphalt was installed.
The street in front  my property and next door, 6275 Lake Lucerne Drive, is crumbling and several inches below  asphalt. The gravel part   roadway is showing through and weeds are growing in  every week.  has been  way for several years. We had our sewer upgraded in 2016. A letter was sent to all homeowners in  area.  stated  roads would be repaired after  all  sewer upgrade was complete, in March 2017. Nothing has been done in our neighborhood.
There is a person hole cover in  middle   street. On  north side   cover a sinkhole has developed that is several inches deep. Tires h  hole and go down several inches. When  rains  also collects water.
Big hole in center westbound lane before  intersection.
issues on Via de la Valle- east  5 ( cross street San Andreas Dr).  * Potholes and uneven damaged roads * uneven faded lane markings which  creates enhanced traffic congestion due to drivers trying to figure out lanes * Creates dangers for Pedestrians and bikers * no marked bike lanes ( Bikers are everywhere)
Pothole like transion due to maintenance access door or similar placed in right lane. This causes more road noise than a Pothole and does more damage to vehicle than a road wh  much traffic should.
Massive pothole forming  on NW corner  intersection in front  MTS Bus Stop
Huge pothole in right westbound lane just before  intersection.
Potholes at/near intersection  Pomerado and Avenida Magnifica.  Several furr east on Pomerado too.  Fill m all please.
Deep pot hole damaging tires
Pothole
Asphalt completely broken up and loosely fted back into  street surface. pothole is about 14 inches by 10 inches on Lister Street between Erie St. and Frankfort St. right at  beginning   alley. This location is in Bay Park.
Pothole
There are multiple potholes on Ivy Street between 30th and Dale.  Several  m measured 3 to 4 inches deep by 2 feet long and 8 inches wide.  This section is worse than driving in a third world country.
Pothole on  road in front   park. Street was recently paved but re was an uneven section that has sunken and created a pothole.
We recently placed a request to come and fill some very dangerous pot holes on  1 lane highway and some were filled but re are still que a few  m on  road and  is very dangerous.  Can you please send someone out to fill  holes?Thank you
Pothole
Potholes
potholes
cracks & potholes that splashes water when cars drive through, especially when cars are speeding through. Please fill, repave  street, or install speedbumps
Pothole on sidewalk
Pothole
pothole
Reported  4 times last year.  This road,  whole road has caused so much damaged to cars.  This road is used so much wh schools, to and from work.  The whole road need resurfaced ASAP.  My taxes need to be used for .  Gold Coast DR.

also Asphalt potholes 5000  block Genesee Ave  North Bound  East lane
About 2 feet long and less than 1 foot deep pothole on east side   street close to  intersection  Via Espana and Avenida Chamnez
Numerous potholes again on bridge
Potholes
Pothole getting bigger daily
Potholes at Texas and I-8
Bad pothole at 5402 Drover Drive, SD 92115... dangerous because located where cars turning right cannot see, and many rush stop sign
Potholes
Pothole
Please fix pothole in  middle   street.
8-12" DIAMETER; SEVERAL INCHES DEEP POTHOLE
BUMPY AREA CAUSED DAMAGE TO VEHICLE
3 potholes about 20 yds apart. Eastbound CMB on  #1 lane, over left wheel track.Each about 2' in diameter.
30' long crack across eastbound CMB at intersection  Santo Rd.  is 6 inches wide.
Lots holes in  street needs to be fix. Thank you
Up to 4" deep hole in front  driveway, looks like  was once a manhole getting larger.                                    ;                               '
Pothole on NB Health Center Dr.
Large pothole 6 inches deep and 8 feet across
Potholes down  whole alley
Pot hole in  middle   street
Potholes on Sherbrooke St. SD 92139
MISSING PLATE, OPEN TRENCH. BTWN ROLANDO CT & ART ST
There are multiple very large and deep potholes along  southbound side  Carmel Mountain Road between Camino Del Norte and Highland Ranch Road.  There are so many potholes, cars are swerving to avoid m increasing  chances  an accident and possible personal injury.  This stretch is one   worst in  area, right up re wh Rancho Carmel Drive which is being repaired now.
Horrible & Dangerous Road Condions
Dangerous Road Condions Next to Main School Entrance
Rough Road Causing Vehicle Damage
Busy Street Desperately Needs Repair
Pothole/possible sinkhole. Can see under pavement into empty space.
Large pothole here and several all along harbor drive
Large pothole at entrance to Serra High School going southbound on Santo Rd. In right lane at left wheel posion on car.
Pothole going east on Aero Dr right at  1st Ruffin Rd intersection (I think police station is re). In  right lane but on left wheel side  car

Pothole in  middle  intersection. Outer left turn lane going south to east hs .  has been re for a while, circled by whe paint. Does that mean  is going to be fixed? Been like  for over a year.
Pothole on street heading north
Pothole going up hill eastbound
Pothole eastbound lanes
The asphalt is gone next to our driveway and  area is being eroded exposing  ground below,  The cul de sac also is affected
Two potholes a few feet apart located in  center lane before intersection. Each one is more than a foot in diameter.
Large pothole on A street near 9th ave as u head toward  163
The patch work done on  huge pothole was done very poorly and needs to be flattened and done more even. (Can easily cause damage to cars)
A pothole at  intersection  Broadway and 30th St. is causing people to navigate around  into  oncoming left-hand turn lane. Asphalt has deteriorated around concrete slab in  road creating a hazardous pothole

Potholes lining along  school heading in both directions.
This stretch  road on 28th St. is torn up and extremely bumpy to drive on.  is so bumpy I am forced to drive below  speed lim  25 mph in order to avoid damaging my vehicle.
Large pot hole on  ebd   on ramp.
Rough road and pot holes along  road on gold coast drive.
Pothole at  intersection   Cardinal Road and Cardinal Drive

Sink holes
Potholes
LARGE POTHOLE, GETTING BIGGER & ASPHALT BREAKING APART
LARGE POTHOLE, GETTING BIGGER & ASPHALT BREAKING APART
Folks,Nothing was repaired for 17348 to 17331 Francisco Dr.report number  00290611  was CLOSED yet zero work completed.  These Pot holes/ Asphalt damage are  20 inches X  15 in. by 4 in. Deep.SURE COULD use some help here. ( please)
Pothole in  east bound lane  Clairemont Drive just west   intersection wh Hartford Street
Pot hole in  northbound lane  Mt. Acadia blvd, several houses north  Via Bello.
Torrey Pines Rd and Pottery Park Dr. The ex from  condo complex has a large dip which caused insured to scrape  bottom  her car as she pulled out  complex.
There are pot holes on Madera Street that need to be filled/repaired.
THE WEST EDGE OF INTERSECTION
Potholes on  entrance to 5 south freeway
Harbor Drive and front and n on towards  Hyatt (Market)They are super deep and well on ir way to becoming craters.
5 inches deep and 12 inches in diameter; south   intersection
Large pothole between 8929 and 8949 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, third lane, between front  McDonald's and Bank  America
POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
Pothole in  NW quadrant   intersection  32nd St. at Dwight St. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.
Pot hole in  center   road  Aero Drive and Ruffin Road south by  police station 2 inches deep and 9 inches across
Pot holes in front  driveway at  address, in report.
They just patched up  street from a water line that broke. The patched street is horrible. They need to redo  surface and at least make  flat.  looks like y just dumped out  asphalt and barely spread  around.
WB Lane  Pomerado at Scripps Ranch BLVD. NW Corner  intersection.
EB Lane  Scripps Lake Drive, East  Red Cedar
WB Lane  Scripps Lake Drive, East  Brooktree Terrace. CAR LENGTH POTHOLE
WB Lane  Scripps Lake Drive, East  Brooktree Terrace.
WB Lane  Scripps Lake Drive, East  Brooktree Terrace.
Going west (heading to Sandrock Rd)  right lane oppose  canyon fence. Pothole starting
Multiple potholes. Small but in posion to cause damage to cars.
The entire street is in terrible condion since  cy did work over a year ago.  I was told  was to be repaired.  What is  delay.  When is  street scheduled for resurfacing?
Patch job is terrible and will cause damage to cars
SEC  intersection has a pothole
Once again,  patch job on Torrey Meadows (92129) is terrible.  Not even at all.  Please correct!!!
Please patch pothole heading west on intersection between Gold Coast and Saluda
Pothole in front   house.
Kleefield Avenue between Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Bannock Avenue has a bunch  potholes.  is between a church and an elementary school, so gets a bunch  traffic.
Pothole a risk to pedestrians and cars
ONE LARGE POTHOLE & ANOTHER POTHOLE GETTING BIGGER
REALLY BAD POTHOLE W/B ON SAN ANSELMO
Potholes
Intersection and surrounding areas are filled wh potholes and badly damaged asphalt
18 Inch pothole in mid intersection.
Pothole
Pothole forming in  middle  WB Imperial Ave amidst  alligator cracking.
Growing pothole. Chunks  asphalt on  road.
Pothole (now 2) but one located closer to  east entryway
Hole in street you can put both hands in WATER    in hole and is hollow surrounding. immediate danger in my opinion for people to drive on
Multiple, repetive potholes due to standing water.
Potholes
Pothole
Badly damaged asphalt and more than 10 large potholes at  intersection.  2 years and counting.
Pothole
Start  pothole before light
There are many potholes along  block  Convoy between Dagget Street and Opportuny Road, especially in front  Pokirro and along  center median that needs to be filled ASAP.
Pothole needs to be repaired per un 1927 from water department.
RFR TO ST STANDBY TO 11-11 POSSIBLE SINKHOLE IN ST.
East end  Summerdale Rd. 92126
in front  house
big pothole in middle  street. neighbors put blue t shirt in hole so drivers not ruin ir cars.
multiple chunks out  asphalt. street is shattered. not paved in 20 years.
These pop out and re's a big hole underneath. Please fill !
Bike lane in both directions has hazardous longudinal cracking that could catch bicycle tires and cause a crash. Also on  parts  Linda Vista in  area where on-street parking is permted  bike lane is striped immediately in  door zone. Door zone bike lanes are dangerous and negligent facilies and should be removed. Just  week in Burbank a bicyclist was killed from riding in a lane identical to se ones in  door zone.http://www.latimes.com/socal/burbank-leader/news/tn-blr-me-bicyclist-fataly-20180417-story.html
The water meter lid for  home is missing and a very dangerous hole is re . Busy walking area
I'm asking again: CAN YOU PLEASE FIX AND PATCH 2 DEEP CRATER POTHOLES GOING SOUTH ON COLLEGE AVE? They have never been properly filled and y kept becoming potholes again
Pothole right in before  curve on College Avenue northbound. Can cause a car accident by swerving to avoid.
The street was resurfaced from Streamview to Universy Avenue after some pipe work, but a year later  pavement turned out into dozens  potholes. Please fix
Large hole that everyone swerves around into  adjacent lane.
Potholr
Pothole #2 lane  westbound Navajo. In front  Chase Bank.
GIGANTIC BEND YOUR RIM TYPE POTHOLE! PLEASE FIX ASAP!! Roughly mid block.
Pothole
Several potholes in front   San Carlos Post Office.
While crossing  street in  crosswalk she stepped in a hole and fell.  Crossing at s/e corner.

Eastbound, middle lane, one large pothole.  In cy lims.

Eastbound, 0.1 miles west  I-15, right lane but NOT  southbound I-15 turning lanes.   Square pothole
Pothole in  left lane near  Mobil gas station
Eastbound Scrippts Poway Rd, middle lane, BIG pothole
A long pothole between North bound lanes in  cross walk. Catches tires pulling  car to one side.
MULTIPLE POTHOLES ALONG THE STREET
33rd & Dwight. Uneven and broken asphalt and concrete caused him to fall on 11/4/17.  Gutter area in front  3604 33rd Street.
2 potholes at  address
Many deep potholes on Pomerado road westbound
Intersection  Grand Ave and Ingraham St. In front   north bound Ingraham st lanes.
pothole in street about 3 yards from curb.
potholes, damage where street meets  curb near  hard right turn on el camino del Teatro. been reported before but nothing has been done yet.
pothole in  street at 3200 horton ave. This has been an ongoing problem for  past three or four years. All  needs is some asphault filler next to  water meter.
Alligator holes
Multiple potholes
Alligator holes
Alligator holes
Alligator and pothole
Multiple Large and jarring potholes
Pothole
Multi alligator holes
Pothole
Sinkhole
Alligator holes
Rise in pavement
Pothole
Patch failed
Pothole
Multiple potholes
Alligator and major holes
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Alligator pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potential
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Alligator and potholes
EASTBOUND & WESTBOUND MANY, MANY POTHOLES,  PLEASE REPAIR ASAP
Pothole
Alligator cracks and holes
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes and alligator cracks
Pothole

There are many potholes between  address listed and Pomerado Rd. Some are que large.
Pothole
Pothole
SHIFTED STEEL PLATES , HAZ  PER GRAHAM  W/ FIELD ENG
There are several deep potholes at  location that have been here for several years. They damage cars !!! Help us !!!
3 POT HOLES IN FRONT OF  ADDRESS
There are a lot  potholes, way too much potholes.
Sunset Ridge in Scripps Ranch (92131) .  The first 150 ft south  Spring Canyon is destroyed.   is dangerous!  Please fix  road!!!  I was promised in 2012 that  would be fixed in 2014.   What's going on??
I would like to report numerous potholes down Acheson st. All  streets near Acheson have been laid wh fresh asphalt. When will  street be fixed? The potholes, extreme dips in  street, and broken asphalt are wrecking our cars.


A lot  potholes all over  road.
Underlying cement is raised up about 3 or 4 inches. Safety hazard for bikes and pedestrians.
200 FT SOUTH FROM INTERSECTION . AROUND THE STOPLIGHT BEFORE YOU GO OVER THE BRIDGE . 4-5 LARGE POTHOLES . CUST SAYS HE HAS CALLED MULTIPLE TIMES
POTHOLES
Two potholes on Arillo St.  Huge and getting bigger.  First is when you first turn in and second is rounding  loop turn.
Pothole doesn't describe  hole. 's about 12x8 inches ovular shape and at least 6 inches deep. The damage any tire driving through , who doesn't realize 's re is severe. And I've seen near accidents from people turning right from  center   lane to avoid  and those coming up on  right. 's dangerous and jarring. 's been here for que sometime and nobody seems to do anything about fixing . After dark, 's a hazard for all pedestrians.
Pothole is pretty bad
Potholes and uneven pavement  dntire length  Afton St.  south  Aero Drive
Badly deteriorated road
Pothole approximately 3 feet by 2 feet on eastbound Voight Drive after crossing bridge spanning I-5.  Old patch repair is failing. Pothole is adjacent to entrance to UCSD Parking Lot 701, near  Baseball Field.
This street is full  pot holes and needs to be repaved. This was reported back in January 2018.
Pothole in left turn lane
Pot low at intersection
Pothole
WESTBOUND
WESTBOUND  MULTIPLE POTHOLES
S/B VALETA ST
Large raised pot hole.
Multiple pot holes at  intersection  Mt. Blanca and Mt. EverestWest facing Mt Blanca.Already reported on 00298410 which for some unknown reason was closed wh no work being done. These potholes are getting bigger.
Very large pothole and badly damaged asphalt at  intersection
Large potholes
Potholes
Large potholes and damaged asphalt for more than a mile on  street.
Lifted asphalt trip hazard. There is a lot  foot traffic due to church. Side  church
Several potholes in  Southbound #2 lane  S. Woodman St from Alta View Dr to SR 54.
POTHOLE CAUSED BLOWN TIRE. E/B NEAR AVA ST
Spl in road is heaving and buckling pavement as cars drive by.
Pothole at intersection  Mount Aguilar and Mount Albertine; would  be possible for Mount Albertine to be repacked altoger?
Pothole in front  3995 Mount Albertine Ave; could Mount Albertine Ave be repacked altoger?
Pothole along curb infront  Miguel Cocina. Please fix asap as Cinco de Mayo people trip in  hole
Pothole along curb. People trip in . Please fix asap as Cinco de Mayo is coming up.
Boundary St between Lincoln Ave and 32nd St has one   worst asphalts I have ever seen.  The entire road is filled wh potholes, completely torn up and grinded to rubble and dirt in most places, large cracks everywhere.  This road is in exceptionally poor condion and desperately needs a repaving.
Damage to road from power line contractor/heavy equipment
All streets in our neighborhood are scheduled for slurry . But not my street.Why not?
Dangerous biking on 28th from Imperial to  94.
Saw cuts, cracks, holes... trip hazard...never fixed after project.
Pothole is back again...please fix again- and for good.  ridiculous that  has been repaired 3 times and  still comes apart weeks after.
See Issue 00316632 (closed). You should have not closed  issue. Your evaluation is in error. The street in  viciny   railroad tracks is in terrible condion and wears on  suspension  every car that crosses .  has been  way for at least a decade.
Our entire street looks terrible. Surrounding streets are being repaved, but not ours.
Pothole & raised rippled asphalt in  #1 N/ B lane at intersection wh Townsgate Dr
pothole on right lane at traffic le Aero Drive and Ruffin - before  san diego Police department  Traffic
Alley street has a huge sinkhole area.  I tripped on  today, please fix asap
Huge. Needs repair. Madison from 37th to 38th needs repair.
Bad street from 37th to 38th.  Real bad.
Horrible street from 37th to 38th. Needs repave.
Horrible potholes on long stretch  28th. Commercial to 94
Pothole directly in front  my driveway.   ?s getting worse and may damage our cars as we back up.
These asphalt trucks are ruining  street.
They come by here every 8 min.
This is ironic. Asphalt trucks ruining  street.
Please fix  street. You have been paving all around here anyway.  is Sunday and y are coming by here every 8 min.
Southbound on Qualcomm Way re is a sunken pothole in second lane from left just before  intersection wh Camino de la Reina.
A series  potholes in NB right lane  Ingraham Street at Grand Avenue.  In front  Wendy's
The pavement is deteriorated so badly/ unraveled  that  Asphalt rocks are all over  driveway and having to sweep  constantly, also  street is so noisy from  ruts,  section is badly in need  a grind & pave to save  subgrade from getting totally damaged, water gate valves are making noise also when cars are going over m.
uplift  asphalt from tree roots. in  shade..real hazard for cyclists. been re for years and getting worse.  40' away is a series  holes from erosion   asphalt. My property and 2 ors near us conjoin in  low spot and all runf eats up  intersection.  All  us have reduced runf to very ltle but some day  runf from  3  us joins into one stream.
Broken water meter cover
Poway rd. Driving East. Easy   15 freeway before Sabre Springs Parkway.
East aero drive
Lots  potholes
Lots  potholes
Lots  potholes
This end   alley is a huge hazard!  We were promised  would be fixed in 2016 but people are still tripping & falling on  uneven pavement.
Eastbound Harbor Dr. Just east  intersection wh Lanning Road, left lane Tire Eating pothole!
Pothole in  number 1 lane, northbound side in front  planned parenthood
Road condion very bad on  left turn lane - from Clairmont mesa blvd ( going West ) to Complex Street - in front on Bank  America. Road is very uneven - pot holes on  Left Turn lane - https://goo.gl/maps/TU57aqhN7J62   or https://www.google.com/maps/@32.83152947544576,-117.13438873109078,13z?hl=en-US&gl=US
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS 2-3' POTHOLE  AT THE INTERSECTION. EAST BOUND CENTER LANE ON N HARBOR DR
The latest patch installed after  flooding last week in front  4125 West Point Loma, is sinking, creating sharp edges that are rough on vehicles. Addionally,  neighboring complex, The Cabana, has noticed a huge increase in  amount  building shaking when large vehicles pass by. We are concerned about sinkhole activy.
potholed
Small pothole on  Norast corner  Ohio St & Madison Ave . . . . .   top   f ramp from 805
Pothole on onramp took I-5
Really causing issues for passing cars
Intersection  Cam Ruiz and Mira Mesa in fast left lane heading east on Mira Mesa 2' x 6" pothole
Large dip in crosswalk. Contact is Lori at 619-441-3944
NB lane  Ingraham has nasty rut in right lane at Garnet Ave.  Near Norast corner pedestrian crossing
Several large potholes and huge pieces   road on wing street in one area.
Several large potholes on wing street. Large chunks   road are on  street as well.
Huge rocks and potholes in one area on wing street. Near an apartment driveway.
potholes near driveway
Cement damage
P/H IFO 40 MPH SIGN
S/B  IN FRONT  OF ADDRESS,  HUGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF 2005 VESTA ST
Potholes in  gutter/street along Via Posada near  back   Dan McKinney Family YMCA
Decent sized pothole in  middle   street on Scenic Place
South east corner  second and island  asphalt is caving in
From  point on College Ave to Del Cerro Blvd,  pavement is potholed in both directions and in both lanes.
The new asphalt is cracked and uneven in several places.
Northbound Nobel Drive at  intersection   805 north f-ramp, re are potholes on Nobel Drive.
Particles through out in  middle   intersection continually getting worse
Pothole at  intersection  Mission Bay Dr. and Garnet.
TWO POTHOLES HERE!
I want to thank You for fixing  Rancho Carmel Drive!  :)
Corner  Capricorn Way in Polaris Southwest side
This is  second time we have reported  issue. The first time we also reported a raised sidewalk along wh se cracks in  ally. The sidewalk was repaired right away but you "closed"  ticket for  repair saying completed!!! We would like to have  taking care  as  is as hazardous as  raised sidewalk. If unable to repair we would like to know why!!!!!
There was a water leak right at  junction  Scripps Poway Pkwy and Scripps Highland and road was dug up and later filled wh tar. Tar was not compressed and now re is a big drop as you drive over .
Pothole in street.
Many potholes
Pothole in street
Many potholes
On 3/15-16, Trojan was resurfaced. By 3/18, 3 dips/holes were visible on  stretch between E. Overlook and W. Overlook Drive. Now you can see rocks, dirt and sand! The road still has temporary centerline "tag" markers. This seems to be very poor qualy construction methods/materials. As taxpayers we would like to see our money better spent.
Pothole in  intersection
re are two big potholes on  street  Myrtle Avenue and 46th Street
large pothole on in middle  intersection  cardinal road and cardinal street.
Manhole not properly raised up
SEVERAL POTHOLES AROUND THE SCHOOLS SURROUNDING STREETS
Pothole
Large potholes on eastbound side  street, wh water coming from holes. Street was recently repaved
Roadway in very bad shape. Alligator cracking and numerous potholes make  unsafe for cyclists.
Deep potholes, cracks and uneven payment on both sides Division Street from 61st to Harbison
When is  cy going to fix Washington street from India to pac hwy? These are train tracks going nowhere, just making bumps in  road
This is a pothole next to a train track that is no longer used. When is  cy going to fix Washington street from India to pac hwy?
I'm at  Chinese Bible Church  San Diego.  We have two driveway entrances to  parking lot  our building.  There are actually several potholes on  eastbound lane  World Trade Drive (all near  center left turn lane), including two large ones....one to  west  our west driveway entrance, and  or just west  our east driveway entrance.  The or pothole locations are furr east on World Trade Drive, but in  same lane and close to  center left turn lane.
P/HS ALONG BLOCK HEADING TOWARD EUCLID
p/hs along st
Pothole
sinkhole forming in st/believes is hazard
Going south on Rosecrans, as you cross Upshur, re is a dip in  road for flood control.  When  section  Rosecrans was repaved last year,  new pavement is 1 inch higher than  concrete drain, creating a speed bump which is not good for cars.  The new inch is in addion to  existing dip.  The new 1 inch needs to be grinded f to create a gradual transion, not an abrupt lip.
Big hole left lane
Big deep pothole center eastbound lane
Deep hole right in bike lane. 's an accident waing to happen, and soon.
Birchcreek Road, Adonis Ct., Basso Ct., Golfcrest Dr.  These street are horrible, y really need resurfacing.  They not only look terrible but are hard to ride on.  Adjacent streets, such as Mellotte, was done years ago but n  Cy stopped.  This is  second request, please try and put  on your schedule.  Thank you
Northbound Brannia Blvd. at Airway Road, a huge pothole is in  intersection
Few potholes at turn entering ramp
Westbound La Jolla Village Drive at Towne Centre Drive at  beginning   median,  Keep Right sign is missing. This is my second time reporting .
south bound
sink hole started. asphalt subsided over 1ft. can see into deep black hole below street
There are two potholes in  westbound lanes  Del Diablo Way, just west  Del Diablo Street.
REFERRED FROM WTR DEPT FOR LARGE POTHOLECONED OFF.  REF W/O #20200022968
Two potholes on Maturin about 100 feet apart.
9050 Gold Coast Drive..west bound lane pothole
8975 Gold Coast Drive...west bound lane ..pothole
8935 Gold Coast Drive...west bound lane... pothole
Tons  potholes on Clairemont Mesa Blvd between Shawline and Rufner.  Westbound direction.
roots cracking road been like  for years!
Pothole on corner  Camino Del Norte and I-15 southbound on ramp.
Crosswalk again  crosswalk needs immediate attention  is extremely unsafe for students
This whole street looks like 
Oleander drive is a mess. Tons  potholes and ridges
Pothole
Pothole that is as wide as a car tire and about a yard long.  This cul-de-sac ends at  back gate to Crawford High School and is heavily used by students and staff.
There are multiple potholes and long cracks along Gold Coast Drive on  intersection  Gold Coast Drive and Gold Coast Drive. Please repave Gold Coast Drive from Camino Ruiz to Black Mountain. Has not been repaved since s 6/1/1988 (almost 30 years ago!). Break  down into a couple segments if that makes  easier for you. PLEASE DO IT.
There are multiple potholes and long cracks along Gold Coast Drive on  intersection  Gold Coast Drive and Lipscomb. Please repave Gold Coast Drive from Camino Ruiz to Black Mountain. Has not been repaved since s 6/1/1988 (almost 30 years ago!). Break  down into a couple segments if that makes  easier for you. PLEASE DO IT.
Hole on  asphalt undermanning  bridge by  bike lane
MISSION POINT  PARK   STREET  ENTRANCE   -   PARKING  LOT  ALSO   -  SEVERAL  DEEP  POT  HOLES  CROSS  ST   -   MISSION  BL  -  SOUTH  END
POWAY  RD   -  EXCESSIVE  POT  HOLES   -  STARTING  AT  THE  POWAY  LINE  AT  IOLA  WAY   TO   SABRE  SPRINGS  PARKWAY   -  MOSTLY  TRAVELING  POWAY  RD  WEST  BOUND.    CENTER  ROAD  LANE  AREAS  AND  ALSO  POWAY  RD  TRAVELING  EAST  BOUND  FROM  THE  FREEWAY  I-15.   DEEP  HOLES  THROUGHOUT.    SOME  WERE  DONE  NOT  TOO  LONG  AGO  -   MISSED  MANY  MORE.
Large pothole in street difficult to drive around to avoid hting. Many cars run over pothole
GARNET  AVE  AT  MISSION  BAY  DR   -  SIGNAL  LIGHT  INTERSECTION  -  EAST CROSS WALK AREA  -  SEVERAL  POT  HOLES.
LARGE POTHOLE IN ALLEY
Pothole on framp from I5 northbound  to 52 eastbound
Massive potholes throughout road. Please repair
Name: Megan Cromp      Email Address: megan.cromp@gmail.com      Phone Number: (999-999-9999)      Subject: Ocean Beach: Bacon Street      Comment or Question:      Hello,      I live on Cape May Ave and Bacon Street in Ocean Beach and drive      on Bacon Street everyday.  is riddled wh potholes and have a      crack running up and down each side   street, which is      unavoidable when driving. I was wondering if re are any plans      to replace  road sometime soon? I did just see workers      drilling f  bike lane symbols but wasn?t sure what that      was for.      Thank you,      Megan
POTHOLE/TIRE DAMAGEDS/B 100 YARD NORTH OF CHRETIEN CT 12160-12299 ESCALA DR
There is a large pothole at  curb in front  my home. There are several potholes on  block (3500 block  Herman Ave. in North Park.
There are 2 large potholes on  westbound side  GOLD COAST DRIVE. There are also 2 small potholes on  eastbound side. This is a very busy road as well as an emergency vehicle thoroughfare. We are concerned that  could cause someone to lose control  ir vehicle.
Come on.  Fix se and stop closing requests until you do
This has been deteriorating since I have lived here. That's 4+ years  just getting worse. You have to drive over  right spot on  road so your car doesn't dip hard into a pothole.
Issue: road condion is unserviceable. Ruling: please pave.Multiple bumps and pot holes make  loud, jarring, and damaging to vehicles/motorcycles
too Many potholes in  street
Early pothole. Getting larger.
pothole that might turn into a sink hole
Pothole in  middle   street
The entire street needs to be repaved not just  potholes.  The street is so bad; uneven surface and feels like driving on a rough road.
There are many potholes along Sheridan Ave. between Sunset Blvd. and St. James,
There are 2 potholes about 20 feet from each or. These potholes are located at  intersection  Otay Mesa Road and Airway Road, in  92154 area.
Royal Oak Dr. between Sears Ave. and Greenlawn Dr.Street needs repaving, ps and potholes throughout.
4 to 5 potholes on Margerum near  intersection.
Pothole in  number 1 lane heading eastbound
This intersection could use some help. Asphalt is dilapidated at  gutter.
Potholes at  edge   concrete

Pavement thoroughly cracked and potholes forming.
Large east bound
2 feet deep and 2 feet wide and very dangerous
Massive 8' pot hole
A few deep potholes on WB Clairemont Mesa past  vons shopping center. They are in  left lane, where  car's left wheels would h. About 3 inches deep each
Significant dip in Asphalt in left turn lane on Limerick Avenue.  has formed in  past week
Potholes!!!
Potholes in  section some very deep.
Large pothole just East   intersection. Thank you!
Right in front   bus stop


From: Marx, Gloria [mailto:Gloria.Marx@sdcounty.ca.gov] Sent: Tuesday, April 24, 2018 2:10 PMTo: TSW Street Service <Street_Service@sandiego.gov>Subject: Potholes - Otay Mesa Rd & Sanyo Ave Constuent: Ramon MerazPhone: 619-571-7571Issue: Otay Mesa Rd & Sanyo Ave  - lots  big potholes, lots  jagged edges, road needs to be worked on. We confirmed that  was not part   County maintained portion.Gloria MarxOffice Support SpecialistDepartment  Public Works, Transportation Division
pothole in  middle   turning intersection,  has chip away and started to get larger and deepercorner  cardinal dr and cardinal road
There is a large pothole before  stop sign.  is located in  right lane where tires on  left side   car drive over .
Pothole in  right lane after  intersection.
My street is a disaster, please take a look.  2 years now since  was torn up.  Why pay taxes?
Patch hole, Patch Sink.
PATCH HOLE, PATCH SINK
From 28th street to Sigbee  concrete pavement has sunk in some areas leaving a 4i-6 inch drop, extremely dangerous for motor cycle riders and bikes, Various pot hole and concrete
Deep pothole on westbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd whin 18" from median (#1 lane) and approximately 200-300 feet east  Antigua Blvd. This pothole is approximately 10" wide by 12-14" long.  appears when driving by to be maybe 3" deep. I h  today at about 35-40 mph because I didn't see  in time.I do not have any photos to upload.
Missing /broken and exposed utily box. Please fix ASAP @ 2004 31st St.
re is two huge potholes on Irving Ave right before you get to  stop sign at  Cesar Chavez cross street
Scott street between talbot and harbor drive was recently repaved however  contractor did not reset water line and manhole to  new paving height creating divots/potholes.  Doesn't anyone form  cy approve  contractors work before signing f.  How stupid to repave but save a few dollars but creating damaged wheel and tire claims.

Pothole in  middle   street. Please fill.
We have a large  3" deep pothole as well as a variety  ors on Cork Pl, between Diane Ave and Arlene Ct.
Multiple potholes at bus stop
4" inch deep hole in concrete
Entire road!
Pothole getting larger
Pothole getting larger
Bigggg pothole
Antigua southbound, at Apple Tree intersection. Pothole as illustrated in pix.
Clairemont Mesa Boulevard, westbound, number one lane. Three potholes spaced about 20 yards apart running over  left wheel section   lane.
Two fairy deep potholes near intersection
Few potholes near curb
Lots  potholes
Terrible patch work done and is causing damage to cars
Large pothole  corner  Cardinal Road and Cardinal Drive.
2 potholes at  souastern corner  La Jolla Blvd and pearl street
since you just close pothole requests whout fixing m I have no or option but to start opening new requests daily until you do your job and fix  unacceptable street. As a taxpayer to you  is your responsibily to maintain cy streets a. d clearly you are not doing that
apologies for last request.   address should be 3112 Loma Riviera Drive
This pothole spans  length on  northbound right lane  Sorrento Valley Road. The edges are extremely sharp. I drove over  on 04/23 and got a severe puncture in my front left tire. When I brought in my car for new tires,  became evident that both  my front rims were cracked in multiple places. I am filing a claim wh  Cy. Please fix  as soon as possible.-Vasily Campbell
Big pothole in  middle   intersection.
Pothole in front  322 Foothill Rd, San Ysidro 92173


Cy working in  street did a very poor job  repairing  street back to s original condion and  resulted in a massive bump in  road.  Location at Torrey meadows and Torrey ranch court.
Two (2) large potholes, direction west near crosswalk.
Huge pothole, direction south.Second time reporting  issue.
Pot holes in front  willow Elemetary school
Up and down street needs to be filled and fixed.
Road in need  repairs. Basically Poway Road from  15 freeway up into Poway
Pothole in  street
Terrible "fixed" pothole has a very deep hole
basketball size hole in  west bound lane
Southbound Ingraham, 2nd lane, under  overpass for SeaWorld Dr. re is a large pothole (aprox. 3'x1'x1')  is  sort  pothole that could easily destroy a motorcycle, and cause a dangerous crash.
Hello Cy  San Diego Representative,As I drive through Woodman Street, I have noticed that re are three potholes in  area.  is a commonly used street and I fear re will be an accident if se potholes aren't filled.Thank you for your time.
There is a large hole in  alley just south  4283 El Cajon Blvd.
Sinkhole 8" drop on north side  Mount Cervin. Contact is Corky at 858-342-0464.
Large pothole! Hs underside  car when driving over

Potholes
Potholes everywhere
Pothole
Several potholes
Crosswalk at a school for young kids
8-9 inch deep pothole on southbound W Mission Bay Drive, under  Sea World Drive overpass, second from left lane.
Called last month Navajo w/b 125 to lake Murray in front  chase  bank pothole   8850 Navajo
There are potholes all down  3500 block. I reported m already and someone came out and filled only two. One   two y filled needs more filling as well.
Multiple potholes and asphalt damage on World Trade Drive between Stony Peak Drive and Highland Ranch Road.  Needs resurfacing.
33x48" pothole
Late pothole
Pot holes and sharp edges  going on over a year , damaging tires.
There's a bad rip in  road at  location. 's killing my suspension every time I turn re.
I'm at Mesa Boulevard westbound west  Kearny Villa Road all  way to Ruffin Road  number one lane, that is  farst on  left   three lanes is pretty torn up from Kearny Villa Road all  way to Ruffin. 's horrible in a traffic hazard.! Please fix  soon 's always been bad but now 's really bad!
POTHOLE
Potholes
Car damaging pot hole on Washington under  i 5 overpass.
Large pothole directly in turn lane from SB Mercury to SB 163 on-ramp.
Big pothole almost to  light  at  end   driveway   gas station, had few cars blow out tires when y h  pothole
Multiple potholes peppering Highwood Dr from Boulder Lake to Dent DriveAlso Bobhird from Mulvaney to FrazierThese street condions on se streets are wrecking my car.
horrible road suation, potholes and cracks
Road is extremely rough from top  hill to bottom getting on and f  94. Car shakes violently going down  hill. Please fix
Numerous potholes at on-ramp to SB SR 163
Big holes
Big hole
Our street, and a number  or streets in  neighborhood, is deteriorating. There are many many areas where chunks  blacktop are loose in  street.  The cracks are getting bigger and crumbling apart. We would like to request that  streets be repaved.  They are in desperate need  repair. Thank you so much!
Potholes  7908 to 8107
Potholes all over cul de sac. Uneven street and loose gravel.kids getting injured do to damaged streets. Please repave our cul de sac for safe driving and preventing furr injuries to our children!
Dangerous streets to our children. Please repave our road!!!- i have sent pictures in  past few months  my sons injuries and  street is worse now n  ever was. Please fix our road before someone gets seriously hurt!!!
Westbound Scripps Poway Parkway, multiple pot holes, right before downhill h large one, blew hole in car tire.
Numerous potholes on 33rd Street between Universy and Lincoln Avenue
Pothole
Gigantic hole about 2 feel long and 4 inches deep in  center westbound lane. Very dangerous on a motorcycle. 's only a matter  time until someone gets hurt hting  one. Getting bigger everyday!!!!!
s been re about a month and getting larger. 's about 2 feet in diameter. Gravel and sand are coming out   hole in  asphalt.
Pothole / sinkhole in center  street in front  6422 Birchwood Street.
Deep pothole wh multiple small potholes around  corner
New potholes in same area as previous potholes.  Area usually covered by water--possible water leak?
Large hole


 intersection  Avati and Morena- in right turn lane on Morena headed north- Large indentation about 1 ft wide runs across entire right turn lane. Looks like previous road construction dch was filled in and  has sunk in
Large pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Bad patch work
Deep pothole at cross gutter on Vesta St at south side  Dalbergia St intersection
Gold Coast Drive is filled wh DEEP potholes
Driving south on Brannia Blvd at Brannia Park Pl h a pothole.
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Paradise Valley Rd & Parkwood, pothole h on 3/16/2018
Pothole
Pothole and street cracking
From Sundevil as you turn right on to Carmel Mountain  re is a pot hole as you turn .  9600 Carmel Mountain
Large patch creating a sink hole in  middle  intersection. Gets deeper day by day. Needs to be addressed soon before damage to cars happen.
6 potholes
During our Hillcrest Clean, Green & Safe Neighborhood Walkabout- business members and residents reported to staff a massive pothole that continues to grow as a result  MTS busses using side streets.  This pothole is major cause  concern as  is whin  footprint   Hillcrest Farmers Market, as well as  upcoming Pride  Hillcrest Block Party,  Pride 5K Run/Walk, and  San Diego Pride Parade.  Pot hole is approvingly 26 feet x 6 feet. A second pothole 17 feet by 10 feet is developing a few feet away.
There is a pothole near  street edge and near concrete sidewalk on N side  street.   is near  utily pole that is one-half block east  Pentuckett and near  mailbox for 3624 Grape Street.
About 6 different potholes pretty big
Pot holes all along aero dr
Seems to be an issue in  spot, 's right next to previously repaired pothole...
pothole all along north harbor dr between laurel and spanish landing
Pot holes in asphalt causing road hazards.
Potholes in asphalt causing road hazards.
When traveling on Sixth Avenue towards downtown, and turning right on Quincy Street, re is a pothole right on  corner making  unavoidable to miss driving over.
EB ACENA DR BETWEEN RANCHO BERNARDO & HIERBA
ABOUT 5 SERIOUS POTHOLES ALONG STREET
Numerous potholes on Acena Drive between Rancho Bernardo Road and Hierba Drive, especially near  intersection at RB road.
8645 Covina Street..deep pothole in  middle   street and large pothole toward  side   street connected to a large square patch
Street is crumbling and leaving a pothole.
Street is crumbling and leaving a pothole.  Neighbors keep putting pieces back in  hole when y pop out.
Multiple injuries from  loose gravel and potholes. Uneven road please fix and repave our cul de sac!!!
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes in both directions at  intersection.
Pothole
Pothole
Several potholes present which have been making travel difficult. People have crashed cars and bikes in m ....
Are u going fix se potholes ?!?
Large pothole!
BAD POTHOLE
POTHOLE ........DAMAGE
POTHOLE
Pothole
Pothole
Huge pothole. Huge.
There are several potholes in  area that need repairing.   My dog fell in one  or day, breaking his leg.   And my car bounced in one pothole, popping  tire
Large impression in new asphalt. Currently 6' by 3' wh sides up to 9" above street surface, impression up to 6" below street surface. Hazardous for traffic.
Pothole
POTHOLE
Potholes
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes for more n 200 feet.  Cars are lerally coming to a stop trying to navigate  damaged roadway. 15 year problem.
Badly damaged asphalt at intersection
Badly damaged asphalt and numerous potholes on Mercury near freeway entrance.   Many many year problem.
There is a large pothole in middle  street in fron  6852 Julie St, San Diego
Numerous large deep potholes
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes at  intersection.
Numerous potholes in both directions in and around  intersection for man blocks.  Chronic problem, 100's  reports in just  past few weeks.
There are 2 large pot holes in front  5128 69th St. San Diego
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes on Reagan just a few feet from Mira Mesa BLVD.
Large potholes on bridge.
Badly damaged intersection.   Raised and damaged asphalt where concrete should be.  Cars are swerving on to 8Th to avoid tire damage.   15 years and counting.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes in  area.
Devastated asphalt and potholes.  15 year problem.
So many potholes! The street is a mess poor job  resurfacing. Really damaging our tires. Very dangerous was so many bumps. When will  street be repaired properly? our Councilman David Chavez promised he would repair  two years ago and has not kept his word.! Thank you for responding, Now why is  closed, as stated on email? Is  street going to get repaired?And when? Palm Ave (92154) is falling apart. Cars are swerving to avoid  potholes. This is getting dangerous! Palm Ave from Beyer to 805.
Broken sidewalk
Several potholes when turning from Roselle St onto I-5 on-ramp. Potholes on Roselle St and between two to ten feet away from newly paved on-ramp.
Multiple potholes along  whole block.
On Cannington Drive, we have Alley  behind our complex . One part  Alley is full  cracks.  is really deep.  is getting worse and worse.  is very dangerous for kids. Any one can get trip and get hurt.  Alley is located at  back  Beadnell Village apartment, next to Manager's fice.
The whole street is a giant pothole for  last mile  Sunset Ridge to Soring Canyon.  has not been repaired for 10 years ( at least)  was scheduled to be resurfaced in 2017. continues to deteriorate send destroy cars. Please fix  one neglected mile.  is a busy street and funnels A lot  traffic.  is in awful shape.  I will send images tomorrow. You guys need to attend to ...  longer you wa,  worse  gets,  more costly  will be to repair .
PER SDPD NORTH OF THE SKYLINE & WOODMAN ST INTERSECTION THERE ARE POTHOLES IN THE NORTHBOUND LANE.





Pothole reported 10 times in  past  5 years.


Badly damaged asphalt in all lanes

Reported over a year ago.
Damaged roadway
Damaged roadway for blocks.







Damaged asphalt pothole
Pothole in East bound left lane  Jackson just East  intersection
Very deep gulley at entrance to canyonside park and pothole heading north actually on black mountain road before intersection
left hand turn lane
bad patch on  area, needs to be re-patched and repaved in  future from Esteban Bahena Memorial Hwy, San Diego, CA 92103 (north from Washington Street on 163 going north  to  intersection  I-8 on 163.
8111 Mercury St, San Diego, CA 92111, USA to potholes on 4601-4611 Mercury St, San Diego, CA 92111 going south and north to intersection  Balboa Ave and 4601-4611 Mercury St, San Diego, CA 92111.  Raod need to be patched on repaved for  future.  Please patch  potholes now since  road has a lot and has deep cracks that need to be patch and repaved.
potholes in north and south on 4274-4342 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109 to 4751-4799 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA.  This road is unsafe wh deep cracks and many potholes, patch  potholes and request a pavement  Misson Bay Dri Road in North and South both directions.
In center  roadway and along curb where asphalt and concrete adjoin .Adjacent house 17345 in street in front  driveway.
1 foot diameter. 4" deep
Large pothole on Jackson Dr.
Huge pot hole on eastside  ingraham in front   academy cars are bottoming out.
Dangerous strip/bump  asphalt causing accidents for motorcycles
Bad pavement
Bad asphalt
Bad asphalt
Bad asphalt, future accidents

Divet in road, creating a puddle where mosquos can breed, still water in pot hole
Deep pothole right before  traffic light at Wawanessa on Friars Norrn lane.
Many potholes through  alley. Who needs a rollercoaster when you could drive down  alley. I've posted twice about how bad  alley is and  keeps getting closed and "resolved".  is not resolved!
There are two potholes that need to be fix
EAST OF MALLARD HUGE POTHOLE
Very large and deep pothole in  left-hand turning lane on at  bottom  Scripps Highlands Drive at  intersection  Scripps Poway Pkwy.   is due to  recent street repair that seems to have sunken down.
Multiple potholes in front  our house. Big chunks  asphalt are being kicked up as cars drive thru potholes, landing near our vehicles and on our property.
Road damage
On  gas station corner  La Jolla Blvd and Pearl street, re is a very jagged pothole wh triangular shape that forces  car deep and creates damage as if you have h a sidewalk.   is very difficult to avoid when turning right on Pearl going north on La Jolla Blvd.  This is  third pothole in La Jolla that has cost me a $400 tire.  I have noticed  progressively worse since about 2 weeks ago
HAZARDOUS POTHOLE AT N BOUND ON LA JOLLA BLVD FROM PEARL ST.
Casino Ruiz north right lane
Numerous potholes on Paola Way.  Please drive  whole block and fill all holes.
Numerous potholes and 3 consecutive raised  pavement bumps that cause tire and alignment damage. Throughout Oro Vista Rd/Grove Ave until   intersects wh Hollister St. that whole section  road needs re-pavement.
Two deep potholes wh wires exposed. Located just before traffic light on Acena Dr.  Cross street is Rancho Bernardo Rd. Very dangerous.
Pothole northbound lane
There is a sink hole or pot hole that keeps growing at  stop sign at  intersection. Turning right at  intersection is treacherous as your car will dip down into  sinking cement.

Pothole in  beginning   street.
Pothole in a crosswalk.  Pedestrian tripped at Art Walk.
Huge pothole directly in bike lane.
Pothole
Pothole near 20 bus stop steep and dangerous!
Pothole near anor 20 bus stop
Pothole 4th Lane Straight
Potholes


Hi I wanted to report a few pot holes that are really BAD NOW ABOUT 2 weeks ago I saw a cy street division truck in front  m  I thought y were going to patch m but y just drove f . Basically  whole street is crumbling . I know I?m not  only 1 that has h m more n a few times and ?s starting to cause alignment problems please fix m . Thank You  In behalf  all  people that drive down  street.
Pothole
Multiple potholes
Pothole/pile  rubble
There are several potholes that have been here for many years.   They are causing auto damage and my friend's kid crashed his bike in one  m.
There is a pothole in  road on  left lane.
Potholes
Pothole at  intersection
Pothole
Multiple potholes in  right 2 lanes, section spanning 75 - 125 yards.
Large pothole SB Santo in intersection
THE IS A HUGE POTHOLE LOCATED AT THE INTERSECTION OF S. WOODMAN STREET AND ALSACIA STREET.
Bad patch work on street
THERE ARE HUGE POTHOLES AT THE INTESECTION OF ALTA VIEW DRIVE AND S. WOODMAN STREET.
DEEP  POT  HOLE   -   IN FRONT  OF  76  GAS  STATION  -  GARNET  AVE  SIDE  -  ALONG  THE  STREET  CURB  AREA.GARNET AVE  WEST  BOUND   AT  MISSION BAY  DR.
2 big pot holes
Pot holes
Pavement in  entire cul-de-sac is in need  repair/repaving.  Multiple large potholes in front  my house 12275 Frontera Rd.  I've lived at  residence for almost 13 years and I do not recall repaving being done since.  we have had  cracks filled once or twice, but nothing  substantial.
LARGE POTHOLE IN FRONT OF DRIVEWAY
Multiple potholes between Alta view and onramp to 54
Pothole on Westbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
SB NORMAL STREET - POT HOLE /ASPHALT RUBBLE CAUSING DAMAGE
Potholes  San Vincente & Sawtelle to Cardiff
Pothole wh vertical displacement across width   street
Large pot hole at stop sign on Ethan Allen

A large pot hole previously repaired is SINKING and causing a hazard.  Due to  size and location  is difficult to avoid whout going out   lane.
Very deep and damaging pot hole.
EB LANE OF SEA WORLD WAY
Pothole in center lane  West bound near chase bank.
Constuent states logs   pot holes on  road.
18' Asphalt pothole   4460 Everts St South Bound  West lane where  alley intersects
Potholes all over  road on Clairemont drive just past  intersection  Clairemont Mesa Blvd
Glenroy St between Allied Gardens Park and Princess VIew Drive is deteriorated to  point  being hazardous. I will resubm a report on  webse every single day until  issue is fixed. Thank you.
Street needs resurfacing. Several potholes.
POTHOLES
Pothole
Potholes in both directions  Margerum
Potholes both directions  college
Potholes
We have been dealing wh construction on our street for months as a SDG&E sub contractor is replacing gas lines in our neighborhood.  We have a large pot hole just a few feet north   intersection  Freeport Rd. and Carmel Mtn. road, right where every vehicle makes  turn on to our street.  Now we have many squares  patches from  gas lines, and re are also large buckles in  sidewalk about 4-5 houses up from  turn onto  street, on  right hand side.  Our street is a big mess!  I hope y can repair  pothole and sidewalk and re-seal or re-coat our street after all  construction is complete.
Several potholes and cracks along Scripps Poway Parkway from Village Ridge Rd. & Cypress Canyon Rd. To San Diego cy lims.  Several accidents have occurred along  stretch. Ideally  would need resurfacing, because re are many bumps, potholes, and cracks.  is due for an upgrade.
The asphalt at  intersection  65th and Akins Avenue, alongside  trolley tracks is severely damaged.   is a combination  uneven areas and pothole causing unecessary traffic congestion at  intersection.
There are two major potholes located approximately 100ft from  54W ex on Woodman Street.  The potholes are so severe vehicles swerve to avoid se, creating a dangerous suation for drivers who use  road on a daily basis.
Huge pothole when making a u-turn at  intersection.

There?s a huge pothole on  center turn lane as you turn left to  address: 16745 W Bernardo Dr. Please fix ASAP. Thank you





Pothole.


Potholes @ intersection
Multiple potholes.
Pothole
Multiple potholes and cavation.
Road cracking and potholes developing.  The street was resurfaced 100 yards down  hill and  street is good 100 yards up  hill.  So why is our portion   street being allowed to decay into rubble.
Road cracking and potholes developing. The street was resurfaced 100 yards down  hill and  street is good 100 yards up  hill. So why is our portion   street being allowed to decay into rubble.
This hill next to a junior high school has been causing wear and tear on my car for years. What was unbelievable is that y improved  school wall and Famosa Blvd, but neglected Valeta Street hill. Buses and families travel to and from school everyday.
BAD POTHOLE N/B AT INTERSECTION,
POTHOLE A FOOT BEFORE  CROSSWALK   N/B
Potholes
POTHOLE
POTHOLES IN FRONT OF HOUSE AND FOR 2 BLOCKS
Two big pot holes in  street.  They both started out small and have grown and continue to grow each week.  Please repair.
Potholes
left lane
Pothole on right side  Lipscomb as your approach Gold Coast.
POTHOLES
Northbound Ingraham St, near West  Mission Bay Drive, re are metal plates in  street. Constuent let Council District 2 know that y have gotten two flat tires and bent rims due to  plates being poorly installed.
Very deep and dangerous
chucks  road missing just east  1540 la jolla ranch rd on side  road. a few holes from missing  asphalt
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Reports CLOSED again whout any work done or repairs made. Why do you keep doing ?  has been over a year and half now wh a dozen detailed reports identifying  problem and after a month or two  case is closed saying  has been repaired. Totally UNTRUE. Fix  damaged and loose storm drain! ////// Previous reports and pictures for specific details again: Loose man hole cover in  right lane  west bound Poway Rd. Approximately 100ft from  intersection  Poway Rd and Sabre springs pkwy Same problem has been identified and finally fixed about a year ago. A real danger as car drive over  and looks and sounds like ?s about to fly f. Also a real annoyance to all owners along Poway near  location. Please fix. Again. http://apps.sandiego.gov/streetdiv/sreq.jsp Strom drain cover very loose. Concrete damage all around. Now has asphalt damage as well. Not in Picture. Copied from your previous reports. I do not use all caps ///////// - DRAIN STRUCTURE DAMAGED

Potholes
Glenroy St - between Allied Gardens Recreation Center and Princess View Drive, is in need  repair. The street has many potholes and needs to be repaved.
Many potholes
A very deep pothole is in  center. The centerline is no longer visible, making  extremely hazardous. Recently a motorcyclist was h and seriously injured at  location by a car turning from  apartment complex onto Cardinal Dr.
POTHOLES
BAD POTHOLE IN FRONT OF CHURCH (BETWEEN TWO DRIVEWAYS)  BY WHITE LINES
large pothole in middle  intersection
large potholes on
Pothole is located 3 houses from my home.  is located on  corner  Mt. Abernathy and Jamar Dr.
Bad patch work
Water company repaired leak but left road in poor condion.  No Parking sign has been here for 4 weeks.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes in 2 blocks in all directions here.  For some reason 1 pothole was filled in  past few days but not  20 ors.
Pothole and damaged asphalt in both directions and in  intersection at  location.  I'm baffled that crews filled a single pothole in  area  week and didn't fill m all.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes
Our street was ?resurfaced? around spring/summer but  contractor did not do a very good job. While y were still working on our street, I showed m places that were missed and y said y would ?catch? that part before y left our street. I should have reported  right away but I did believe y would still repair  and n ?life? just got busy. I HOPE  contractors are being reviewed and/or surveys  cizens are being polled on  work completed, etc.  Our street is a cul-de-sac and so is  cross street... traffic is generally just  neighbors... definely much less than most through streets.  IF  job wasn?t so poorly done to begin wh... our street wouldn?t look  bad.   doesn?t even look like  had ever been repaired!   would be nice to know our cy government are repairing our neglected streets AND REVIEWING  work se contractors are doing since tax payers monies are paing m!
To potholes in left lane
Pothole
Major 1 foot deep pothole on corner  success and Marathon Dr.  Causing damage to suspensions  cars. And a MAJOR SAFETY hazard for pedestrians walking after dark.   Please address  SAFETY concern soonest.  Thank you
Pothole in lane 1
36x24 pot hole and anor 200ft. Up  street.  Cars hting se pot holes are scattering asphalt and damaging cars
Several potholes on  street need to be repaired
Large pothole in middle  intersection next to manhole
Pothole on road
Bad patch work
pothole west bound lane in front  2559 san anselmo

Two potholes (previously repaired but failed.  In front  1129 colusa driveway.
sewer cover well below grade
Pothole in right turn lane going from Evening Creek Drive S to Sabre Springs Parkway
Pothole on Rancho Penasquos Blvd going north from 15 freeway towards Via Del Sud near  Starbucks
Potholes on Carmel Mountain Rd going east from Rancho Penasquos Blvd towards Freeport Rd.
Pothole on Voigt Dr going east towards baseball field from UCSD main campus.
2 potholes next to manhole covers at  intersection  Sabre Hill Dr and Evening Creek Dr E, near Belmont Village Senior Home
Pothole in  middle   intersection  Sabre Springs Parkway and Evening Creek Drive N. (7-11 intersection)
The worst potholes ever  whole Road needs to be repaved!
Pothole on Convoy Ct in  roundabout near Paradowski's Swim Shop.
Multiple sharp potholes, medium and large. Many cracks, bumps, and asphalt separation.
Many potholes in whole block
POTHOLE
Street covered wh potholes between Allied Gardens Communy Center and Princess View Drive, next to Lewis Middle School. Whole street needs to be repaved.
E/B ON JACKSON, 2FT DEEP POTHOLE
The road here is very uneven wh several potholes on Home Ave. from  805 to Fairmont Ave.
Pothole opening up in front  my house. Asphalt is very loose and flying around when h by a car.
Potholes
Pothole
 is not just  potholes but  road has not been resurfaced/paving for more than 15 years. From  I-15 to  west up to  Cy  San Diego jurisdictions on Camino Del Norte. Anyone in  DPW can verify  ugliness   road.  PLEASE DO SOMETHING!!!
Potholes
The concrete section  Tuxedo Rd., between Volclay Dr. and Golfcrest Dr., has numerous jagged potholes,  entire section  road needs to be repaved (see attached photos). Furrmore,  sidewalk adjacent to  potholes is nearly impassible due to overgrown weeds and debris (again!!) and needs attention.  Please help!!!
4200-4218 Cannington Dr, San Diego, CA 92117 to 4266-4278 Cannington Dr, San Diego, CA 92117 damage is from both directions north and south, road needs resurfacing, heavy cracks, potholes, patch  damage and put  road on  repave list.  Many potholes in  area.
10283-10299 Mirabel Ln, San Diego, CA 92124 to 9650 Chesapeake Dr, San Diego, CA 92123.  Clairemont Mesa Blvd, has heavy damage in both directions east and west.   has deep cracks, many potholes, missing pavement,   has not been repaired in a long time.  Patch  surface   road now and please put  road in both directions on  list for pavement   surface area.     There is heavy surface damage that needs repair.
Big pothole in  middle   road, if heading downhill
Large potholes and separations in pavement.  Especially problematic for cyclists in  bike lane portion, as re is debris and cars dodging potholes enter  bike lanes.

Hey guys you've been ignoring me for  past two or three months now about  pothole. We're doing  best we can to keep peoples cars from falling into  and disappearing forever, but we need your help.
Raised asphalt in bike lane.  EB Spring Canyon Rd between Elderwood Ln and Riesling Dr.  GPS: 32.922989, -117.069552.
Potholes
  intersection  first and Robinson re appears to be a 1 foot in diameter pothole that is about a foot to 2 feet deep
very deep pothole. almost blew my tire
SEVERAL POTHOLES
2598 Greyling Dr. (SB)2602 Greylling Dr. (SB) also NB (appears to be a valve cover)2680 Greyling Dr. (SB)Greyling between Gowdy and Pinecrest numerous instances (Jones Elementary School)

ENTIRE STRETCH OF WARING FROM 5488 to 5776 WARING RD.  - BEFORE AND AFTER ELDRIDGE STREET. SAN DIEGO, CA 92120Many, many  deep strips  potholes in both driving lanes that are narrow short in length or half width  a tire and long in length, and very numerous. These make drivers sway cars back and forth in lanes to avoid m.  NEED TO FILL IN THESE LONG STRETCHES OF DEEP NARROW HOLES MIXED WITH WIDER ONES THAT CAUSE TIRE DAMAGE. FIX THIS HEAVILY USED TWO LANE STREET!!!!
Pothole in left lane  northbound North Torrey Pines Rd near Salk Instute Rd. In  section  road between Estancia La Jolla hotel and  Salk Instute.
2 potholes
Large potholes in  intersection  Convoy St and Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Asphalt potholes 3805- 3828 Midway Dr, South West Bound outsideWest lane
Northbound College Avenue from  I-8 to Del Cero Blvd. is full  holes and cracks in both lanes and needs re-surfacing.
Decent sized pot hole around  man hole sewer cover in  middle   street, a few kids have fell f ir scooters due to  pot hole.

People turning left from la Jolla Scenic South onto Cardeno run over  area while turning.
Horrible street condions
Huge pothole


SINKHOLE FOUR FEET DEEP
Giant a d Sharp Pothole getting bigger third request
P/H IN EB LANE
Cavation and potholes.
Potholes
About 2 ft long pothole
2 ft  Pothole on  crosswalk that was just finished
Pothole

Multiple  potholes from Harbor Dr to BNSF tracks
Bad potholes
large potholes on  access road that leads out to  jetty.
This section  Bayside walk is  in horrible shape. Several potholes and uneven pavement make  difficult to walk or jog.   Please pave from end  cement bike path out to Corona Oriente Rd
Large area  sunken-in asphalt about 3ftx4ft. In  center  Vesta st and Dalbergia St intersection.
pothole at  corner  Tyrolean and Barryknoll.  Several potholes on Tyrolean as you head to Montongo
There are SEVERAL large cracks
Hole and cracks all over  intersection (all directions).
Potholes all along 28th street from Treat Street to Ocean View Blvd
Pothole in street getting worse
There are a couple potholes along  section  West Mission Bay Drive.
LARGE POTHOLES, DAMAGED TIRE
The striping along Scripps Highlands Drive that is very faded and  patch y had done that is hazard. The patch has dropped in one spot and is a bump in anor.
We still have a lot  very dangerous potholes on  one lane each way highway going to and from  Safari Wild Animal Park and we have experienced two tire blow outs wh two  our vehicles and that included bent rims.  Please help wh  as  is an ongoing problem.  Thank you

Falling apart
Details/Comments:The stretch  Camino Del Norte from I-15 going west  up to Dove Canyon road has many pot holes and ruts. This stretch  road has not been maintained for  last 10 years.ssssundar@yahoo.com
in front  address pothole
I filed a report for 7740 Tyrolean earlier  morning.  From that pothole, proceed east toward Montongo.  Around 7785, re is a long pothole that runs north/south and affects  entire lane.   is getting deeper.  's a long ridge-like pothole. Neighbors are saying y are going to send ir car alignment bills to  Cy.  Thank you.
Northbound Brannia Blvd at  intersection  Airway Road, re are two large, deep potholes.
Canyonside park drive entrance: Big dip that causes many cars to scrape ir front bumper upon exing  park.  Especially aggravating to mini van owners.  Causes a light delay as one needs to completely come to a stop to avoid damage when exing which hinders  flow  traffic.
Eastbound Scripps PowWay, Parkway approximately 100 yards west  scripps Summ Drive intersection.
There are three potholes on eastbound Scripps PowWay, Parkway starting approximately 100 yards west   Angelique Street intersection.  The second and third pothole or as you approach Angelique Street intersection.
Potholes on  center two lanes for a 100 -150 yard stretch going towards airport.
Potholes that were reported a month ago are still re.
Multiple potholes in a 75 yard section.
4-5 potholes, 25-40 yards before  intersection wh Jade Coast Dr.
LARGE POTHOLE, BY SCHOOL
New pothole due to poor street repair done just a couple  weeks ago. This can cause car damage and is dangerous. Thank you for your quick response.
Large rectangular pothole near at  stop sign where Mead and Utah intersect.Hard to avoid due to stop required.
Massive ever-growing potholes due to some leakage. May be due to new water pipe installation but 's too big to put f until  work is complete. Will damage cars or cause an accident from people swerving to avoid . I live in  area and see  happening all  time.
2 potholes
Massive (very deep) new pothole in souast corner  intersection.  Very dangerous.
In front  Crown Pt. Elementary School,  North/East street traffic lane. Deep pot hole, enough to jar a car going 25mph. Dangerous, particularly in faster traffic or night time.
AT THE ENTERANCE OF THE ASPHALT ALLEY BETWEEN 3511 6TH AVE & 3526 7TH AVE THERE ARE MANY POTHOLES FORMING MAKING IT DIFFICULT TO DRIVE DOWN THE ALLEY.
This property has an alley entrance to garages. Currently re are numerous damages to  alley from roots which have caused uplifting   pavement.
Many potholes on  NON CONCRETE street between Silverado and Kline due to  high traffic.  Some   potholes are 4 feet long and over a foot deep.  When will  be remedied?   was surveyed over a year ago and I was told  would be done very soon.  How long is soon?  When is  project going to start and be completed?
Multiple in intersection
Pothole right where you need to drive through to get into businesses.
Asinine. Pacific Beach Drive @ Ingraham. Pothole from HELL! Thank you Mr. Mayor!

Pot holes through  street no speed sign police and cars sped through  street my child almost got h by a car walking home from school and re is a school on  corner how are my kids suppos to walk home safe I live righ in  middle   street wh no curb or side walk 's dangerous needs to be repacked sidewalks and speed bumps to slow  traffic down
2 POTHOLES, Please fix se. TY.
On  north bound, far right lane  ingraham st, just before  intersection  pacific beach drive re is a huge pothole on  right side along  sidewalk. This pothole is unavoidable unless you creep into  lane to  left. I went over  pothole at less than 5 mph and  significantly jolted my car,  is a big hazard for any cars traveling  speed lim in that lane.
Growing pothole at intersection  Cardinal Rd and Cardinal Dr. Several smaller potholes nearby
Large and deep pothole. Bicyclist & motorcyclists especially beware?
There is a Large pothole wh a cone in  in  far right lane   northbound side  Ingraham at Pacific Beach Dr.
Street is an embarrassment to .mayor and entire. Cy. Council
One more
And anor.
Why not.  The trifecta
Horrible street condion between Allied Gardens Park and Princess View Drive. Please fix immediately!!?
Pothole is getting bigger.  back gate entry/ex to parking lot for a High School.  Fix  pothole. Wide as a tire and about 3 feet long.
Holes and cracks whin  crosswalk to  freeway entrance. This will be  2 nd or 3 rd time filling in  holes. Do  right  1st time and you won't have to come coming back every few months
Holes and cracks whin  entire intersection.  This will be  2 nd or 3 rd time filling in  holes. Do  right  1st time and you won't have to come coming back every few months   Do all cracks and holes not just a few  m
road cracks
Pothoke middle  intersection Julian/Evans
large pothole approx 1 foot deep or more.
Sink hole
Potholes
pothole h on 4/10/2018 on Balboa bet Charger & Cannington.
Pothole on street and all throughout  block
Please fix pothole ASAP. This is like  5th time I've reported . Thank you !
Pothole
Major pothole at entrance to alley.
Did any   streets a lot  potholes which cars again damage driving through
Two big pot holes on Genesee from Mt Alifan to Genesee Ct
In Front  our driveway is a large pothole causing a lot  problems and damage
18 inch pothole on San Anselmo Street (30 feet west  Pacifica Drive intersection).
There are many potholes, cracks, and unevenness throughout  street.
Pothole! This hole is very dangerous, as  is right on  turn. I almost damaged my rim on my ltle car. Someone will lose control or worse!
Entire street from Allied Gardens Park through Princess View Drive needs to be repaved.
Seminole and Arendo from Clay Park to Lorca Drive are covered wh huge and dangerous potholes. An out  town guest just damaged her rental car. Please provide a long term fix to se ongoing pothole problems re.
Pothole in  right lane
Camino del Norte, On Ramp to South 15 has a pothole on lane 1  2.  Cannot avoid  pothole.
Drainage swale at ex from Canyonside Park to Black Mountain Road is too steep, and scrapes  bottom  my car when I ex  park.  Causes traffic hazard as cars slow excessively to cross intersection.
Major pothole left from work done
Trenching for new driveway left open Friday night. Signs on  se say KD Stahl Construction. There are two trenches. One has cones,  or is unmarked.
Ginormous wheel-eating pothole at Vesta & Dalberggia. Not so great on  oppose side   intersection eir.
Medium size pothole in lane  traffic going North on Ruffner St at back, gated entrance to CarMax lot.
Large potholes that you cannot locate????   That is a riot!!!  Walk towards  beach from Kline down Bishops Lane and you will see m!  First one, is in  Lane near a peach colored garage!  We were told  Lane would be co nreated and that was over a year ago!!!  You can't find m??? Put your glasses on!
N. bound Gerana St. (Directly f Carmel Mtn Rd. zip code 92129) is at  point a disgrace  a road.  has potholes and major damage that warrant a complete re-pavement.  least for  first hundred yards starting immediately when turning on Gerana St. from Carmel Mtn Rd.   feels like f-roading when going over . Please repair ASAP. Thank you I'm hoping that all that new gasoline tax money will get put to use.
Potholes at  intersection.  Just saw my neighbor?s daughter wipe out on her scooter because  tire got caught in one   potholes.Cut knees and I hope no or damage.
Potholes in  cul de sac prevents children from playing because  tires getting caught in  potholes and  loose pieces  pavement.
potholes
Potholes and cracked/uneven sections.
Pothole on NB Montongo St, at  address listed in  report.
Pothole in intersection  La Jolla Village Dr and Villa La Jolla Dr in  eastbound left lane. 's near  median.
Potholes
Potholes
Road falling apart,by entrance to alley near rear house at 3107 46th street
Cannington Rd is filled wh ltle potholes and cracks. Asphalt is chipped in several spots north  intercetion wh Beadnell way. Please repave cannington between Balboa ave. and charger Blvd. The large asphalt chips are a hazard to bike riders. Previous requests have gone unanswered. Will contact mayor's fice next.
10 large potholes at  intersection  Balboa Dr & Quince Dr. in Balboa Park
Pothole 12 inch diameter, 7 inches deep. Located near 3106 C street on west bound lane on  left side near  double yellow line as your approaching  downhill.
Westbound Eastgate Mall just after  805 bridge, re is a pothole.
Eastbound Siempre Viva Road re is a pothole near  Duran Freight company parking lot.
Pot hole cardinal dr and cardinal road 92123
Half moon bay drive belongs to  cy  san Diego  but  zip code is 92014 del mar. Our street and  surrounding ones have not been resurfaced in 34 years and  is awful. Please schedule and inspection and repaving.
There are lots  potholes and some  m are getting que deep now.  This is from  8 freeway to Del Cerro Blvd going north on College.  Mostly in  right lane, but also in  left.
Right @  corner  Elmhurst & Madra re used to be a pothole that was filled in.   went from being a small pothole to being a huge bump.   is just as your going into a tight left hand turn & s very dangerous.   bump is actually on Madra, not on Elmhurst, but you cant miss   repair is still dark black.
Pothole
eastbound traffic lane 1/2 black west  Genesee

Pothole covered poorly
Potholes
There are  many potholes, some deeper than ors, on  East side  Morena Blvd from Balboa Ave to Avati Dr.

Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole at intersection  stalmer and linda vista road.
Deep Hole
Two potholes deeper than surface scrapes.
I would like to know  scheduled repair dates for San Pasqual Road between Bear Valley Parkway and San Pasqual Valley Road (Hwy 78).  Numerous pot holes, shoulder and roadway erosion and disrepair make  stretch or road extremely dangerous.   continues to degrade.  I know  is on  repair map but needs to be addressed soon.  Please let me know  repair schedule.
5 potholes traveling north bound in  left lane. 3 large ones and 2 small ones. on Cam Ruiz between Jade Coast and Carroll Canyon. Contact is Steve at 858-682-8648
Potholes
Nasty pothole on west palm as you make right turn from kettener
Pothole in concrete gutter. 3" deep. Dangerous for pedestrians and bicyclists. Previous path is failing
Pothole on  right lane  Camino Del Norte and 15N on-ramp.  where drivers make  right turn onto  ramp.
Almost a foot pothole

SEVERAL VERY LARGE POT HOLES AS YOU ENTER OLD SEA WORLD DR (NORTH SIDE OF THE SAN DIEGO RIVER)  FROM S. SHORES RD/SEA WORLD  INTERSECTION.WEST  BOUND  ON  OLD  SEA  WORLD  DR.MAY CONSIDER REPAVING THE ROAD  -  BADLY  DAMAGED  -  BIKE RIDER ACCESS.SAFETY ISSUE.
Broadway and 30th
Elevated ground in right lane
Yep, 's still here. Which is amazing seeing as how 's been two months that I've been recording  now
A pothole that now has a warning cone.  Second time for me to note  problem.  I was told  cy monored  se, sure doesn't seem like .
Horrible HuGE potholes at major intersection  Grand & Ingraham in Pacific Beach
This middle section  South Lane, running parallel to Nautilus St and Bonair St is in terrible disrepair.  Cars go through very ten and risk great pothole and rubble damage.  Would like  cy to put  on ir repair schedule AND notify us as Tom when  will be repaired.
Two large pot holes at  intersection, corner. Right turn onto Clairemont Mesa Blvd. next to  gas station.
Pothole in  center   road
Unfinished water utily access cover several inches below grade level.  Existing more than 1 year.  Zoom out from  link for wide angle view.https://www.google.com/maps/@33.0346985,-117.0602464,3a,15y,218.86h,61.07t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sKLYIdK94GIIhweapoUzpog!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en

Corner  vesta and dalbergia
Pothole
Pothole
There's a deep car wheel sized pothole right as you turn onto  highway from  inside lane. 's in  path   turn so 's hard to avoid.
Pothole
Heading Northbound on La Jolla Blvd, to turn right on to Pearl Street at  traffic light, re is a pothole that needs to be repaired.
Pothole
S/B   POTHOLE UNDER OVERPASS
I've sent in  report, here I add pictures. The street is Mira Montana Drive, zip 92014.  The Problem is PAVEMENT cracking, roughness and significant bumps.   I sent a note a month ago, no response. Sent one yesterday.  Here I add pictures. The street has so many patches, 's like - well - let's just say a third world country wh poor, unfortunate infrastructure.  We pay a surtax to maintain "beautification".  Only God knows what is being done wh se funds. They're not being spent here in our neighborhood.  Robert Conn
There is a large deep pothole on  northbound side  Genesee Avenue immediately in front   Vallarta Express restaurant at 4277 Genesee.
There are 3 potholes in  alley behind 1902 David Street. Dangerous and damages cars. Please fix asap.
About 7 deep potholes at  Evans/L St intersection. Please repair all 7.
VERY DEEP POTHOLE
Absurd damaging massive curb sized pot hole
On Poway Road, from Sabre Springs Parkway to Springhurst Dr., is full  deep potholes on both sides   street.
 pothole has  potential to cause a motorcycle specifically and possibly vehicle damage.
As you transfer f bridge towards downtown, a high level  asphalt create a large bum. Grind down is needed.
Street is damaged at  corner  Mt. Abernathy and Beadnell. A resident in a walker almost tripped in  street due to  damaged street.
On  west side   median about 6feet south   norrnmost end   median next to  curb  street is collapsing and  curb is going down wh .
Potholes in  westbound #2 lane in  1000 block  West Mission Bay Dr.
1 day after street was repaved, Water Dept fixed a water main leak and left a HOLE in  middle   street
Pothole in  northbound #1 lane  Sports Arena Blvd just south   intersection at Channel Way.
WESTBOUND    NORTH HARBOR DR   BETWEEN LAUREL & LIBERATOR WAY, MANY POTHOLES........
Potholes. Cracks.
Cars are driving by and kicking up asphalt
Large pothole at top  hill, SW bound lane towards railroad tracks.
See image
Requesting that Hawley Bl between Madison Ave & Monroe Ave beresurfaced due to poor asphalt condions.,Contact Info::First Name:Steve:,Last Name: Merrt,Email: smerrt1979@gmail.com,Phone No:6198868378
Wirby St, between Hancock and entrance to MCRD is a total disaster.  is riddled wh 30 or more potholes.This is an embarrassment to  Cy  San Diego. Marines from all over  USA drive through  enterence.  is an eye sore, a street from a war zone or a third world nation, NOT, "Americas Finest Cy".
Young Marines in training and ir families drive  street to enter MCRD on Graduation Day, EVERY WEEK, from all over  country. They drive on  rutted, destroyed piece  San Diego.  is a disgrace to  Cy  San Diego that flaunts being a Navy Town, a Milary Town.
All  Wirby Street from Hancock to  entrance  MCRD needs to be repaved.Having to drive  destroyed street, which has not been maintained for decades, to go to work, is an insult to all  servicemen and ir families. These milary families bring so much income to  Cy  San Diego.Show some respect. Show some civic pride. Payback se service members by paving Wirby Street, cut  weeds, repaint  retaining wall ( entire wall.
There are numerous holes up and down 68th Street especially between imperial and Madrone.
Large hole on Santo Road right in front  driveway to Serra High School.
Multiple potholes in left turn lane to turn f Moraga and go east on Balboa!
Several potholes on Collier Ave and Alexia Place east  East Mountain View Dr. These are in significant need  repair and are not on  Mayor's map for planned street resurfacing.
Incomplete and poorly made repairs to huge potholes and damaged street. Hazardous to cars and people crossing  street.
Multiple potholes on Camino de la Siesta as well as Camino del Rio North.
Pothole in  right hand lane between  8 west freeway and Del Cerro Blvd.
Potholes on Del Cerro Blvd. Eastbound once you turn f  College Ave.
Pothole in left lane  southbound North Torrey Pines Rd, halfway between La Jolla Shores and Expedion Way.
The pavement is sinking and leaving  alley floor uneven wh sharp ends that could cause a punctured tire or a fall. This is in  alley next to 3218 Meade Ave between 32nd and Bancrt
Pothole
Pothole

3rd Report  Two Large Potholes
Pothole creating issues for traffic coming or going from area

ACROSS FROM ADDRESS ON NORMAL ST LARGE POTHOLE S/B NORMAL
POTHOLES IN ALLEY   Callejn con baches atras Hoover higth school
There are numerous potholes on Genesee Ave from Linda Vista Road up to Genesee Ct.
Debris from car accident
Heading east on Camino Del Norte, re is a big pothole when turning right onto  15 south onramp. There are 2 right turn only lanes to get on  15 south. Using  rightmost lane to turn right,  pothole is in  middle   90 degree turn.
Heading North on Via Del Campo towards Rancho Bernardo Rd., re are a few potholes in  section   road that resembles an S shape turn (see map).
There are a large amount  potholes at  intersection  Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Convoy Street that needs to be filled/repaired as soon as possible.
There are a lot  significant potholes located on Convoy Street at  intersection  Convoy Street and Balboa Ave. (Near  left turn lane  north bound Convoy Street to westbound Balboa Ave.
  corner  Rosecrans and Upshur, re is an elevated bump in  concrete cross-gutter, highlighted in red in  attached images. This has been a constant concern to drivers in  area as  is an abrupt and damaging h when driving over .
Multiple potholes and peeling asphalt.
Several potholes are emerging day by day due to  heavy traffic that circulates on Airway Rd. The damages are increasing on  area.
Potholes
Potholes
Hi,There are 2 or 3 potholes as you turn from Villa La Jolla Drive onto La Jolla Village Drive.   is exactly where everybody's tire h and  dangerous and very frustrating.  Can you please correct se issues?Thank you
LARGE POTHOLE GOING DOWN THE HILL N/B
Car damaging pot hole under  ingraham street bridge to Sea World  size  a pot hole.
Large pothole in right lane
POTHOLES
pot holes , also at 11795 Handrich dr.
several potholes on Seminole Dr between Art st and Stanley Dr. 92115. These potholes are a constant fix and y occurred  time before  rain showers we had week  5/1/18. As I suggested before, you need to service  area at least once a month due to very heavy traffic.
This pothole is at  east end  Estelle St and deadends Bradford and Marraco 92115 East side  College Ave.
Big potholes
I have previously reported  pothole.  has gotten larger and re are or smaller potholes surrounding .
Pothole and asphalt breaking down around and near  pothole.
TIRE SIZED SINKHOLE E/B LANE HAZ PER PD, PLS EXPEDITE
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole in  crosswalk where  painted area is raised. Multiple people  have tripped on  because  is deceiving and right in  walk way.
Multiple potholes at  cross street  Coban and Reynolds
20-30 potholes on frontage road on south side  Sea World Drive, west  South Shores Dr.  Most are near  centerline, and are generally in  middle to west end   frontage road.
Deep potholes
2-3 potholes on EB Grand Ave., east  Figueroa
I recently turned in a request to take care  some pot holes on  way to  Wild Animal Park  on San Pasqual Rd. between Tierra De Dios and Old Milky Way and  order was closed as completed.  This is still a dangerous road wh multiple potholes and  is only one lane each direction and bicyclist travel on  road all  time.  Please come out as soon as possible to fill  holes before someone gets seriously hurt.  Thank you
Pothole directly in front   Vallarta Express where you pull out   parking lot into Genessee Ave.
Black Ford Fusion Car (no license plate)  loering wh suspicious activy
Damaged asphalt
On Scripps Poway Pkwy re are potholes and road damage all  way from  I-15 freeway east to Poway's cy lims. These cause drivers to serve when trying to avoid m and in my case I have h several bad ones  m which has resulted in me getting a bulge/bubble in my tire wall that I had to replace even though my tires still had good tread on m. If re is any type  recompense that can be made for  I would appreciate .  a minimum I would like to have  street repaved to fix se issues.
Potholes all over Clairemont and San Diego, Chateaux still has a 100 ft section not repaired just west  Mt Abernathy, Clairemont Dr. from top  hill at South end to hwy 5, all over La Jolla, N. Torrey Pines Rd in front  UCSD,
There's a small pot hole on east bound Clairemont Dr in  left turn lane for  Northbound 5 enterance that has a foot and a half long piece  steel rebar sticking out  
There is a giant two foot diameter pothole on eastbound Grand Ave just after Grand merges into one lane on  right side   lane
Potholes
E/B ON AKINS,  50FT BEFORE 65TH ST, LARGE POTHOLE

PER PD BUMP IN ROAD HAS CAUSED ACCIDENTS )30FT WEST OF FLORIDA ON SOUTH BIKE LANE   PD IS STANDING BY
Gaping holes at  side   road need immediate attention.
South bound intersection wh CLMT MESA BLVD, left turn lane has two potholes: near intersection wh alley way and at lim line/crosswalk
Large deteriorated repair   road.
Several pothole southbound Woodman St. between Cielo and Skyline.
3 POTHOLES & DEPRESSIONS IN THE RD
VERY LARGE POTHOLE  DOWNHILL AT INTERSECTION
BAD large pothole, just before bridge, towards i-8
VERY BAD POTHOLE  CARS SWERVING TO MISS IT  IT HAS JAGGED EDGES
There is a patch in  center   left lane that been getting worse every day for  last week- 's starting to sink in and becoming a large pot hole
There is a pothole on   street , near my address
54TH IS A DISASTER FROM GRAPE TO  54TH & BILOXI     EXTREMELY BUMPY AND RECENT PATCHES FALLING APART.  THIS IS MY 5TH REQUEST
Pothole in  intersection
poss sinkhole forming in center median
Multiple potholes WB Avati before Huerfano
Significant potholes
Poorly done patch job on NB 16th St. I can see dirt through  patch job. And  patch is uneven so  needs to be redone.
Asphalt breaking up on NB 16th Street, near  address listed in  report.
Broken up asphalt adjacent to  gutter along NB 16th Street near  address listed in  report.
Several potholes turning onto Avenida Venusto (east) from Paseo Lucido and one leaving Avenida Venusto heading north onto Paseo Lucido
The left turn lane from east bound home to north bound Fairmount is destroyed.  The turn lane and  intersection area through turn are riddled wh massive pot holes which causes pain to patient every time (4 times a week at minimum) massive pain to  point  tears.  Please make  road repair a priory Please call me at 213-986-5605 if you have any questions.- Johny
4-5 POTHOLES N/B
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT THE BLOCK N/B
Multiple potholes at intersection.  See photo for detail.
Pothole 9" deep, 12" wide traveling north bound in front  Ferguson's plumbing. Contact is Steve at 858-682-8648
Pothole
Potholes in  northbound #2 lane at 4525 Convoy St.
In  middle  SB 17th Street, a pothole right next to  Swale immediately past Market Street.
Potholes in both directions in  7800 and 7900 blocks  Ollo Ave.
Pothole on  west side   intersection  Onalaska Ave and Murray Ridge Rd.
In  top photo, re's multiple potholes in  NE quadrant   intersection  31st & Dwight Street. Some potholes are worn down to dirt circled in green & circled in red are potholes worn down to concrete. Photo on  bottom is on SB Dwight Street about 4 feet past  lim line.
Potholes and rough asphalt
Pothole
Badly damaged and raised asphalt on WB Washington at 8th.
Potholes
Pothole and badly damaged asphalt
Large deep pothole badly bent left front rim  my Mercedes. I will be seeking Cy reimbursement. Please send info as to how to file a claim. Pothole located on Ingraham Street headed souast under  last bridge before you cross  San Diego river.  's a two-lane road and pothole is located in  right lane close to  left side near  painted lanes divider.  's very bad. So deep  scratches on my rim go all  way to  middle   rim indicating  depth. Thank you
POTHOLE HOLE W/B PAST 805 EXIT
Intersection  Grim Ave & Dwight Street: not sure which contractor or cy's department resurfaced , but  appears to be poorly done and very uneven. Not sure if  is  final product or not, but if  is,  needs to be redone. Especially by  small utily covers in  street. Very uneven and bumpy.
Long seam opened
Sunken trench in bike lane
Large pothole getting bigger at  intersection  N Harbor Dr and Laning Rd. Contact is Braxton at 619-300-9773
Potholes
Small potholes slightly north   bus stop heading north on First by  intersection  First and Juniper

The "alley"  between Dubois Dr. and Cole St., one half block north  Clairemont Mesa Blvd (which is used as much as a street because  is  prking access for 4 or 5 large apartments and a church), is riddled wh pot holes and crude patches  quickpatch.  is almost un-navigativable by car, let alone bicycle.. Local cizens use  roadway, to walk to Dubois, and to Cole, and on into  Clairemont Square area, and Post Office. The likely possibily  injury by bicycle and on foot is high, potentially putting  cy at financial risk.  would be a wise decision to repave  long block  inummerable potholes, for several reasons, as well as for Chris Cates to keep his promise to take care  all potholes in his area.
Request to fix  potholes that have existed for months along  100 yard stretch/section and reported months ago.
Potholes and uneven surface.
There are many cracks and potholes on street. Said address has a crack 3 inches wide across entire street. There are potholes all up and down  street.
Pothole on ex 17 A towards Adams on 805 South, R lane-- Ohio and Madison
Street has several holes and BIG ctacks
POTHOLE
Potholes
Several  my tenants and myself have complained about  street condions but nothing is done
Pothole
Follow up to incident #040300025695 entered two weeks ago.  The black top in  left turn lane on South bound limerick continues to sink more.
Pothole at turn from Talbot heading down hill.
This is linked to previous report on pothole at Gage/Talbot

LARGE POTHOLE
Asphalt patch subsided and feels rough when driving thru. Needs to be repaved. Driving northbound at point in map. Thanks.
POTHOLE
Torn up street - Camino Del Norte west  Bernardo Center Drive
The bottom  Gage at  intersection  Talbot is a mess.
This whole street has been a mess for over 2 years. Turko rated  one   worst streets in San Diego over a year ago.
Not a pothole, but a road depression that's difficult to avoid.
There is a pothole in Alley
Damaged asphalt and potholes
Damaged asphalt and potholes
The alley behind 3048 Ivy St. is in bad shape, wh a section  concrete protruding maybe 10" above  street level - high enough to h my car's undercarriage when I drove over  by mistake.   appears as though  sewer line or storm drain is leaking, undermining  alley.  There are several wet areas along  alley centerline between 31st and Fern.
The alley behind 3048 Ivy St. is in bad shape, wh a section  concrete protruding maybe 10" above  street level - high enough to h my car's undercarriage when I drove over  by mistake.   appears as though  sewer line or storm drain is leaking, undermining  alley.  There are several wet areas along  alley centerline between 31st and Fern.
Pothole left over from work done left an uneven pavement
Missing cover center  sidewalk north side
Pothole caused damage to tire
Seep pothole
Pothole in #2 WB lane prior to I-805 overpass.
The street on Olympic place and Olympic street are in bad condion.see photos. This is a tripping hazard.

severe potholes throughout  duration  world trade drive. Needs to be evaluated for potential resurfacing and have  potholes filled in  immediate term. Thank you.
ASPHALT SUNKEN CAUSING VEHICLES TO SWERVE
Bad pothole in alley.
Large potholes on  street.
Pothole southbound just before  I-8 signal light.
Potholes

Car damaging pot hole Clairemont Mesa blv West  &  805 south right as you pass  805 sign.
There are 2 large potholes including  one in  middle   intersection that can cause severe damage to vehicles when driven over.
There are a few along  stretch  Phyllis Place - was recently fixed but reappearing!  thank you
Southbound Ingraham lane #2 under Sea World Drive bridge. Significant size, missing large area  asphalt over 5? depth.
Major pot hole, or sinking asphalt from previous fill. Possible accident bound to happen as cars stops suddenly to go over  or swerved over to  left suddenly almost hting or cars.
multiple deep potholes, at least 6. between Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Joplin St.in  4500 block  Clairemont Dr. 92117

 street (cul de sac) is one block long.  is in need  repair. Streets division has been responsive in getting small potholes repaired, however,  entire block (3200  horton ave needs to be repaired. I have tried since 2012 to get  street slurried . In 2014   streets division promised that when funds were available,  street would be repaired(I still have  email)  Please repair street.
On Genesee going southbound, just north  Genesee Court East
Pothole on westbound side  Clairemont Mesa Blvd.  Pothole has grown to  size  a tire.  Please fix/fill  before someone gets injured.
There's a huge pothole on Convoy between Engineer Road and Ronson.  Southbound side.   damaged my rim (bent ).  I will be submting a claim.  I'm unable to take a picture.  's on  inside lane and 's not safe to stop.  's just prior to  double yellow line medium close to  restaurant, Pokirrto.My rim is out  true and needs to be replaced.   I will be submting a claim for  and anor rim that was cracked in downtown San Diego.Ray Fennell619-847-2290450 J Street #4171San Diego, CA 92101
There's a huge pothole on  corner by  construction se.  My driver's side rim was cracked.   needs to be replaced.  I will be submting a claim for  rim that was cracked in downtown San Diego.Ray Fennell619-847-2290450 J Street #4171San Diego, CA 92101
POT HOLE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE STREET. HAZARDOUS. ON THE CORNER OF DAWES
 least 5 MAJOR POTHOLES on 4500 block  Clairemont Drive, southbound. You have to swerve around each one to miss m. Cy workers managed to paint yellow traffic lines  week north and south, but overlooked an ENTIRE street full  potholes. Major ones are in middle  block, plus large one at intersection  Clmt Dr. and Joplin St.
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
North Torrey Pines Road between La Jolla Village Dr and Expedion Way:3 potholes northbound, 1 pothole southbound.
Pothole in fast lane on Jackson Dr. eastbound just past intersection wh Cowles Mtn Blvd.
Three Big potholes! Please fix!!
Past construction that has been patched but still has holes and is very rough.
11" x 11", 10" deep. In  middle  Moraga Avenue lane just as  is turning left onto Balboa Avenue.
On Ingraham right under  bridge that has Sea World Drive on  crossing over Ingraham, is a pothole about 11" x 10" and 9" deep in  middle   2nd lane. Anyone who drives into  is very likely to have a bad suation for ir car.  is currently  biggest pothole in San Diego County that I am aware  and I am a full time Lyft driver.
Navajo Rd left turn lane just as  is going onto College Avenue. Dinner plate size hole about 4" deep.
Middle   east going lane  Adams Avenue right at  intersection  Hawley Blvd. 10" x 8" and about 5" deep.
Very large pothole traveling west bound right after  i-805 north bound on ramp. Contact is Nathan at 858-735-3963
  corner  Merrimac and Park West re is a pothole in  street that is getting bigger. Also raised sidewalk by vynel fence side that is getting dangerous.
Potholes
There?s a pothole in  middle lane, just after  large dip in  paving that is getting bigger by  day.
Large pothole on  west bound side  Clairemont Mesa Blvd which caused a flat tire. Please repair  pothole.
large pothole heading on southbound west mission bay dr directly underneath  sea world dr overpass
Asphalt damage in alley. Asphalt broken up.
Potholes
Left turning lane  road needs to be completely patched tons  cracks and holes. This is 4th request
Terrible pothole, very deep. Right lane  southbound santo road at school driveway
8-10 HOLES ALONG STREET
Large pothole at  ex   shopping center
Multiple potholes and rips in  bike lane onEl Camino Real... north  Hwy 56 and all  way past One Paseo Project heading north
Large potholes everywhere!!
Pacific Highway, from 5N to Barnett Ave., has numerous large potholes in  fast and middle lane. Most   potholes are in  fast lane.
9050 Gold Coast Drive ..big pothole in west bound lane
Giant pothole right in  middle   road. Several smaller potholes around  and refore difficult to navigate around 
  corner  Linda Vista and Fulton someone "fixed"  drain covers, but in doing  y dug up one side   road and n repaved  making  uneven wh  road surface.  is now a huge "pothole" in  road.  please fix  road so  is now even now  large dip.
Numerous potholes in  driving lane on Carol Canyon Road causing drivers to cross over  yellow line to avoid all way from Miramar Road to Camino Santa Fe. These potholes  been here for months.
Pothole on Broadway near 30th. Left turn lane heading south on 30th turning left onto Broadway.
There are multiple potholes along W Mission Bay Dr between  bridge and Bahia Resort. In  past few months re have been more potholes and y are getting bigger.
Pothole. One  many on  street.
Pothole. One  many on  street.
Please fill in  pot hole whin  number one east bound lane  North Harbor Drive east   intersection  Laning Road.
Big pothole in  intersection.
Pothole/sink hole in  middle   street
This store is horrible!  knocked my car out  alignment. ?s been  way for months! What is   deal?
potholes destroying my car. Who do I talk to about getting  cy to pay for  sine you wont fix  street?????
 entire West Pt Loma is a disaster ruining peoples cars . Why is  allowed? fix  streets wh our tax dollars. This is not ok and has been going on for a long time
LARGE pot hole on pedestrian path. Extremely hazardous
Street paved in April 2018 and already several potholes in Cul de sac.
NB lane
Potholes
Large pothole on n  middle   street
Popped my tire at  pot hole!
Rutted street texture on a major east/west artery to access Clairemont neighborhoods
Pothole as you make a right on to freeway 15 going south
Pothole in  middle   intersection  Ruffner St and Ronson Rd.
Pot holes on central from Landis to Dwight - Central needs paving from Wightman to Dwight
From 38th St. to - Central Ave -  entire street is riddled wh pot hole and street is in dire need  paving
coming up on our street Birchwood - from Zion - on  right side  street about 10 feet is a large pothole. Then anor one about 10 feet from that one.
There's a large pothole (2ft in diameter and several inches deep) in  middle   intersection  Mt. Aguilar Dr and Mt. Albertine Ave, 92111.
Pot holes. Not fixed yet!!!
Two large/deep potholes in intersection before cross walk going east on balboa Ave
Street is in horrible u drivable condion
Essrbound left lane
The entire alley between  4900 block  Brighton Ave. and Cape May Ave. is completely riveted wh potholes.
Many Sharp potholes
2 potholes
Potholes in culdesac. Kids costantly getting hurt. Please repave our culdesac.
Hay muchos potholes up and down College Ave.  Please fix!!!!!
Pothole
The asphalt has been pushed up causing unsafe condions
On Souast corner  College and Universy Ave. Pothole is right in front   sidewalk curb cutout for disabled and wheelchair pedestrians.  also catches anyone making a right turn onto Universy Ave and is constantly enlarged.
The group that is putting in  new water pipeline has absolutely trashed Upas Street.  The road is so bumpy  feels like riding  Indiana Jones ride at Disneyland but whout  atrics.  And don't even think  driving on  whout a sports bra.   what point are y going to be done and resurface  entire street??  is ruining my car's suspension and alignment.
Near Jersey Mikes
several potholes at  location
large pothole in middle  intersection  Mt. Aguilar and Mt. Albertine Ave.  Hole is exposing water or sewer drain cap which makes care run over sharp edge  cap.
Hi, re is a pothole at  Corner  Kane and Garfield near  park, Please fill as soon as you can. Thank you Also Thank you for all your hard work and Fixing Clairemont Dr by a full repave   street, s much better. Might I add that you for getting Sports Arena and Rosecrans nice and repaved.
Ran over chuck   street west side  Escala Dr 40 yds north  Chretian Ct.  Please check.
Hi, Why is Sea World Dr such a terrible street to drive on. Someone is eventually go to crash because   dips and bumps on  portions   road. A lot  people use  street bc re is no West Bound f ramp to OB and MB and a lot  tourist use  every day to get to Sea World, Why is  so dippy, s one   worst roads in San Diego wh a lot  traffic on .  should be a lot smoor and should be fixed before some one crashes. I drive a tahoe and I feel like Im going to bottom out on  bumps going east bound. But s just as bad coming from  freeway. The stretch is from South Shores Parkway to S Shore Rd on Sea World Dr going West bound and East Bound. Please address  b/c s  worst road in San Diego, Thank you
Also Thank you for all your hard work and Fixing Clairemont Dr by a full repave   street, s much better. Might I add that you for getting Sports Arena and Rosecrans nice and repaved.There is anor portion  Clairemont dr that is in  same shape as  hill was, s  portion from Dakota Dr to Iroquois Ave South Bound on Clairemont Dr. s terrible. Lots  small potholes,  road is damaged as bad as  hill was and need to all be repaired just as you did for  hill. I travel  2-3 times a day taking my son to Marston and Clairemont High. s so bad I dont not drive in one   lanes s that bad b/c  all   bumps makes my car vibrate. Please look into s need your attention Thank you
Lastly, back to Bay park.  I dont know who paved  after  water dept did ir job but whoever paved  did something wrong for  to happen for  3rd time.  The road is coming apart again and re about 10 potholes from  road coming apart. Some body did something wrong for  to happen.  You guys did a repair but you need to come back out and do some more. The street should be repaved again and properly.   has nothing to do wh cars that drive on  or  ground below,  has to do wh  way y paved  road and didnt let  cure or didnt clean  dust before y laid  asphalt. Eir way  was done wrong and need to be fixed, not patched up again. Thank you for your attention and hard work. Im only reporting what I see b/c i travel se roads a 2-3 times a day taking my kids to school. Thank you for getting  done
The entire length  Gold Coast between Black Mountain and Camino Ruiz needs to be repaved. The entire street is nothing but potholes and crumbling patch jobs. Fix  now!
Along Convoy St. Two potholes in  outside left turning lane on to Balboa Ave.
Pothole
Deep pothole in street near driveway to Vallarta restaurant
Southbound lane pothole
Several pot holes on  south east side  Wandemere going east from Park Ridge to Bonnie View
Pothole in  southbound lane in  3200 block  Wing St.
Pothole 12"
As an older disabled person  is really dangerous for me and ors in  dark at night. Dangerous for auto tires as well. Please fix  hole.
Potholes in both directions in  3700-3720 block  Moraga Ave.
Several potholes on  road that need to be looked at and filled, embarrassing in a tourist area
Pothole
Alley needs to be repaved between moraga and pochantas. Please do not patch as  doesn't help! I posted a message a few months ago now I no longer see  on here
Please repair extensive pothole problem on Golfcrest Dr. extending 7200 through entire stretch through 7800. This street is terrible and is damaging tires and frame  vehicles. Please know I will not hesate to file a claim if my car incurs damages. Please repair  street ASAP. Thank you.
Pretty much all down Jade Coast re are potholes every where!
Pothole in right turn lane near stop sign on 805S ex ramp
Pothole Central on  street! Fix  potholes!
pothole
Pothole near center  Van Dyke Ave., near 4516 Van Dyke Ave. and 4527 Van Dyke Ave.
Pothole that i drove over while heading straight northbound left lane through  intersection
crack hazardous
Pothole
Pothole
The street is destroyed from  construction
Two sets  pot holes 25 feet apart
Pothole
Good afternoon,A call was received from Sandra Steveson?s son regarding  street needing to be paved as well as  existing potholes and overall condion at 5416 Redland Place, 92115.  The caller stated he previously submted a complaint via  Get  Done App; however,  was closed and he was directed to contact PWD engineering line  to file a complaint here regarding  street condion.  He can be reached at 619-326-8741.  The caller didn?t leave his name; he chose to provide his mor?s name instead.Thank you,Rhonda T. IrvingAdministrative Aide ICy  San DiegoPublic Works T (619) 533-3624sandiego.gov
re are potholes all along S. 37th st.
Torn up street and in horrible condion by alley
Two pot holes  se corner , 2 18" diameter potholes.
A deep, narrow hole abutting a concrete patch around a gate valve on Biltmore, just north  Merrimac/Appleton intersection
LARGE POTHOLE AT ENTRANCE TO VALLARTA, CAUSED DAMAGE TO VEHICLE
The pothole is large, and located at  entrance/ex to Vallarta Express along Genesee Avenue. The pothole is on  asphalt   road, adjacent to  curb and gutter. You cannot see  pothole at night and  is very deep and dangerous.
POTHOLE
Numerous potholes on road making  undriveable. Potholes exist on north and southbound lanes  Genesee Ave up to intersection on Linda Vista Road.
RP: Bob WhneyPhone: (858) 663-9111Issue:  3 potholes in  area, y have been repaired three times before but repair does not last.  There is a leak under potholes, potholes always have water in m.
Pothole near here  concrete for  big sewer drain meets wh  asphalt closer to  homes side. Southbound lane.
Worsening pothole (and debris)  at corner  Merrimac Ave and Park West Ave, 92117. Addionally,  red curb nearby  pothole needs painting.
Worsening pothole (and debris)  at corner  Merrimac Ave and Park West Ave, 92117. Addionally,  red curb nearby  pothole needs painting. Adding photos that had  webse advised prior that picture sizes are limed, I would have only needed to subm  request once.Original Report Number: 00335595
Pot hole at end  cul de sac
Pothole on street
Huge pothole!  Giant!  in intersection  Mt Agular and Mt Albertine.  make car go boom!
Major pothole
Huge pot holes on westbound Friars Road
In  alley behind our residence re is a sinkhole forming in  concrete in  alley.  Please check on .
This intersection is full  large potholes, has been like  for a long time. Cars rattle and clunk every time we drive by . Please repair.
There was a very small patch job done at  center section on  east side  Claremont Mesa eastbound from Ruffin Road. But re still ruts in  road affecting my suspension and creating an unsafe condion especially during rush hour.  Please do a better repair here as soon as possible. Thank you
The ruts in  road in  number one lane are very very bad. Small patches were made but  road is still in bad shape. The number two lane isn't that much better. 's very unsafe to be driving in  number one lane
Two pot holes developed after  last rains and has not yet been repaired on  east bound number two lane.
Pothole on west bound number one lane
Big irregular pothole at  crest   hill
Potholes
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes
Pot hole
Pothole
Pothole in SW corner  Camino Del Norte and 15 South on Ramp.
Pothole  7199 LA JOLLA SCENIC DR S
El Cajon Blvd & Rolando Blvd outside 7-11. Drove left on  street and  road ripped out  hub cap and fender.  Dip/pothole.
Alley btw. Emerald and diamond
This whole section  roadway going East is covered in sewer cover pot holes and separation line potholes 5-10" wide. In  middle lane I repeatedly h pot hole after pot hole.
This intersection going Norast has a HUGE road dip that bottoms out my car if I'm going more n 5 mph.
  Winecreek Drive intersection headed East re are two HUGE road dips and potholes that bottom out my car if I'm going more than 10 mph.
Pothole
Pothole
This entire street is filled wh pot holes, cracks, and or damages.  Please expede  repair.  Thanks!
Live on Florida, and over  last year a NIGHTMARE to get anywhere.
POTHOLES BEHIND ADDRESS IN ALLEY/ASPHALT
ALOT OF POTHOLES AT INTERSECTION
Broken water meter cover safety hazard
Two potholes from  construction. Bare dirt.
Please fix any potholes on bike lanes on  street segment on Linda Vista Road, between Genessee Avenue and Mesa College Drive.
Numerous pot holes on  street 10+
Potholes along  gutter in  eastbound #2 lane in  2800 block  Midway Dr.
Large multi pothole leaking water going on 3 months  has been here please fox asap
Francisco Drive has been "on  list" for repaving for que some time. This ENTIRE street has become hazardous for our children and seniors.  We are tired   pothole "fixes" and I requesting a complete evaluation  street repaving ASAP.  I am happy to take images if you'd like, but  basically requires photographing  entire street.

24" x10" pothole middle sb lane just north  Harjoan. Lots  swerving near Jones Elem.
2-3 foot wide pothole
Pothole growing in street near corner
Second pothole in street near corner. One on each side (directional)  street
Multiple potholes that need to be fixed ASAP. Has been reported months ago and still  same state.

Two side-by-side potholes right before  entrance  94-W from Broadway.  There are two entrances to 94-W, one for western traffic turning right onto 94, and one for eastern traffic which turn left onto 94? potholes are for left turning traffic and make turns dangerous.
Very deep potholes that have still not been filled over a 3 month period. They are at  2nd set  tracks heading westbound on 32nd St on  far right #3 lane. They are at least 4" deep at  point which can severely damage a cars alignment.  also poses a very big danger to motorcycles if ir tire were caught in one  m.
Pothole
north bound tire popping cracks
POTHOLE
Pothole in  middle   double yellow lines that is so big that no matter which way you go east or west you will fall into .
Left lane
There are lots  dangerous potholes on Navajo between Park Ridge and College Ave.There are large cracks that are dangerous for bicycles.
Large pothole at intersection
There is a giant and deep pothole on Word Trade Drive turning onto Conference Way.
Multiple potholes in  middle lane up to  intersection  Shoal Creek Dr.
POTHOLE CLOSE TO DRIVEWAY (CALLED SINCE 2 YRS AGO, STILL WAITING)
Pothole middle  street.
Gutter needs filling.
Gutter needs filling.
Gutter needs filling.
Pothole on  narrow right shoulder.
Bike "lane" death traps
Pothole in turning lane
Potholes
pothole
Significantly sized pothole on  bridge heading west f  805 N El Cajon Blvd freeway ex.
Large pothole in front  second driveway entrance.
4th REQUEST. Over  past year  street  Mount Everest has been repaved TWO TIME until you stop at  mt Ashmun corner. From re on we have NOT been repaved in who knows how long. Our street looks cheap, is full  potholes, completely bumpy, Wales sleeping babies when you drive over  and for  amount  property taxes we pay on a $700k house  is ridiculous. What will  take?
POTHOLES ON ANTIGUA ST< FROM APPLE TREE DR.TO CAMINITA DE LA FADA >.92124
more than one, but 1 big one, is in  NB lane  Mercury St. affecting  on-ramp traffic to SB 163 (see map).  Not visible at night, so I keep hting .
2 potholes right at  intersection
POTHOLE CHUNKS COMING APART
Several potholes have formed between West Overlook Dr and Ans St on Trojan after  was just repaved several weeks ago.  least one  m is over 12" wide and a few inches deep by  looks  .
Pothole in street  yost drive and Alta vista stree San Diego calif 92109
potholes on  intersecetion  Capricorn Way and Polaris Drive
Potholes on  intersection  Bootes Street and Aquarius drive.Some   potholes were repaired but 2 potholes were missed in  intersection.
north side  intersection wh Via Cima Bella & Paseo Temporada
Morena Blvd NB right lane just before Avati. Contractor trench repair has failed

Contractors trench across right lane  northbound Ingram before  bus stop was not filled in well making for a bone jarring two wheel pothole. Getting worse.
 pothole out in front  3238 horton ave. has continued to grow as time goes on and people continue to park against  wood curb. Please repair  pothole.
The entire street is ltered wh potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
3 big potholes on  Northbound side  road going towards I-5. Been re for months and now getting bigger.
Multiple small, medium and large potholes on parkway

Pothole by stop line heading to beyer blvd
Tags in parking lot and on palm tree
Jade Coast Drive in Mira Mesa has been riddled wh potholes for months.  I would nominate  for one   worst roads in  cy.  Forget pothole repair, re are far too many, and  road is basically splting apart.  This needs to be repaved as soon as possible.  Thank you.
N/e corner
Pot hill. Heavy trucks or a pipe underneath created upheaval. Now 's tearing up  under side  my car. Where do I send  bill to to get my car fixed?Alley way right in front  my garage. This is  4th report.
Three separate construction patch jobs have created a teeth shattering row  suspension killing bumps
Pothole at 10300 Lipscomb Drive.
potholes in  intersection  La Jolla scenic dr south and Rutgers rd.
There is a pot hole in National ave going east before 32nd street.
Pothole, right lane, southbound
many wide AND DEEP potholes on San Pasqual Rd from Old Milky Way to  viciny  Tierra De Dios. Holes larger than a pick-up truck tire.  In lanes in both directions, near  center line, near  right shoulder, patches coming out in chunks leaving huge holes and damaging following vehicles.  Chronic problem, don't patch (because your guys do a crappy job) repair  entire road properly.
Turning right onto Pearl from La Jolla Blvd by  gas station corner...pothole,  has sunken again.
The entire asphalt section on  east bound  new salem street is damaged and has pretty deep potholes all over s been like  for over 3 to 4 months please take care  Thanks
Large pothole that may damage car
THIS STREET NEEDS TO BE REPAIRED - NOW! - 7048-7054 Bobhird Dr, San Diego, CA 92119, USA THE STREET EFFECTED IS BOBHIRD DRIVE BETWEEN JACKIE AND MULVANEY DRIVES.   STOP THE DELAY IN ITS REPAIR - HIGHLY TRAFFICED STREET! There are terrible deep grooves and potholes covering  middle third   street that effects driver side tires as opposing cars drive past each or. More and more swerving to miss  elongated potholes and deep grooves that cause cars to repeatedly cross over into  opposing lane, causing near impact misses.
Large potholes
2 potholes in  street
2 potholes in  street
Very large pothole almost caused accident. Contact is Carla at 858-436-5743
Pothole
POTHOLE ON SAN DIEGO AVE DAMAGED TIRE
3-4 wide and chunks   surface are separating and eir laying on Lipscomb or neighbors are pushing to  curb.   is indicative   high traffic on Jade Coast and Lipscomb as people cut from Camino Ruiz to Gold Coast.  Moreover  is indicative   state  many Mira Mesa surface streets.
There is a very low spot in  left turn lane on south bound Limerick, to  Clairmont Blvd. east bound. The street has a very low or falling spot, app 50 ' from  PCR.  has been re for some time and is getting worse.
Large pothole (about a foot in diameter) on  right side   right lane  southbound Genesee Ave about 100 yds north  Genesee Court E
Sink hole
Pot hole near  school cross walk in front  elementary school.
Multiple potholes in front  elementary school.
Multiple potholes in near Park haven Apartments.
Many potholes on Golfcrest, in San Carlos! s a disgrace!
Potholes in front   following addresses:4062, 4068, 4072, 4086 Avati Drive San Diego 92117
Potholes/cracked, uneven pavement
Eastbound Mira Mesa Blvd after Westview Parkway intersection is full  potholes.





Baldy damaged asphalt "speedbump" on WB Washington causing major damaged to vehicle.  Cars are swerving on to 8th to avoid .  This has been reported more than 200 times over  past 10 years.
Numerous potholes


Large pothole.  Reported 8 previous times.
How many reports is  going to take to get  fixed

s extremely disturbing that  repair request for  major damage at  intersection was "closed out" yesterday.  Clearly  damaged has not been repaired and  business causing has not been stopped.  I will be contacting  media and  mayors fice about  intersection. This is a 15 year problem.
Two small but deep potholes on eir side  where Navajo meets College Ave. on just as you enter  turn lane to turn left on to College, and one as you drive north on college and turn right onto Navajo. There are several or misc potholes here, but se two are deep enough to bend  rim  a wheel.
West bound lanes on Carmel mountain rd at canter heights
East bound lanes on Carmel mountain rd at canter heights
Water has been seeping all week (seems to be on Felton).  Pothole has now formed on Redwood on westbound side  street.
Manhole not at correct level
Potholes
Patches on pot holes have crumble. Leaving pot holes exposed
pothole in middle  street
multiple holes.both up hill and down hill   steel plate
in middle  street
pothole in middle  street
In  middle   intersection is a very very deep pot hole
Deep pothole in left-most turn lane.
Bad pothole just north  Batista. Contact is Joe at 619-813-9573
Pothole
On ramp to Friars



Multiple potholes in  viciny. The whole road needs to be replaced...'s embarrassing
Driving east before Beyer intersection. Not a pothole but for very long time issue. The left lane has a bump stick out I always have to dodge going downhill. This has never been fixed to be smooth and leveled even tough  road has been redone.  Same wh  oppose side big bumps instead  potholes.
Big pothole or drop f on left lane going west on palm ave
Pothole in  street is slowly getting bigger.
Please help us fix  pot holes in front  2039, 2062, 2118, 2128, 2141 and 2136 Boundary St, San Diego, CA. 92104.  Boundary street south  Laurel Street is a mess.
Pothole in front  4505 Van Dyke Ave.  (Cross-reference:  see Report # 0035224 for pothole at 4516 Van Dyke Ave.)
I understand that sewage and or infrastructure work will continue for some time but McGraw and Lloyd Streets are SO torn up that y're dangerous. The asphalt is ripped out and re are huge fissures everywhere; one cannot bike  street or even walk across  whout risking serious injury. Can't  streets be at least temporarily re-sealed so that y're passable. We don't get ANY timeline on  work -- and at some point  feels more like an inconvenience than an improvement.

Pothole on Genesee Avenue southbound.
Multiple potholes along southbound Kearny Mesa Rd.
Pothole on southbound Moraga Avenue near  intersection  Balboa Avenue.
3rd request !!!!      2 potholes on raised speed bump is causing tire damage and needs to be filled on  northbound lane.  Please fill asap. Thanks .
Intersection  Mt Everest and Mt Blanca
POTHOLE 6" - 8" WIDE
Large pothole
Numerous potholes from intersection to 163 on ramp
Several potholes on Golfcrest Drive between Mission Gorge Rd and Ruane St.
The entire. Steeet and all  way through to  St Agnes Church and our Portuguese Festa parade route. Several people tripped
Extreme amounts  potholes/broken pavement
Three large potholes westbound lanes center lane
Fresh potholes after tax dollars spent to repave Trojan Ave.
Northbound lane  Ruffner Street multiple potholes
Fresh potholes (#2) after tax dollars spent to repave Trojan Ave.
Fresh potholes (#3) after tax dollars spent to repave Trojan Ave.
Fresh potholes (#4) after tax dollars spent to repave Trojan Ave.
Fresh potholes (#5) after tax dollars spent to repave Trojan Ave.
Fresh potholes (#6) after tax dollars spent to repave Trojan Ave.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
POTHOLE
Is re any way to have  portion pass  trolley tracks resurfaced to Akins St? This part is in such bad condion that  add one more thing for drivers to be concerned about. 's dangerous.
Potholes
Approximately 6 or 8 weeks ago,  sewer department dug two holes in Camino Marzella to repair lateral sewer line connections in front  1851 and 1891.  After  sewer repair y put in temporary road patches, Since that time y came back and permanently repaired  road in front  1851 but have not repaired  road in front  1891. The temporary patch is sinking and has created a pot-hole.
Many long cracks and potholes on Navajo Road between Parkridge and College Ave. Westbound lanes are especially bad.
Many potholes on W Mission Blvd between  bridge and The Bahia Hotel
Pothole on northbound lane at Fairmount Ave & Redwood St.
POTHOLES ON BOTH SIDES OF STREET, ON NAVAJO, BETWEEN COLLEGE & JACKSON
pothole in middle lane in front  Chase bank
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole 2295 Main St San Diego, CA 92154, USABig pothole on right lane before intersection. more...Pothole 2295 Main St San Diego, CA 92154, USABig pothole on right lane before intersection. more...Big pothole on right lane before intersection. Going east bound before Hollister intersection on right lane
Pomerado  and rancho Bernardo road....streets are in very poor condion covered wh pot holes  Needs work!!!!
There are several potholes on 73rd street (Between El Cajon Blvd and Mohawk St).People crossing  street can trip and fall. Overall that part   street needs some maintenance.Thank you
Euclid Av & Euclid Pl inside lane pothole
A total repacking is needed on Matinal Road between Florindo and Pinzon.  The or parts  Matinal Road have been replaced and a section was left unpacked that is badly needed.  Please review as very bad sections exist in road.
Details/Comments:From Innovative Dr to Otay Vally Rd,  condion   road is low condion. There is a giant pot hole and multiple place where is has sunken or raised areas. Also at  intersection  Datsun St and Otay Vally Rd is complete inadequate.brian@terrytown.com
Steel plates moved at Costco driveway.
Pothole
Pothole in  middle  road in front  3508 Accomac Ave
Dwight St in s entirety in North Park is a complete mess.  has cracks, potholes, you name , 's re.  needs repaving so badly. They came through and filled things a year ago, but even those spots are opening up. 's The curbs are all low and breaking too.
Small circumference but deep pothole in far right hand lane  westbound Navajo Rd. Caused possible damage to my tire.
Pothole heading west
Massive pot hole swallowed my whole tire &  sidewalk immediately bubbled out
Hi, re is a Pot Hole on Jellet st west side  Arnott st , Thank ou
There is a pot hole down  hill where  Asphalt meets  cement on Arnott St
Subject: Road Maintenance Potholes - Carmel Valley Rd, San Diego, CA 92127Good morning,Headed East - Intersection  Carmel Valley and Winecreek Rd DEEP DIP that bottoms vehicles out at more than 5 mph.aparisette@gmail.com
The whole drive on clairemont mesa blvd. from Ruffin Rd to 805 is a mess, street cracks, pot holes, you could lose your car in.  I'm tired  repairing my vehicle because  .  Please repave , fix  or something.

Potential sink hole is forming in  number 2 lane  westbound El Cajon Boulevard in front  6954 and 6956 El Cajon Boulevard.  Over  past few weeks, a dip has formed and is continually getting worse.  Cars show a noticeable lean as y drive through  dip.
Potholes in bike path in front  bus stop.
POTHOLE ACROSS FROM ADDRESS S/B LEFT LANE
W/B NORTH SIDE BY CURB POTHOLE 30' AWAY FROM APPROX ADDRESS
Potholes in bike lane.
Large pothole estbound on Poway Road between Springhurst and Cy  Poway boundary.
POTHOLE
A very large and deep chunk  road is missing from  ramp that leads from Mission Center Rd northbound to Friars Rd eastbound.  is in  right hand side   roadway near where  lanes merge from 2 to 1 and is at least a foot deep. Any motorcycle or bicycle that hs  is going down.
On May 9 at around 12:35pm I left Sea World (from a Perez Cove) driving on Ingraham (South) heading to I-8. Just before getting to Sea World Drive overpass re is a deep pothole towards  left side   road
Mryth and 46 th street has 2 pothole
Multiple potholes. Very rough road.
Again, same terrible road, multiple potholes.
New & deep pothole
Rough, rutted up, pothole at intersection.
The pothole is on Capricorn just north   Polaris address.  South West corner  Polaris Drive and Capricorn way. Actually, I think re is a water leak causing  pot hole.  I called  water department about a month ago and nothing was done.
This Pot hole is getting deeper everyday. 's in  inside lane going South on Camino Ruiz just past four way stop. I h  hard on way to work around 1:15am pretty hard h.

Multiple potholes in bike lane through  intersection  Linda vista and Family.
The road surface  World Trade Dr. from Highland Ranch Rd. to Stoney Peak Dr. is in terrible condion and has been for several years.   need to be resurfaced.
Numerous size potholes and asphalt cracks in Lane number 1 westbound.
There has been extensive road work done at  intersection  Clairemont Mesa Blvd. and Via Valarta in Tierrasanta (re is a stoplight).  As a result re is a section   intersection that has been filled several times and is continuing to collapse and form two deep potholes.   You h  potholes if you are heading east on Clairemont Mesa and turn left onto Via Valarta at  light.  Both lanes have deep holes which were filled recently but  holes continue to sink and 's very tough to avoid a significant "clunk" if you can't steer around m.  I've watched people swing wide to  right and to  left to try and avoid m.  There may still be a long-term leak underneath  se causing  sinking-- has gotten worse over  last four weeks.
Southbound Camino Ruiz, just past cross street Aquarius Dr, has a couple  mean potholes that need to be fixed ASAP.
El Camino Real near Hwy 56 in Carmel Valley, both northbound and southbound at  bridge.  Eir  bridge is rising, or  road is sinking, but  dip in  road on both sides   bridge in both directions is getting deep and is dangerous.  You need to fill  dip in both directions on both sides  where  street meets  bridge.
Cy owned portions  San Pasqual Road is in grave need  repair, numerous deep potholes, numerous future potholes due to surface errosion,  curbing failures, faded striping.  Current satelle images speak for mselves addionally, crews were out a few months ago for a few pothole repairs, surely can supply you  evidence needed  What is  status?
From central to 38th st - Redwood is riddled wh pot holes and street is in dire need  paving
This cul de sac needs holes, cracks  filled and repaving
deep pothole in  middle  street
Pot holes and deep open cracks everywhere. I have been filing claims about se potholes for  past year. Fairmount Avenue in both directions is hazardous and in dire need  road resurfacing. I just got new tires on my vehicle and one month later went in for an oil change and my auto body mechanic said my tires are already cupping. Please use my tax dollars to keep up my neighborhood. Do use roads are extremely dangerous, especially when wet.
8645 Covina Street ..deep pothole in  middle   street and large wide pothole toward  side   street (toward 8645 house)
in  left turn lane on  4900 block  Limerick ave and Clairemont Mesa Blvd.  street is sinking in,  creating a pot hole.
turning right onto navajo road from college avenue re is a very large pothole that needs to be filled. thank you.
Numerous large potholes and damaged asphalt.  Very disappointing that or potholes reported after se were last reported just a few feet away were filled in  last 24 hours but se were ignored again.  This is a years long problem at  intersection.
You can see  pothole just above my car hood. There are potholes on  Aldine ramp getting onto Fairmount Ave heading north. The potholes are also on Fairmount Ave and Aldine Dr going southbound as well. These roads are filled wh potholes and require immediate attention. I have been reporting se for over a year wh no actions seen. The roads in my neighborhood are doing damage to my vehicles. Please use my tax dollars to fix my neighborhood.
Large pothole has already popped a couple  tires.
There is a sizable pothole on  left side   eastbound lane  Balboa, right before  joins wh Garnet.
Pothole at Flanders Drive and Westchester Avenue in Mira Mesa
Gutter drain area badly worn/damaged. Bike and wheelchair access is very difficult. Many repairs in  area over 5 yeas and no thorough final refinishing. Elderly communies surround  area.
3-4 wide and chunks   surface are separating and eir laying on Lipscomb or neighbors are pushing to  curb.  is indicative   high traffic on Jade Coast and Lipscomb as people cut from Camino Ruiz to Gold Coast. Moreover  is indicative   state  many Mira Mesa surface streets.
Pothole repaired ~2wk ago is back to being a pothole. Hard to tell from photo.
Pothole by  right-side driveway  5025 Niagara Avenue.  was a large hole that we'd reported a while back, and now  looks like y paved  street before filling  crevice. There is now asphalt that dips and moves even wh a footstep, and definely wh any cars that drive over  to enter  driveway.  might need to be repaired or sealed, as  is loose and seems dangerous.
2x2 pothole growing bigger every day.

Lomica Drive pothole for filling
Fix asap thanks
4" deep need repair asap....thank u?
Pothole
Hole that caused my bicycle crash! This is directly in  bike lane.  I crashed my bike and had to have a CAT scan at hospal.  Needed to me transported by ambulance.  Lawsu coming soon. This has already been reported by ors wh no response.
Large potholes
Big pot hole next to Center line
Huge pothole/dip causing cars to swerve into oncoming traffic
Giant pothole
Potholes and deep cracks all over intersection
Pothole
Pothole in front  2260 Calle Tres Lomas next to Center line cross street Potomac
Pothole
Pothole
re is a water pipeline project on my street. I have three large potholes in front  my drive way. Would like to have m filled.
8994 Covina Street ...a deep pothole in  middle   street
Street is cracked and has asphalt chunks coming up
Safty
Corner  Market & State, on Market. Quickly growing pothole. Lot  cracks in asphalt due to pour repair.
;Pot hole possible  sunken trench hazard . On  corner
s a manhole cover in left lane and is way below paved surface. 's worse than a pot hole....cuts into tire.
8819 Gold Coast Drive ..west bound ..2 jarring big potholes. Please!!!
The entire one-block street  Vista Hill Avenue is ltered wh multiple potholes.   is more like an obstacle course than a road.   needs a more permanent re-paving method than just patching individual holes because  all  traffic going to and from surrounding facilies -- several hospals & a skilled nursing facily, Juvenile Court, Juvenile Hall, Probation Department.  Huge potential for collisions and pedestrian injuries.
Numerous bottles on seminole  between Standley and artDescription should have read Potholes not bottles
There are many potholes throughout Ensign St.
On westbound Harbor Dr. about halfway between Front and Market, re is a pothole near  right curb.  about  same location, in  right automobile lane,  asphalt is buckled at  se  a previous repair, forming a "skateboard ramp". Both problems create a risk  injury for cyclists. I have launched my bike into  air more than once after riding over  center   ramp. A cyclist hting  edge   ramp would risk a crash.
Del Mar Height Height to West from Lansdale Dr. to Torrey Ridge Dr.  road is terrible! a lot  potholes, damage, crash, not even road!
massive pothole through out technology pl, san diego, CA 92127.  road is falling apart.
Very bad! lots  pothole from here to all  way  Sorrento Valley Rd. Sorrento Valley Road has a lot  potholes and cracks!  A lot  constructions dig  road and not put  back to even!
There are 2 bumps on  road
A lot  potholes on El Camino Real from  beginning on Del Mar Heights Rd. to R56
Carmel Del Norte is in a very bad shape on both sides!from I-15 to west on Camino Del Norte to Camino San Bernardo,  road is cracked everywhere and potholes everywhere!
Starting from  George Cooke Express Drive. all  way to Camino Del norte.  right lane is terrible. lots  pot holes. heading south west. please fix  road.  unevenness is a hazard to drivers
POTHOLE
There are several potholes on  ramp leading from mission center rd heading east onto Friars Rd. My car h a particularly sharp and deep one and y need to be fixed immediately.
  top   17A ex f  805 south is at least one pothole that's impossible to see in  dark, right in front   stop sign on Ohio st, a block away from 7-11.
Shty road condion, cracked and crumbling pavement, potholesThank you
Left turn lane onto dcb.  Pothole
Potholes all throughout our culdesac. Uneven gravel and slippery. Multiple kid injuries. Please repave our culdesac before kids get seriously hurt.
Pothole at College Ave going southbound in right lane before freeway 8 West framp.
Reverse pothole. Significant dip and elevated bumps,  Left side  Lane
POTHOLE RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE INTERSECTION
This entire street is filled wh pot hole.  To prevent costly repair, please review/repair as soon as possible.  Thanks!
East bound camino del Rio s concrete damage needs to be repaired.
Pothole in Northwest corner  Balboa Ave/Ruffin Rd intersection
Many potholes and alligator cracking along 25th st. South  Coronado ave.
Pothole at  intersection  Stresemann Street and Lamas Street
Multiple potholes and cracks reported by constuents.  Multiple locations whin a block or so, images attached.  Locations:12479 Grandee Rd12498 Grandee Rd. 17345 Grandee Pl.12475 ConquistadorAnd  entrance f Pomerado Rd to Grandee Pl (at  golf course crossing)Please make appropriate repairs.
20102-21256 San Pasqual Rd,  Major potholes, looks like war zone
asphalt missing in multi holes plus wheel tracks worn for many feet.- a danger to wheels on cars.
LOTS OF HOLES IN STREET CHUNKS COMING UP
pothole that is about 3' x 2'  next to  curb on  or side   street from 3238 horton ave. I turned  request in about three weeks ago , but  issue has not been addressed yet. Hopefully  will get taken care  in  next couple  weeks.
POTHOLE
There are potholes all along S 37th st. Starting from 37th and Newton all  way passed Boston
Street repairs making street worse not better.  Some replacement sections seem lower than existing pavement and should be bad in a year or two.  4 x's  street is being cleared, how many more?  As  is worse now, wh newly rehabbed homes,  whole street needs to be replaced before anymore work and money spent.
Pothole in stop sign right turn lane where  ex ramp meets Ohio & Madison
P/H BY PACIFIC WESTERN BANK IN THE NEARBY INTERSECTION OF TOWN CENTER DR
Pot holes
Asphalt has sunk 2-3 inches and is getting worse. Diameter is about 12 inches. Across from driveway at 5301 Chollas Pkwy. Sorry - bad picture.
multiple potholes on Dunhill/Roselle st, specifically a few clustered in  middle   street where  road bends.
multiple potholes on Camino Ruis, going south, starting from  Calle Cristobal turn and right down to Zapata ave
POTHOLES AND CRACKS
Extremely large dangerous pothole on onramp to friars - nearly blew my tire.
There is a pothole on  entrance ramp from mission center rd onto Friars Rd East  size that will surely cause a lot  damage and injury to anyone that runs into . There were several cars pulled over wh bent rims as a result   crevice / POT HOLE
Pothole at  norast corner  intersections  Mira Mesa Road and New Salem St.
2-3 Potholes in front   address listed that have chunks  tar loosen when cars pass over m.
All along  milky way road re is various pot holes, but 3 that are Very concerning. One pot hole by a farm / lamppost that is really dangerous to all  cars' tire's suspension.
Pothole in  southbound bike lane in front  4282 Genesee Ave.
intersection  Elm Ave and 16th st has numerous potholes. They are located where 16th St  meets Elm Ave (south end  16th St), and in  middle  Elm Ave
Manhole cover at Scott & Ingelow is in need  repair.
Pothole
Pothole
P
One  many on L J parkway
Pothole right where Mesa College Dr. meets Linda Vista. In  left lane going straight, next to turn lane.
There are two or three big ones in  right lane headed eastbound on Universy. This is between 54th and Chollas pkwy
There are horrible potholes on Camino Ruiz between Calle Cristobal  and Capricorn on  southbound traffic lanes
Referred from water to rep pot hole hazard
Potholes
Potholes all over Tarbox St
Potholes up and down Tarbox St
Large pothole looks to be about 4-6 inches deep,  and about 12 x 18 in inches in size.  Second ltle pothole  as well.
4 potholes needed to be filled on clairemont Drive
The Westbound lane  Otay Mesa Road is potholes and degraded road surface for 1/4 mile. There are asphalt blobs all over  place due to  terrible road condion that make  surface worse.

Por hole at stop light turning left onto mission bay dr
Massive potholes / missing pavement
Pot holes / missing pavement
Missing pavement / potholes
Missing section  pavement
2 potholes
Potholes missing pavement
The crown on  street has been compromised due to poor resurfacing.  Now  Cy is going to cover up bad work.  Thanks for ruining  street and not making  better. Driving west to east from my house, vehicles dip to  left at one repair and a dip in anor driving  oppose direction.  This is my Second report on  Poor Repair Job.
The pothole is on  ramp adjacent to  shell gas station. Drove over  last night, was pretty gnarly and definely gave my spine a good shock. (EAST BOUND FRIARS RD RAMP FROM MISSION CENTER RD)
Pothole in front  address, misaligned my SUV!
On Hawley Blvd between Adams and Collier  street is relatively rough.  This is caused by places where  asphalt has been pushed up in waves, generally against work done on buried utilies.   would be appreciated if se high spots could be ground f to smooth  street.
Major Potholes at  souast section   intersection
Morena Blvd at Ticonderoga Street re is a major tire-busting pothole at intersection caused by increase in truck traffic.  Thank you!3500 block  Morena where 8 new homes are currently in production.
WB pothole
Did  cy forget about  street?  Pot holes and damages are every where.  Please advised!  Thanks!
Across left 2 lanes, repair work is horrible and needs to be flat and smooth.
PER WTR UNIT 1927 REFER TO ST DIV FOR ROAD MIX WAS REFERRED TO WTR BY STORMWATER
Pothole
Surface depressions and a pothole in  west bound lane  Aldine Dr., near  electronic speed sign.
Two potholes in front  residence. Street is in disrepair. Needs to be resurfaced
Pleeeeeeease fix  bike lane. My booty can't take any more. Thanks!!
When making a left turn f  Montongo onto Tyrolean  road is just a big mess. Cracks and potholes everywhere. Also on berryknoll street. We have lived here for 16 years and se streets have NEVER been repaired.. and  shows.
On Genesee southbound; just north  Genesee Court East. Slow lane.
Pothole is 3-4 inches deep right in front  7920 Nightingale Way, San Diego 92123

Location: Kearny Villa Rd & 805 NB f ramp. Very bumpy when driving f  805. Please flatten  slab.
Huge pot hole on ramp west bound to friars Rd, very dangerous and deep please fix ASAP cars can get major damage from !


25th report   pothole.





Need m fixed





Badly damaged asphalt.  Reported more than 20 times.
Damaged asphalt
Pot hole
4575-4599 Mercury St, San Diego, CA 92111 to 4477-4499 Mercury St, San Diego, CA 92111 in both directions north and south   road re are potholes and  road needs to be patched as well since  has many open cracks.  Please repair  potholes and cracks and put  on  resurface request.
Deep, sharp pothole directly in  driving Lane
Three deep potholes going west on W. Mission Bay Drive, east  Gleason Rd and West   bridge.
Huge pot hole/hole in  middle   on ramp  mission center rd merging onto Friars Rd.The closest address I can find is next to Shell Gas Station 5465 Mission Center Rd 92108. This hole is very dangerous and looks like  has been rep[aired before. The hole is about two feet deep and 2 feet across. Needs repair quick or someone may crash upon hting .
A few potholes in southbound/westbound lanes.
lots  parking lot potholes
Many deep cracks and potholes
The stretch  road between Monroe Ave and Meade Ave. BADLY needs repaving. I have asked  before and watch  rest   cy streets being repaved and am shocked that nothing has been done here. PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE repave .  is one   worst and most heavily traveled streets in my neighborhood.
This is not fixing   problem!! You guys came out and fixed  portion   road that was fine and that NO cars but a stupid RV that sleeps here all  time parks at! I don't know who thought  was completed when  issue is on  north side   road..  whole part needs to be fixed not just one portion!!
GET IT DONE RIGHT!! So you're not coming back!!!
Seriously you guys came here saw  bottom   and thought... that's all we need to fix!  FIX THE WHOLE PART!!!
SIXTH AVE & ROBINSON AVE: crosswalk between Union 76 gas station and Re Aid.    crosswalk marker on  sound  6th and Robinson, re is a dip. The dip is very noticeable and can be felt as  being crossed over.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole on market and front, north side. Road disrepair at that area.


Pothole
Pothole
So many potholes along  stretch that has existed for last few months.THE CITY POT HOLE CREW HAS NOT TAKEN CARE OF THESE POTHOLES FOR A LONG WHILE. REQUEST TO TAKE CARE OF THIS  ASAP.
Large potholes.
Strip  road has so many potholes that slowing down to turn right is dangerous
Moultrie and Bunker Hill
Growing! 2nd report!!!
Potholes 25 yards apart.
Hill has multiple severe cracks making  hard for cars to use  road. This is an important street for residents as  leads up to  elementary school.
Pothole
Pothole
Dip is too deep, scrapes front  cars
Potholes
4801-4821 Shawline St, San Diego, CA 92111 to 5011 Shawline St, San Diego, CA 92111 damage is in both directions birth and south.  Many potholes, deep open cracks that  need to be repaired.  Please put  road on a resurfacing list but priory is to repair  many potholes and surface area which is in bad shape.

Pothole in right southbound lane Genesee
Large and deep pothole 20"x20"x4" at intersection  Georgia and Mission
8 potholes
pothole on Calle de las Rosas northbound lane just before  Rancho Penasquos Blvd intersection
Missing metal plate/cover in intersection.   Not a manhole cover, smaller metal cover.


Potholes on edges  cement

Pothole going south on Escala Dr between Drayton Hall and Devereux.
8? deep x 12-18? wide pothole in middle  south side  intersection  Glenbrook Way & Cliffridge Ave
1.5 inches deep.
Big pothole on ramp from Mission Center Rd to Friars Road eastbound (right turn after  Shell gas station)
Potholes
Pothole
North lane on Ingraham just before Law St. After Chalcedony.
There is a pot hole in  street where  meets  gutter.
There is a pothole in  street wear  street meets  gutter

POTHOLES
2 spots where  asphalt is breaking up. The photo is  worst one.
5-6 large potholes
EB Camino Del Rio S at west driveway  4195 Camino Del Rio S, a truck tried to go in driveway and damaged road wh  back end causing deep scrapes in  asphalt.
Pothole. Please fill.
Eastbound Camino Del Rio S at  driveway 3645 Camino del Rio S,  boat trailers are scrapping up  road that was just paved.
Large hole!
Not a pothole, but rar mutiple manhole cover plates which are recessed and resemble a pothole when driving over m.  The location is on Donaker St.  between Stargaze Ave and La Trucha St.   I have noticed many or manhole covers in  viciny   location seem to have a circle  treatment around  manhole, making m level.  The ones on Donaker don't.  Lower part  Donaker, west  La Trucha St. have been treated wh  circular asphalt but not  above mentioned section.  Thanks for your attention to  matter.
 is hard to count  potholes on  multi-block stretch  northbound 28th street between  Market street overpass, and north to Broadway - wh  worst sections just being a mess  broken asphalt & concrete between  I-94 onramp all  way up to E Street.  's something you'd expect to see in Mexico - HORRIBLE.PLEASE REPAVE THIS STRETCH OF 28th SOON!!THX!
Pothole
Pothole in road creating debris that flies up during traffic. Could h a windshield and pothole self is a road hazard.
There are many potholes east and west bound on Navajo between Waring and Park Ridge dr.  Some were filled in, but re are still lots  large ones as well as grass filled ones.
Pothole
There are several potholes and enlarging cracks northbound on College from  Westbound framp heading north up to Del Cerro Blvd.
Potholes in slow lane starting from 563-599 Camino De La Plaza west bound to 3000 Via Nacional. Across  street from Las Americas Plaza in San Ysidro CA.
Large chunk  asphalt missing at curb in front  driveway
Pothole and damaged residential road
The pothole in front  my house is just patched and  or one has not.  I can go out but 's still difficult to go back home.  The or one was not fixed at all nor  driveway from Meandro has still not been fixed.  As I said I don't want anor fall or my scooter get stuck in a hole.  If  isn't taken care  by Friday I'm sorry to say but I have to go to Consumer Bob on TV 7
Loose pavement/gravels, about 5 feet long, in front  our house (8032 Gaylen Rd)
I5 south framp to la Jolla village dr (start  ramp)
Our concrete on our street is failing Concrete breaking up and creating potholes?s a embarrassment to our taxes to have a street in such bad shape
Pothole
The Cy portions  San Pasqual Rd. and Old Milky Way are embarrassing as y are in such poor condion.  There are large potholes everywhere. Tourists see  when going to our Safari Park!!!!!!!!!!!  Repaving  entire roadway is way overdue.
Potholes
very large pothole on corner  Horizon and Ellentown Road
Many potholes westbound and eastbound around intersection
Turning onto eastbound friars road from mission center road, large pothole in middle   merge lane (next to car wash)
  very dead end  4200 Spruance Road (west end) as  transions to  driveway, re is a large pothole.  Cy employee blew her tire out due to  depth and jagged edge   pothole.  This is cy property (NTC - SDPD and SDFD training facily).   Addionally, re are large potholes on Spruance Road between McCain Road and  west dead end  Spruance.
Pothole
On San Pasqual Rd between Via Sol Arriba and Hwy 78, and Old Milky Way between San Pasqual Rd and Hwy 78. There are multiple problems:Massive pot holes: people are driving all over  road to miss mMassive shoulder drop fs: causing flat tires and or major vehicle damage. Some are encroaching past  whe linePoor drainage: major puddles during rain events and mud for months afterGuardrail Damage: damaged for approximately 4 yearsBackwards Signs: guides people in to a dchGraffi: on some   signs in  areaNon- reflective warning signs: no night time visibilyMissing warning signs: Non- legible warning signs: Obscured by brush or faded to  point where you cannot read mBruch encroachment on to  roadwayPoor Sight distance: needs  brush cleared to see down  roadFaded Striping: In some places s completely missingAll se problems contribute to a huge safety issue/concern for everyone who drives se roads. Please contact me for furr explanation if needed.
Westbound LJ Parkway, Lane 2, 2 large potholes
CUSTOMER STATES THERE ARE A MULTIUDE OF POTHOLES ON W. POINT LOMA FROM RUE TO ORLEANS.
Westbound, LJ Parkway, Lane 1
Pothole needs repair

India Street between West Quince Street and Washington Street is awful.   is full  patches and potholes and is similar to driving on a unpaved road. This road needs immediate attention.   The street markings are poor as well as  signage.
Kettner Street from  I-5 south ex to Sassafras Street is filled wh potholes, patches and  street is in extremely poor condion. The posts at Vine Street are broken.   The striping is also very bad.  This street is in need  major repair.
Piece  street pavement on west side  street sunken almost six inches. Very dangerous for motorcycles and bicycles in particular.  appears to already be marked out wh whe paint.
Ms. Marisela contacted our Council fice to report a pothole located in front  her house at 3904 Caseman Avenue San Diego, CA 92154. She indicated that she has reported  issue previously but  has not been resolved.
Pothole  WB
Pothole in  northbound #2 lane in  3600 block  Camino Del Rio West.
Pothole on 37th Street just south   intersection wh El Cajon Blvd.
SEVERAL POTHOLES, HAZARD
POTHOLES UP AND DOWN ST
Pothole
Pothole in #2 lane eastbound JEO Hollister
Multiple potholes along  street whin  block
Pothole needs to be filled at  corner  Arnott st and Jellett stWest side Arnott on Jellett at stop sign in  middle   streetThank you
These patch jobs are not working! Cars are driving in opposing lanes to avoid  pothole patches. My car is being damaged by driving on  road and ors around ! I was originally told  was being repaved in Spring 2017!!!
Badly damaged asphalt and pothole.  20 years and counting and  location.  All directions.
PLEASE FIX ALL THE CRACKS AND POTHOLES ON FAIRMOUNT AVE FROM MONTEZUMA RD ALL THE WAY TO THE 8 FREEWAY. PLEASE FIX ALL THE CRACKS AND POTHOLES ON FAIRMOUNT AVE FROM MONTEZUMA RD ALL THE WAY TO THE 8 FREEWAY. PLEASE FIX ALL THE CRACKS AND POTHOLES ON FAIRMOUNT AVE FROM MONTEZUMA RD ALL THE WAY TO THE 8 FREEWAY.
PLEASE FIX ALL THE CRACKS AND POTHOLES ON FAIRMOUNT AVE FROM MONTEZUMA RD ALL THE WAY TO THE 8 FREEWAY.
Broken SDGE or Water cover on side walk.  Gaping hole. Broken ankle cy, especially for kids.
There are so many potholes on  road that vehicles are going into oncoming traffic to avoid m. Please repair potholes.
San Pasqual Road, Cy  San Diego Sections. Have many large potholes that need repair. These potholes are going to cause a head on accident because traffic is going into  wrong lane to avoid. Please repair  potholes again.
Sunken asphalt at curb
Whole street is full  pot holes
Multiple potholes and loose gravel on both lanes  travel.
Just before getting on  125 and  street light  Enrico Fermi Dr., is really bad. re are multiple potholes after potholes. i have been working at Donovan State Prison for over 10 years and that part   road has never been fixed. so many debris from cars that jump and have h my car and windshield. my window has been cracked twice on two different cars  mine. my mom who is a correctional ficer she has been working here for 25+ years and she has said that part   road has been like that! please fix  road.  is a hazard to all cars especially when behind semi trucks that kick rocks behind m while y are driving.
There's several potholes at  end   bike lane on  north side  sea world drive.  's very dangerous condion and needs to be filled ASAP
STARTING AT INTERSECTION (BIG CREVICE POTHOLE NORTHSIDE OF TRAFFIC)   ON LINCOLN FROM GEORGIA TO PARK
two big potholes in front  4318
POTHOLE WESTBOUND (NORTH SIDE OF OVERPASS)
Potholes
Pothole
POTHOLE IN INTERCECTION OF VIA LAS TONADAS & VISTA LANE WHERE THE CONCRETE MEETS THE ASPHALT.
POTHOLES, ASPHALT IS RAISED IN SOME PLACES AND SUNKEN IN OTHER PLACES.
Pothole
Damaged asphalt by cy trucks
Large pothole on  friars road east on-ramp at mission center rd
large pothole located at intersection Cliffridge and Glenbrook Ave., sourn edge.
at  corner  Pocahontas and Luna 92117 all  3400 block  Luna and at  corner  Moraga and Luna re are a few more potholes
about right in  middle  a left hand turn in  middle  street big hole
Large Pothole/Crack in  street on Lincoln Street & Georgia Street, San Deigo, CA 92103
Asphalt on Balboa ave from Chandler to Genesee Ave. is crumbling and badly in need  repair.
Asphalt on Ashford Street is crumbling and full  potholes from Beagle St. to Beal St.
Marlesta Drive from Beagle Street to Genesee Ave. is a mess, wh numerous potholes and crumbling asphalt. This section  street is heavily traveled and is a major access entrance street to Mesa College.
About 3 pot holes in  street. Please fix m, thank you.
Deep pothole eastbound Ted Williams Pkwy. Left lane left side  lane just before  intersection. I have a 2017 GMC 1500 4x4 and I slightly loss control after hting  hole. Thanks
When turning left f  Montongo to Tyrolean and n again left onto Berryknoll se two streets are just bad. Potholes everywhere. Dangerous cracks in  road which makes  dangerous for kids to ride ir bikes.
pothole
Pothole on eastbound Scripps Poway Pkwy about 75 yards west  Angelique St. intersection.
Pothole on eastbound Scripps Poway Pkwy about 50 yards west  Angelique St. intersection.
Pothole on eastbound Scripps Poway Pkwy about 25 yards west  Angelique St. intersection.
Pothole on eastbound Scripps Poway Pkwy about 50 yards East  Angelique St. intersection.
Pothole on eastbound Scripps Poway Pkwy about 75 yards East  Angelique St. intersection.
Several large potholes in  area in  left lane going south.
Pothole by double yellow line left turn lane
huge dip in road from recent water repair cars almost airborne. Please smooth  out before someone gets seriously hurt
Pothole at  intersection  Piccard and Caseman. Contact is Francisco at 619-382-9882


Several potholes
The number 1 lane Eastbound at  location has a huge dip leftover from street repairs. Cars are nearly going airborne when driving over . Stand re for 5 minutes and you will see every single car in that lane hs  dip as re are no signs and  can not be seen until you drive over . This was a very shoddy repair after a recent water main issue. I am not sure when  street will finally be finished wh all  work and receive a much needed repaving but  dip needs to at least be fixed now before cars are severely damaged or someone has an accident due to  impact  makes on each car driving over 
Going north along Towne Center drive after  intersection wh Golden Haven drive re's a big pothole for  vehicle in  left lane. Been dodging  for a few weeks now. Sorry I couldn't get a real photo.

Pothole on  left side   north bound lanes

Camino Del Norte westbound, right-hand lane, from Bernardo Center Drive for about 0.4 mi west. Here a couple  trenches were apparently dug and paved long ago. The paving repairs are breaking down, and re are a lot  ltle potholes along  length   trench.  would be lovely if  lane could get a new top layer  asphalt and smooth all  that over.

PUD/ Water street failure/ sinking hole on moratorium street. Sinkhole has not been properly restored up to standard. Needs immediate restoration.

This whole street is full  potholes...much like driving in a rutted dirt road.  I was hoping that  road would be resurfaced once  construction   complex at  old Barnard Elementary se was completed.  Thank you!
Pothole behind shopping center. Contact is Roberta  at 619-542-9359
Potholes just before  left turn lane eastbound.
Pothole
Potholes
Large potholes on  street
THIS STREET NEEDS TO BE REPAIRED ESPECIALLY FROM 6959 to 7024 BOBHIRD, San Diego, CA 92119, USA THE STREET EFFECTED IS BOBHIRD DRIVE MOSTLY BETWEEN MULVANEY AND HIGHWOOD DRIVES BUT DAMAGE EXTENDS ACROSS HIGHWOOD DRIVE - HIGH TRAFFIC STREET! There are terrible deep grooves/ruts and potholes covering  middle third   street that effects driver side tires as opposing cars drive past each or. SOMEONE FROM YOUR DEPARTMENT PUT PLOPS OF ASPHALT IN SOME SMALL POTHOLES THAT'S PATHETIC! You need to repave  damn street and stop doing shty work by patically plopping asphalt in 1/2 dozen deep small potholes.More and more cars are swerving to miss  elongated potholes and deep grooves/ruts that cause cars to repeatedly crossover into  opposing lane, causing near impact misses. FIX THESE 2 or 3 BLOCKS OF STREET.   >>>> STOP CLOSING MY REPORTS WITHOUT DOING ANY WORK.  FIX THE DAMAGE NOW! <<<<
southbound side  road near bus bench. thanks!!
Please fix  road all along imperial avenue staring at 69th street all  way to  police station, re are alot  potholes that have been re for  past 7years.




Devastated asphalt at  intersection.
Pothole and devastated asphalt here.
Damaged asphalt
Pothole and damaged asphalt
CUSTOMER STATES POTHOLE POPPED BOTH HER TIRES RAMP FROM MISSION CENTER TO FRIARS - RIGHT LANE
(2) Deep pothole in  middle   road

Pot hole needs to be leveled out correctly, very irrating to drive over  day after day.Thank you
Pothole at  intersection  Coronado Ave and 27th street causing damage to cars and tires.  Please fix. Thank you.
Pothole
Giant San Diego hole for months, y just repaved and n did  horrible patch... so much for  curb to curb program...
Good day please fix series  potholes at  intersection  Coronado Ave and Dearborn street in  92154 zip. Thank you.
Tons  potholes int  area on Lyric Lane.
Pothole

Some unknown agency dug into  newly paved street in jagged way. Asphalt was thrown into  hole and now  road underlayment soil is sinking. The dig needs to be correctly repaired wh straight line cuts and standard road patching engineering. Thank You.
Pothole
multiple potholes

Potholes on f ramp from 5N to Tecolote Road
Lots  potholes and uneven road
The repair only fixed 1/3   awful bumpy road.  Why didn't y complete  repair???
potholes
Pothole
Potholes all over dirt alley way which causes damage to vehicles and ourselfs
Turning right from College Avenue onto Universy Avenue, h a bad pothole
Pothole on  corner  recuerdo and Cordero drive. Fills wh water. Possible source  mosquoes
Big potholes in center eastbound center lane just before entering Poway Cy line.
Entry to Mt Bolanas Ct. road is breaking up
Potholes
Potholes and uneven surface
Pothole
Very large potholes on various parts   road
There is a pothole in  northbound lane  Mt. Acadia Blvd near  3330 address.
There are a number  potholes in  southbound lane  Clairemont Drive between Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Joplin Av
Pothole on westbound Ronson Road.
Major trip hazard in street, please repair.Thank you
large area  potholes at 8761 Hillery Drive at  curb where hillery intersects wh Westonhill.
GIANT SINKHOLE/Pothole.  Keeps getting lower and wider wh each day.
WESTBOUND  LOTS OF POTHOLES
two pot holes in  middle   one way street
Potholes on westbound lanes need patching
Potholes
The road was patched a while ago and now is warped. 's now up like a speed bump.
Many potholes
Pothole has been re a long time damaging cars
There are several potholes on Kingsley St from  middle to  furr down  street
Intersection  Esr St and Madison Ave
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHONE ON THE NORTH SIDE OF F ST, BETWEEN 8TH & 9TH AVE.
Corner  San Diego Mission Rd wh Mission Village Dr. Right lane corner 's very uneven now. This was repaved not long ago now 's damaged again
Big gap in  road is a hazard for cyclists
Deep Pothole near NW corner.  Thank you.
Between I-5 and Eastgate Mall,  southbound bike lane areas are uneven and have vertical ruts that can catch a bicycle wheel and cause a crash.  There are new sidewalks installed wh gutters that do not mesh wh  asphalt on  road creating a vertical rise that can catch a bicycle wheel and cause loss  control. I am an avid cyclist, and have commuted to work (via bicycle), 2 times a week, for more than 10 years whout incident,  In  past month, I have crashed 2 times on San Diego roads in vertical rut condions.  First one was in Sorrento Valley, by  Coaster station (obsolete rubber track pads wh vertical gaps). No major injuries, but bloodied up.  The second was June 1, 2018, on Genesee in front  La Jolla Country Day school. Uneven pavement to sidewalk gutter, combined wh a square patch  "repaired" asphalt.  This time I fractured my pelvis.In my opinion, vertical road imperfections are a cyclists biggest enemy.  They are not always easy to detect, and are hardest to recover from.
Deep pothole on  east bound lane and a worse series  potholes down  center divide at  1200 block  Turquoise street. The ones in  center are on  black line between  double yellow paint on  street. These are dangerously deep. Have been present for a number  months.
The street surface under  bridge is in terrible disrepair.
Large pothole in center lane. Contact is Monique at 619-887-2274
This stretch  Sorrento Valley Road from Carmel Valley Road all  way to I-805 is riddled wh potholes, dips, raised areas, patches and generally bad road surface.  Compared to any or road I regularly drive on in  Cy,  is by far  worst.
A constuent called  District 1 fice to report numerous potholes along  pavement   segment  Boqua Drive, requesting se potholes be address and fixed. The area  concern stretches from  intersection  Lozana Rd, to  intersection  Vantage Way.
A constuent called  District 1 fice to report numerous potholes along  pavement   segment  Vantage Way, requesting se potholes be address and fixed. The area  concern stretches from  intersection  Boqua Drive, to  intersection  Half Moon Bay Drive.
A constuent called  District 1 fice to report numerous potholes along  pavement   segment  Half Moon Bay Drive, requesting se potholes be address and fixed. The area  concern stretches from  intersection  Vantage Way, to  intersection  Mango Way/Recuerdo Dr.
A constuent called  District 1 fice to report numerous potholes along  pavement   segment  Recuerdo Drive/Mango Drive requesting se potholes be address and fixed. The area  concern stretches from  intersection  Half Moon Bay Drive, to  intersection  Lozana Rd.
A constuent called  District 1 fice to report numerous potholes along  pavement   segment  Durango Drive, requesting se potholes be address and fixed. The area  concern stretches from  intersection  Lozana Rd, to  intersection  El Amigo Road.
A constuent called  District 1 fice to report numerous potholes along  pavement   segment  El Amigo Road, requesting se potholes be address and fixed. The area  concern stretches from  intersection  Durango Drive, to  intersection  Boqua Drive.
There is construction next to my apartment complex. In  back alley  construction se has drilled a trench open 3 feet below and have failed to properly cover  open trench. Many residents park and drive near  open trench and someone could fall through or damage ir cars badly.

Going south or west on Murray Ridge Rd and  corner  Celestine. Right lane. Improperly filled pothole now a sink again
Deep Pothole, in lane on Harbor Dr. approaching/ leading into Terminal 2
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Several potholes that people exing Seaworld h
Left turning lane  Sorrento Valley Boulevard is a mess! This is  6th time I have sent a a repair request. Stop saying 's completed if 's not done!!!!
Extreme hazard to cyclist. I complain to  cy about KTA And construction violations in  college area. Clearly y did a horrible job.
Westbound Harbor Drive just east  Laurel Street in  number one lane is a large pothole
Deep pothole. Been re so long Waze warns about 
Large crack wh road jutting out.  Cy came out to fix a couple months ago, but now ?s worse.
Potholes causing hazard for school kids because drivers swerve to avoid potholes. Not good!
The stretch  Mt Herbert south   point is in super bad shape. My car is falling apart driving se roads to my house. Please!
The entire block  400 W. Pennsylvania Avenue San Diego CA 92103 is a series  deep potholes.
There is a huge crack and broken pieces  tar and many cars break right before  away an accident waing to happen. Please prepare  ASAP
A lot  pothole, several  which are big. Please fix  road on Wing St and Kenyon St.  looks poverty stricken.
pothole at entrance to beeline west bound balboa ave
Pothole in left lane  northbound Harbor Drive, just south  Laurel Street
Pothole at Intersection  Parkdale and Flanders.  The Blocks along Parkdale, North  Flanders are rugged driving, too.
In right lane
There is a small pothole in  crosswalk at 10th and Island. Not so bad for a car, but I didn't see  and  caused me to twist my ankle and fall. My knee is all smashed up and I had to limp back home because  a sprained ankle.  Sorry I didn't take a picture   pothole while I was lying in  street while  cars steered around me, but I did take a picture  what my knee looks like now. I am happy to show someone from  cy exactly where I fell since  is right outside my building. The condion   roads in San Diego are extremely hazardous for pedestrians. This is just  most recent example I've encountered.
This street had sewer lines replaced a few years back. Now re is a pothole that is forming rar quickly.
Need 2 patches 3 x 3 each hot patched today
Crater pothole
Crater pothole
Large pothole in  East Bound Lanes  Friars directly in front  Bloomingdales.
Huge potholes.
From: Marx, Gloria [mailto:Gloria.Marx@sdcounty.ca.gov] Sent: Friday, June 01, 2018 2:35 PMTo: TSW Street Service <Street_Service@sandiego.gov>Subject: Pot hole and large crack in road - 5424 Limerick Ave, 92117 RP: Jennifer ChungPhone: 858-500-2360Address:  5424 Limerick Ave, 92117Gloria MarxOffice Support SpecialistDepartment  Public Works, Transportation Division
Pot hole at intersection
VERY BAD POTHOLE  PREVIOUS REPAIR IS BREAKING BAD  NEEDS IMMEDIATE ATTENTION, POPPED MY TIRE
Many potholes on Via Posada at  back end   YMCA.  Please repair.  Especially bad along  gutters.
3 potholes northbound and 1 southbound at North Torrey Pines and Expedion Way.  I reported  on May 11.  You claimed  was done (#00334049), but nothinghas ever been done.
 street have numerous  potholes and is severely  damaged and a danger to vehicles. Need to have repair   potholes and  street   resurfaced.  Have been reported before. This is a high travel street due to  local churches in  area.
Please repair street from calle chanate to saipan dr. This street has alot  broken cracks like  back  an alligator and need repaired asap. Also  lane going north from saipan has numerous big pot holes which i have documented and will subm a claim for wheel alignment soon if not fixed. Thank you for you continued efforts in repairing se bad streets.
Deeply recessed hole in  middle   left hand lane   intersection going south on black mountain road. Cars have to swerve toward  curb or toward  right hand lane to avoid a major jaw breaking hole
Lots  potholes in front  7990 Gaylen Rd. Contact is Loretta at 858-536-8782
POTHOLE BETWEEN REO & FLINTRIDGE ON POTOMAC
Gap in road is deepening.
Pothole. Please fix
HUGE POTHOLE JUST NORTH JUST NORTH OF BOYD AV. S/B ON LANE CLOSEST TO CURB
Pothole - westbound
Pothole and cracking
Multiple cracks & potholes
Pothole & cracking
Potholes, due to resident irrigation daily overflow.
Pothole cracking
Cracking /potholes developing
Potholes/cracking Clove at liggett
Pothole
There are several potholes widely scattered in  southbound left lane north  Joplin Ave.
Cracking pothole
There is a pothole in  northbound right lane  Pacific Highway parallel to  turnf  Kurtz Avenue.
Please check what are se protruding things on South Sabre Springs Pkwy, intersection wh Ted Williams Pkwy in  middle  road.
Right in front  property located at 9895 Blackgold Rd., La Jolla, CA 92037 There are several large pot holes and  asphalt is breaking more and coming f.
Large pot holes in front  9805 Blackgold Road in La Jolla, CA 92037. The damage is getting greater Dailey. Pieces   asphalt is coming f and hting cars.
2 potholes in left lane
Street Surface Top damage due to road work
East /North side slow lain between  HP entrance and Renovate America is a large long pot hole  is unavoidable if you are in  slow lain
Large potholes center lane going west on Friars
Large por hole in front  our Challenge Dairy facily.
NW direction train track crossing wh very uneven pavement - dangerous road condions for people not familiar wh , and for those who know about  - y go completely outside ir lane to avoid .
Two large potholes
heading north on Mission Gorge numerous potholes & bad street from 6075-6100 blks
POTHOLE
Pothole
WB West Washington under Pacific Hy bridge
p/hs from 5200-5500 limerick ave
W San Ysidro  Blvd east direction.  While turning east onto W San Ysidro Blvd  from Dairy Mart.  Potholes.
POTHOLE, 70' SOUTH ON GENESEE
There are at least 5 large potholes along Seminole dr. I have to pay extra for car maintenance because  se frequently reoccurring potholes. Please fix ASAP.
Please fix  Cy  San Diego street in front  1358 Park Row, 92037, as re are currently dangerous buckles in  pavement, some wh rises approaching one foot high -per  attached, recently-taken photos.The street could damage automobile tires, possibly to  extent that a blowout could harm someone playing in  adjacent park or walking on  nearby sidewalk,  latter  which is frequently busy due to  area serving as primary parking for tourists and those employed in  Village  La Jolla. Thank you for your service to San Diego. I look forward to your reply.
2 potholes middle  street.
Several potholes along Carmel View Road. The cy crew marked  street for repairs a ways back wh paint but never made  repairs. 's now getting worse.
ROAD EROSION, SUNKEN, NEEDS PILONS REPLACED AND ROAD REPAIRED
Several small holes and one big one. Intersection Aguilar/Albertine.
Very big pothole on Washington- west bound direction under  over pass - before Hancock please fix ; my friend got a flat tire last week here; I didn't realize  exact location   pothole
Whole section  Riviera Dr. from Ingraham to La Cema  full  holes.
Ramp from Mission Bay Dr. to 5 North full  potholes so dangerous when drivers start speed up.
Multiple large potholes in an area recently paved.
on Seminole Dr between Art St and Stanley, re are numerous potholes again. You repair and y are back following week. This is a high traffic area.  Can anything be done to repair  area because  entire street is a road hazard.
The left turn lane for  15 N. ramp is really bad and needs to be fixed
Large pothole in right lane  LJV heading east before Lebon.
Hi,I wanted to report  pothole I found, along wh a few ors on  road. 's located just north  George Cooke Express Dr. on West Bernardo Dr. in Rancho Bernardo .
LARGE POTHOLE IN S/B LANE ON GENESEERIGHT CURBSIDE
Southbound Camino Ruiz after Aquarius Dr. intersection There's about 2 potholes in  left lane
Increasingly large pothole in  intersection that is catching westbound Mt Aguilar & northbound Mt Albertine cars. I saw a small truck h  hard just before I took  picture.  Or cars swerve into oncoming lanes to miss as much   as possible.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
2 deep holes on Wing St, between Midway and Kenyon St
As you travel south on 34th Street (nearest cross street is Monroe), re is asphalt breaking down causing a pothole on  left side   street.  If you were to turn left to enter  alley (now going toward Hawley),  pothole is directly located in  path  your front left tire.   is difficult to drive around  when entering  alley.

Pothole on  transion ramp from westbound West Laurel St to westbound North Harbor Dr.
from  corner  WAshington & India street TOWARD THE PACIFIC COAST HIGHway... all   is so horrible that my car is being shook like hell for  past 5 years I've been paying 1,000 a month in property taxes for my home in Mission Hills. 's HORRIFIC that se  has never been fixed...  entire drive to PCH and back is ridiculous
Pothole need 1/2 yard  road mix at northwest corner.
Sinking pothole and raised asphalt bump unsafe to drive on and unsafe for pedestrians. Complaint from Vulcan materials company. Located in crosswalk.
Pothole on residential, measures 6ft long by 3ft wide. Throws rocks into parked cars when cars come down street. Reported 6 weeks ago, has doubled in size now
Deep pothole at corner  El Paseo Grande and Lowry Terrace (7948 Lowry Terrace).  Dangerous to tires.
Pothole
potholes
pothole
Potholes
There is a pot hole that poses a serious risk to bicycle riders.  is on Universy Ave, at  south east corner   College intersection
Previous work on  crosswalk at  southwest corner  6th and Robinson left a large saw cut unfilled.  's in  dip near  crosswalk for cars in  right lane going south.
Alley potholes dangerous
Many long & large potholes on Russ Blvd. between 26th st. and 27th st (at least 20 potholes)
Two large pot holes at  entrance to coast walk from Torrey pines road where a new home construction is going on
In alley between Oregon and Hamilton; El Cajon and Meade.

Pothole on northbound Bernardo Center Drive at gas station entrance
North and south  Rodeway need repairing from  805 to at least  15
middle  street pothole
Square pothole maybe from roadwork project.
east side  6900 to 7000 la jolla blvd. numerous pot holes near sidewalk need to be repair properly. As well as west side.
Multiple potholes heading towards Stanley on Seminole.
at  intersection  lowry terrace and el paseo grande streets in la jolla big pothole!
pothole/ cracks in  middle   street have been putting wear and tear on my suspension during my daily commute.
Pothole
Large potholes in front  residence & numerous potholes and cracks throughout Via Moura Street.
Pothole
Large pot hole on Eastbound side  street.
Very large pothole on eastbound side  street
Huge pothole in intersection Ashford & Marlesta at  end   Park. Have to swerve dangerously to avoid . Very deep and can cause severe damage.
Lots  pot holes in alley some 1 foot deep.
Multiple potholes on Wing Street between Midway Drive and Kenyon street.  Some were repaired when I reported  issue a few months back, however several remain.
Our street has so many potholes and cracks and loose gravel that  dangerous to tread on, let alone  damage caused to our autos when  is driven upon. Gravel sticking in our shoes constantly drags into our homes to damage hardwood floors - just like living on a gravel street! Exactly how long is  going to take to repair ?! Streets all around have already been re surfaced.  HELP!!!
This road is dangerous for motorbikes, and  destroying my new car tires. I see people driving into or lanes to avoid  deep ridges and holes in  road.  needs repairing immediately to avoid serious injuries and damage to vehicles.Please repair  soon. thank you (6/8/18 2:38pm) Mrs C Erdey

There is a what looks like a sinkhole developing,  has become progressively worse over  last 72 hours.  is roughly 4'x4' circumference and 8"-12" from trough to crest.
Pot hole
Large pothole on Northbound Pomerado Road between Pomerado Ct. and Grandee Pl.  Located on right lane.
SDG&E fixed a gas line behind 327 and  339 Nautilus St 3 months ago and left huge holes in  Street named South lane in La Jolla 92037 left  entire street in really poor shape and are family members who are a ltle b older are tripping over here and 's very scary at night for him when we pull into our parking can we please get  fixedResidents at 339 Nautilus st La Jolla 92037
Pothole in southbound lane  Qualcomm Way at intersection  Camino Del Rio N / Camino De La Reina
Near 6028 Bradford close to 60th. Street. Many portions   street wh dozens  small cracks.
The location  pots holes and damaged asphalt -runs north and south in an alley behind Clairemont in  4000 block- Drive -between cross streets Chippewa and Fox. There are numerous pothole as well as severe erosion  asphalt.QUESTION: Are alleys considered a priory in relation to or surface streets?
More open cracks on Bradford Street. Please help.
A pothole has formed just east   intersection  Merrimac Avenue and Park West Lane.  Could you please repair  pothole?  Thank you!
pothole at corner  3701 merrimac
5 South, Sassafras Street ex, right lane immediately exing freeway, multiple potholes
Mt. Henry Ave. requires resurfacing.  There are pot holes, cracks, and uneven surfaces everywhere.  Weeds are growing out  bare spots, while grass is dying on lawns because   drought!  Aaagh!  This is nuts!
Several massive potholes exist next to  bus stop across  street from  North Clairemont Library.  This stop is  terminus for three bus lines (44, 105 on Saturday, and 105A on evenings and Sundays) and  buses continuously drip water onto  street, creating  massive potholes seen in  picture.  Several or bus stops in Clairemont (one  which is lerally just up  street [north] from  stop) have concrete rectangles installed where  bus stops are so that  pothole problem is stopped.  Can you please construct a concrete rectangle where se buses stop for minutes at a time so that massive potholes like  ones in  picture are not created?  Thank you!
Pothole in right lane  eastbound La Jolla Village Drive, about halfway between I-5 ex and Lebon Dr. Right next to Hyatt Regency building.
A Large pothole at  entrance   entire complex. People avoid  by driving in  middle and consistently having near colligions
Potholes in front  residence and on  1200 block  street
Uneven road wh protruding concrete causing dangerous suation to drive over
Large deep potholes just before intersection WB.  3rd report.
There is a large pothole in  center  Montezuma Rd where  crosses College Ave traveling westbound. Also,  pavement is damaged at  corner turning right onto College Ave. When driving westward on Montezuma Rd.,  pothole is not visible until you are driving through  intersection and you scrape  bottom  your car. Also, re is no warning, such as a "slow/dip ahead" or "dip" sign to prepare drivers.
Graffi along 54th St ramp from Orange
Pothole x 6 months  . Westbound Navajo middle lane, in from  Chase bank.
Eastbound Navajo from College to Park Ridge, both lanes.. Numerous potholes
Eastbound Navajo, on  east side   intersection wh Lake Murray, in  left hand lane,whin  marked crosswalk, is a big sink hole that was patched but needs more repair
Large pothole on Pickett Street  in front   west side   3464 Pickett Street building.  There are also addional potholes furr east down Pickett Street, closer to  east side  3464 Pickett.  Please patch all  se potholes on  portion  Pickett Street, thank you.
The 1700 Block  Donax between Thermal and 18th Street needs potholes fixed at  end   street and in between. As you turn on Thermal to  South re are at least two major potholes and  same exists as you turn onto 18th street to  South.  I see that y just did  1700 block  Elm Street.  Nice.
I submted a ticket last year (Report Number: 00178913) to repair street but only half was done and ticket was closed. I was told by  person who was assigned to  ticket and said that  would get fix in FY18.  's about 70yrds that need to get done. Pot holes and street is very rough, all or streets were repair around  Communy. Even thought y didn't need repair. I have a map   streets that were repair that were not as bad as  street and didn't need to be repair.
Large 2ft x2ft pothole in  middle   intersection  Mt Aguilar Dr and Mt Albertine Ave.
Huge pothole on corner  Universy and Chamoune on both sides
Holes where pavement meets gutter in front  driveway and at gutter/pavement in front  house west  driveway.  These areas were made worse pay passing street sweeper
POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION OF MIRA MESA & NEW SALEM
Pothole and street is not level
1' deep hole forming in  ex ramp road
28th street under  94 overpass badly needs work on both sides   street. There are many potholes that are starting to merge toger. Thanks!
There is a small pothole forming on F Street closest to 4433 F Street
There are several potholes by Seminole Dr next to Clay Park
Potholes that are located by Seminole Dr next to Clay Park
2 TRENCH PLATES HAVE OPENED UP IN THE BIKE LANE.....ABOUT 2"  CAUSING HIS BIKE TO FLIP AND GET DAMAGED SAYS IT WILL COST HIM ABOUT 1000.00
Pothole on westbound Scripps Poway Parkway approximately 150 yards East  Angelique St intersection.
Pothole on westbound Scripps Poway Parkway approximately 100 yards East  Angelique St intersection.
Pothole on westbound Scripps Poway Parkway approximately 75 yards East  Angelique St intersection.

Pothole on westbound Scripps Poway Parkway approximately 40 yards East  Angelique St intersection.
Pothole on westbound Scripps Poway Parkway approximately 20 yards East  Angelique St intersection.
Several potholes and long cracks on westbound Scripps Poway Parkway approximately 40 yards East  Sunshine Peak Ct intersection.

Pothole at corner  market and 36th street, if you're standing on 36th street facing north 's in  shape  an "L" and I h  many times a day
Multiple potholes and cracks. Contact is James at 619-417-7233
Multiple potholes and cracks. Contact is James at 619-417-7233
Multiple potholes and cracks. Contact is James at 619-417-7233
Large pothole in middle  road
Two Big Pot Holes next to each or on street around Water Top. Cracked Cement. Thank You.
Cracked Cement in Street on  Corte Guera. Thank You.
Two Cracked Pot Holes wh Water Top. Gave wrong address on last submission. Thank You.
Still here - reported a few times.

Pothole in number 1 northbound lane
Going north oppose  police museum. The pothole on  right lane opened up yet again
Going south  potholes here have opened up yet again. They are constantly opening up
Mira Mar Road & Mira Mar Way heading East on Mira Mar Road by crosswalk middle lane manhole has sharp edge & big chunk  concrete missing. McDonalds is land mark at  intersection to know which intersection  is. My run flat tire to my 328i was damaged and unrepairable. See photos enclosed. Where can I subm for  damage from  pot hole? PLEASE FIX THIS & LET ME KNOW WHO I SEND MY BILL TO.
Big Pothole on Front St at Interstate 5 south framp.
Yes
Multiple potholes and cavation
Large and growing pothole at intersection  McKee and Kertner. Asphalt debris (large chunks) from enlarging pothole in  street.
The freeway on ramp has many severe potholes in  right lane
SEVERAL POTHOLES
Pothole
This road is falling apart.  's been over 20 years since any work was done on se roads.
large p/h coming from mission center rd going onto friars on ramp behind shell station. very large. is hazard
Trolly tracks have huge holes. Have to basically stop to cross m whout destroying your suspension. Been  way for at least a year.
Damaged and degraded pavement wh grass growing in street, loose chunks  asphalt, depressions, holesHazardous to walkersThe entire road is a mess
Pothole

Pothole
Wring again about  terrible shape Vivaracho is.... entire street from Rueda to Calle de Vida is a pothole disaster. The cy patched some big potholes at via Carroza and Vivaracho that as you can see from  picture are back. When are you going to fix Vivaracho?? This has been promised for at least  past 4 years wh no action yet  streets around our communy that don't need any paving are getting just that.
Road in bad condion. Danger to kids as re is road rock everywhere making  dangerous for kids riding ir bike. Also pothole is deep. Need to repaid asap. Most  streets in Tierrasanta roads were resurfaced, what happened to Guincho Rd? Bad shape road and needs help.
Several potholes on Wing. 3225 wing down to midway

1. Below 5336 heading  heading in  North Lane is a large pothole. Can not get exact address as no house on eir side  street but  is below 5336.2.  intersection  Cardeno and Kaimalano ( Heading North up street)3. Approximately 100 feet above intersection  Cardeno and Kaimalano ( Heading North up street)
Uneven pavement in far right lane.  Looks like a ramp. 's hard to find unless you're looking backwards while driving
Pothole near entrance to Drive way
Pothole around manhole
Pothole runs along  cement on  corner  Merrimac and Glasgow
Pothole runs on Glasgow and Merrimac
Corner  Merrimac and coconino along  cement.
Two potholes can not see  second one well due to  shadow.
Snake like pothole
Pothole near manhole
Two potholes near manhole
Pothole near two large potholes
Two large potholes
Large Pothole on  northbound side  Kettner just past G St.
I'm  middle   intersection  Coccnino and Lakehurst
Middle  intersection  cocconino and Lakehurst
Corner curve  cocconino and Lakehurst
There are several deep Rectangular potholes across  south side  La Jolla Village Drive here. They are deep enough to damage suspension wheels and alignment. I understand that work at  shopping center is what caused , but I would think y would repair  correctly
Potholes! Uneven pavement.
(1) Big pothole in  corner  Mira Mesa Blvd & New Salem Street  sttached photo shows that is full  water. Plse fix  ASAP!
re is a large pothole in front  my house , also several down  street
3rd time reportingIntersection  Carmel mtn and canter hts near crosswalk
Huge pothole at end  street- big safety hazard
Ramp to Friars Rd East. DEEP pothole, right side.
Several potholes going north onto mission gorge
Pothole
Pothole in middle   street
Potholes
Potholes
Password Blvd under ca56west bridge
On southbound Genesse Ave, just north  Genesee Court. in  #2 lane, re is a pothole. Hazardous for bicycles too.
Numerous Potholes (Everywhere)  Westbound Camino Del Norte between I-15 and Camino San Bernardo.  The entire Stretch
Numerous potholes on Palm Avenue heading westbound in front   McDonalds
There is a major pothole in  alley behind 4111 Illinois Street where a chunk  concrete approximately 2 feet wide by 3 feet wide has come loose and one half has buckled causing  or to jet upwards and stick out   ground. The pothole was fixed once before whin  last year but has again resurfaced to have issues.
Potholes
Large pothole in west corner  Cabot Dr and Miramar Rd
Hollister St Between Leon Ave and Tocayo Ave is falling apart.  Is is nothing but chunks  asphalt.
uneven and potholed pavement from 3000 to 3199 broadway under  94 freeway. requesting potholes filled on eastbound lane and pavement milled and leveled.
uneven and potholed pavement 700 block  28th street under  94 freeway. requesting potholes filled on northbound lane and pavement milled and leveled.
uneven and potholed pavement from 2800 C street to 2985 C street requesting potholes filled on eastbound and westbound lane and pavement milled and leveled very bumpy and rough surface causes steering slippage despe new tires.
On  corner bad pot hole
Que deep and large. Particular hazarrd to  numerous rental scooters and bike now in  area. Bad for cars too, though. On Kettner, N. Bound lane, just N  G street.
There are potholes in Garrison Street in front   following addresses:3550 Garrison3558 Garrison3604 Garrison.Also, re are potholes in  intersection  Garrison Street and Liggett Drive.
large p/h just north  genesee court
SEVERAL POTHOLE, ON WEST HILLS PY, BETWEEN MISSION GORGE & MAST, VERY BAD, URGENT
Pothole
LARGE POTHOLE CRUMBLING

Cy re-striped  street for angle in parking.  Street is full  potholes, transport trucks are delivering new cars almost every day - early am & afternoons.   is very difficult to get around  transports,  is no longer a 2-way street.  Very dangerous as you are trying to pull out  a parking lot  a company.  Drivers are parking ir cars out too far from  curb on angle parking causing  cars to  stick out in  street.This street needs to be re-vised by  Supervisor.  Extra parking is good but way too dangerous &  street needs to be re-paved.
Tag on electrical box
Potholes
3 potholes
Mulberry St and Paradise St have pot hole.
Roads have not been worked on in at least 20 years since we have lived re. Tyrolean and Berryknoll are  streets in question.
Potholes
Please fix potholes at Meadowbrook Dr & Paradise Valley Rd. Thank you.

Potholes getting bigger daily.
Dear Cy Council,While re is maintenance, I consider  condion   road is so unacceptable. This might ruin my wheel for  second time. Last time I claim  damage,  cy did not want to pay  damage, I don't really see  tax that I paid benef me. Will be appreciated if  road fix by today.Thanks
Pothole right hand lane   Balboa Avenue Northbound On Ramp to  I 5 freeway
The cy recently painted diagonal parking spots along  north side  Vickers Street.  First, se spots are very long for  width   street, making  difficult for two vehicles to pass in opposing directions, especially wh  large freight vehicles that frequent  street delivering vehicles to  nearby dealerships. More importantly, re are parking spots that were placed too close to each side  several driveways along  street making  extremely difficult to safely ex said driveways. When turning out a driveway,  is nearly impossible to see oncoming traffic in eir direction. When you do leave,  average sized car ends up halfway into  far lane. Many individuals, including myself, have nearly gotten in collisions due to  crowding on  street. Furrmore,  cy put in new parking spaces whout paving over  multude  significant and damaging potholes that cover  entire street.
Pothole on eastbound direction  street
The street from Pershing Ave. to 28th street has suffered sever neglect. The best description   would be to call   frontier trail. There is an un-numerable amount  pot holes as well as cracks and divots. Please help, I have been living at  address for 6 years and seen every road around us fixed while patiently waing for our turn. Thank you for your time, I look forward hearing for you.Lacey Kay Crane
Eastbound lane on j and 17th
Multiple pot holes

Going north on Cactoctin. Pothole after  park. Difficult to see more like a sink in
p/h in sb lanes. really big. just north  boyd
Going south on Cactoctin. Pothole marked for weeks wh whe markers but never fixed
Going north on College Ave pothole on right lane THAT NEVER GETS FIXED CORRECTLY. Please repair
Please repair  intersection  Adams Ave and 55th St at  crosswalk. The street has BUCKLED and every time you make a LEFT turn into Adams Ave from 55th St you feel  bump due to  gap. Image is from Google Maps to give you  idea   problem
Correction to report # 00349204. Address corrected here. Please repair  intersection  Adams Ave and 55th St at  crosswalk. The street has BUCKLED and every time you make a LEFT turn into Adams Ave from 55th St you feel  bump due to  gap. Image is from Google Maps to give you  idea   problem
Going NORTH on College Ave. Please repair  uneven pavements and potholes. The street is in poor condion due to  ongoing condo construction here. The contractor is NOT maintaining  street and 's high traffic flow. Needs to be repaired even during construction. Image is from Google Maps
Pothole


Pothole
Pothole
Pothole that was previously fixed has "sunk" back to dangerous level.
Left turning lane on Sorrento Valley Boulevard onto Sun Sorrento Valley Road needs severely repaired!
axle snapper

Wide pothole
Wide & deep pothole has again reopened.
Test case by Greg Gerhant.   Please close right away.
I was coming f Mission Center, Road getting on  Friars ramp by  Shell gas station I h a huge pothole which blew out my back rear passenger tire on June 11, 2018 at a repair June 12, 2018. Went back to take a picture   pothole  today and  had been filled.  I am requesting reimbursement for  tire
Giant pothole on  on ramp to Friars Road right by  Shell
pothole on corner, when you come up hill right before you turn right onto ridgeview dr
Case 00336241 was marked as closed on 13JUN whout  actually being completed. This is  4th time  has been marked closed whout being completed. Very deep potholes that have still not been filled over a 3 month period. They are at  2nd set  tracks heading westbound on 32nd St on  far right #3 lane. They are at least 4" deep at  point which can severely damage a cars alignment.  also poses a very big danger to motorcycles if ir tire were caught in one  m.
I've lived in  Mira Mesa area for over 21 yrs & Gold Coast Dr., by far, has to be  worst pothole road ever!!! Just filling m isn't working! The cy has tried twice if not 3 times.  needs so desperately to be repaved NOT FILLED IN! From one end to  or (west to east)  is at rush hour one  our busiest/everyday used roads as well as weekends. I've dodged se potholes only to find myself almost about to be in an accident every time. Please do something soon. Someone is going to get hurt dodging m.
Pothole is in right lane coming f I5 south- front street ex
Pothole is right on  crossing  Beech St and Fourth Ave, where Serving Seniors is located.
7 potholes  2nd request
Old trench in road has sunk
Significant potholes & rutting on North end  Texas street, where  intersects Camino Del Rio South. Rut runs several inches deep, runs along a popular biking route. Presents significant hazard to bicyclists, damage to vehicles on a major trans corridor.
A LOT OF POTHOLES ON THIS STREET
Big hole on  streets , front bumper  my Car damage coming up my driveway do to pot hole
What is  deal ? Who can I call  as  road has been a total disaster for a very long tome
Fix  road come see !!! Who is in charge  streets?
Potholes everywhere.
Large pothole southbound lanes at light

Carving in asphalt
Sea World Dr. eastbound side, east  South BeachSeries  3 or 4 small pot holes-
This road is traveled by many and Big Rigs too.  is in need  Major Repair.  Many pot holes. No shoulder. Roads are deteriorating and breaking f on  edges.  Turko even featured  before he retired.  PLEASE Fix   road and ors around here.  Did you forget  pat  north county is also part  San Diego?  We all pay a lot in taxes to have se roads fixed.  Please Make  happen NOW,
Pothole on Caseman  Ave is doing damage to vehicles when turning on  street.  Can  Cy please fill  pothole before more damage is done thanks.
Pothole on 68th street & imperial Avenue
pothole
Major pothole wh issues driving vehicle and trip hazard. Located in alley behind address listed
Pothole and broken pavement ltering  road
Significant amount  asphalt cracking and potholes on  failing street.  There are numerous locations throughout Francisco Drive in addion to  pinned location.  There is significant asphalt cracking and chunks  asphalt are constantly coming out   road and being kicked up by passing vehicles.  Significant asphalt repairs needed.
Pothole is in  bike lane. South bound (West) side  street. This is causing cyclist to swerve into traffic lanes.  In front  building wh address 4282 Genese.
Small and very deep pothole in  number one lane Northbound on Morena.
Pot hole
Many potholes on both directions  traffic.
Many potholes on  block and in front  my house
Pothole
Pot hole 2foot by 1 foot approximately 2 to 3 inches deep
The whole gutter in front  my house is full  holes/dches which make  very difficult to roll my garbage can and recycle cans out to  curb.   is also a danger to pedestrians who ten walk in  street, or may cross  street in that area (including myself!). My neighbor at 16583 Felice had hers done several months ago.
Large pothole.
Two potholes. One 2 inch deep,  or 4inches deep.
Big pothole. Seems like utily dug and did a very poor job  filling  back.  is a hazard now.
Patched pothole now has lifted asphalt in alley behind 4111 Illinois st.
Pothole is in  middle   street, at  corner  McKee St and Kettner Blvd.    is near  top   hill, so  is really hard to see  pothole when driving down. There are chunks  asphalt around .
Big bump in road center lane eastbound Harbor Drive where bridge meets  road.   This is ruining my suspension when I h at posted speed
5 potholes. Good time to do  wh school out.  Thank you!
Sinkhole in alley behind 4421 Brindisi St. Contact is Michael at 619-222-4016
Recently  entire length  Trojan Avenue from 54th Street on  west to approx. Ans St. on  east was re-surfaced.  Only  section from 54th Street to 58th Street was also re-striped.  The re-surfaced section from 58th Street to Ans St. has been sting unfinished for several weeks now, and re are areas along that section where  new asphalt has sunk or buckled creating potholes, in addion to sewer cover areas in  road where y are very uneven wh  new asphalt, creating hazards.  What is  status   section  Trojan Avenue between 58th and Ans St.?  When will repairs to  hazards and potholes be completed, and when will  be re-striped?  's almost as if  was forgotten as part   overall project.  Please let me know.  Thanks.
Pothole at Alta vista street San Diego calif 92109 and yost drive
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Glencoe Street has several potholes and cracks which makes  difficult and dangerous to drive. Multiple streets around  area need to be repaired. Streets have faded and cracked double yellow lines near elementary school.
Left turn from HOME to Fairmount going east is DANGEROUSLY BAD.
Location: Several areas on Clairemont Mesa Blvd (both eastbound and westbound), between Antigua and Chesapeake Drive.  Public asphalt roadway.The asphalt has become cracked and potholed, especially in right/left turn areas.  While insignificant to most vehicles, se areas are hazardous to motorcycles, requiring extra care to traverse safely.  I request remediation in se areas to renew  smooth surface.  Thank you.
There are no yellow lines along  stretch  Trojan Avenue, and re are medium sized potholes on  stretch as well. This stretch was paved a couple months ago, but  painting was not completed past 58th street. The potholes are post-re-paving as well. Please do not call my phone. I don't care about updates unless you can tell me a concrete date that se issues will be resolved.
Pothole in far left lane
3 large potholes when turning right from College onto Navajo
Pothole right ex lane from 5 south to Front
New - get  while 's small ! W/B lane Beyer Blvd near intersection North Lane
A deep pothole opened in  middle   intersection  Renault Street and Renault Place that is 2 feet in diameter and 11 inches deep,  This is a very deep pothole that is a hazard to bicycle riders on our block, many  whom are young children.  could also seriously damage a car.  Please fill  in ASAP to avoid an accident.
Large cracks in asphalt located on   bike/running/walking road that circumnavigates Miramar Lake. Cracks are deep and wide; bike tires easily get caught in m causing falls. I would be happy to meet one  your road repair workers to assist in locating se dangers. Thank you.
Potholes and cracks finish pavement from Ashford 2 Mesa Village Drive awful Road

Potholes in rough road from bridge 2 Mesa Vista Drive
Few pot holes
Pothole
multiple pot holes/broken pavement on westbound W mission bay drive between  bridge and  Bahia.

A deep pothole on Friars Rd by  east entrance driveway to  Fashion Valley MallThere has been recent paving in  #1 lane here. Why didn't y just macadam in  Pot Hole. I understand work orders. But a ltle b  common sense could save us all a lot  money and time
when N/B on Ruffin Rd and just making  right turn onto W/B Balboa Av re is a large pothole as you are making  turn and  drivers side tires  your car fall into  potholeThe location   pothole problem is actually on S/B Ruffin Rd to W/B Balboa Av. Sorry for  confusion.
Hole in left westbound lane
Pothole at 6700 Madrone Ave., San Diego
Rancho Bernardo Road from Bernardo Oaks Road to Pomerado Road has had so many repairs  has become a WASHER BOARD to travel on.  Numerous requests I have made have been responded to as "work is on  list".   has been a least a year since my last request.  When will  street be properly RESURFACED.  NO PATCHES!!!!!!!
There are many large pot holes and a large hump that is in  road. Two blocks or so on Washington Street are in horrible condion.
Pothole sunken
The road on Otay mesa rd (East  Sanyo ave and North  Pinos produce) is extremely degraded and has a lot  potholes. Im not sure if s part   Cy  SD.  I would appreciate if you could repave  or repair some   potholes.  Thanks for your time.
The cycle lanes on Nimz Blvd between Evergreen and Rosecrans are deteriorating on both sides  Nimz.  Riding uphill from Rosecrans to Evergreen is slow riding so  is possible to avoid all  problems in  bike lane whout going into  car lane.  However, riding downhill from Evergreen to Rosecrans,  is impossible to stay in  bike lane whout being thrown f  bicycle.  Very dangerous!  Thank you for looking into  problem.
20' long opening across Westbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd (CMB). 3 inch deep by 6 inches wide opening is on west side  CMB and Antigua Blvd intersection. There's also a pothole associated wh  crack between  lanes.
In  alley behind 3048 Ivy Steet. This is a serious hazard. The hole is large wh pieces  concrete sticking up. Cars get stick in  and  damages m. Pedestrians and cyclists can get seriously injured.
Pothole in middle   street
Large pothole by entrance to  Hyatt on La Jolla village drive
Potholes in  east side   Fay Ave and Genter St intersection.
pothole in middle   street.
Pothole right lane
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole filled wh sand on WB Mission Bay Dr near Gleason Rd.
In  alley, re is a large chunk  asphalt sticking out   ground.  This is  third time I have requested service.  This area was patched once, but  did not work. The entire area needs to be repaired correctly.  There is a sinkhole under  asphalt.  Unfortunately I?ve h  asphalt and now my car is damaged.
Street is a mess potholes everywhere.  Been like  for at least three years.
There are many large potholes on  street.
There are many large potholes on  street.
Theres a large pothole in  middle   road where Southview Dr and Monair Dr meet ( curve).  continues to grow as more people h .
Pothole in  middle   road. 's pretty big and noticable and easy to avoid. 's a couple  inches deep so  could be problematic if someone driver through .
Huuuuuuggggeeee
Formerly repaired pothole poorly done now rapidly reoccurring... danger to cars turning right at stop sign
South bound on Park Blvd in middle lane 2  3 at  intersection wh West bound B St. The pothole is in  middle   intersection.  was repaired recently but  patch is gone again and  pothole is exposed again.
Pothole at intersection wh north side alley
Large pothole in Spartan Circle
There is a HUGE steep pothole that popped my tire right on  52 West ex onto  I-5 North (a commonly travelled road). The damage was so severe that my tire was damaged beyond repair, only replacement. I require reimbursement for  unexpected travesty, thank you.
There are a lot  potholes on 28th street between Commercial Street and  94 freeway and y are in really bad condion.
Pot holes whin potholes very dangerous for ada persons in front  a bus stop.
CUSTOMER INSISTS THIS ALLEY IS MADE OUT OF CONCRETE BUT MAP SHOWS ASPHALT...LOTS OF POTHOLES & FALLING APART
There is a huge hole in  street in front   driveway   address.
2 large potholes here.  Also a large on on  corner  Ara Pl. and Sagarius Rd.  The road is buckled here.
SB La Jolla Shores,  just south  intersection wh Biol. Grade, new pothole near curb.
POTHOLE BETWEEN  ALABAMA & MISSISSIPPI

These potholes have been here for a few years now. They have now started degrading a lot more quickly and have gotten bigger almost daily. I normally wouldn't bor you about  BUT  is where my neighbor and I place our garbage and recycling containers. Last Friday I twisted my ankle on  uneven surface .  has been difficult to maneuver  containers due to  wheels getting stuck in  potholes. Please fix se holes soon, I don't want to sustain any more injuries while taking out  trash.
TWO POTHOLES, ON CAM RUIZ BETWEEN ZAPATA & CAPRICORN!







N/B KETTNER  POTHOLES
Potholes

POTHOLE ACROSS THE STREET FROM THIS ADDRESS   LONG DEEP POTHOLE
Lots  potholes along  road, from past San Pasqual HS, golf course and vineyard.
Tree roots have pushed up roadway.  Tree is about to fall over ...
Absolutely horrific!!  West Washington Street from India Street TO Pacific Highway is a complete disgrace and in absolute shambles.  There are so many ruts and potholes wh  combination   old train tracks that  makes a for a very rough ride and I am sure multiple flat tires have been casualties.  I will say  makes even  homeless folks hanging around on  corners look clean and well kept.  This issue needs to be replaced and dealt wh.  I am requesting Chris Ward and Lorie Zapf for which  section   road is lies between Districts 2 and 3 to drive back and forth between  Pacific Hwy and Gelato Vero Caffe  three times at  speed lim and see who doesn't spill an open lid cup  cfee first.
Pothole in left lane
Pot in #1 lane
Last week at night, we were driving south on Mason Street alongside  Presido Golf Course when we h something.   really jarred us and wasn't sure what happened.  Turns out  was a really deep pothole.  I was concerned that my car wheel would be damaged but I was able to continue.  If I had been driving a bike,  surely would have thrown me.  Please take care  before someone gets hurt.
Pothole on south side middle  lane
pothole wh wires in  left turn lane when facing East on Laurel turning North on Pacific Hwy.  This hole has wires embedded in .
Potholes
Potholes
Northbound College Ave right lane bad potholes never fixed.
Going north on College Ave  left lane pothole on 
Potholes
Several deep potholes along Coronado Avenue between 1900 and 2050 on  westbound lanes,  left lane.
Extreme uneven asphalt areas for a about 500 ft   road from  end  Southwest High Parking Lot to Tocayo Avenue  Not a smooth road at all.  Feels like your f roading.
Several potholes in 4900 block  pocahantasAve.  Sd 92117
Big pot hole .
There are 2 pot holes on  4200 block  Orchard Ave 92107.  In fact  entire 4200 block  Orchard Ave 92107 is a disaster. I have seen both blocks East and West slurried not once but twice while  4200 block remains untouched and is degrading furr. I have looked at  cy webse for future works and  doesn't even show up!! Please add  to your list for urgent attention ASAP!!!
A small sinkhole in public right  way located behind 1747 Hancock Street, San Diego, CA 92101
Cars are bottoming out going into  staff parking lot at Euclid Elementary school. This is  alley way leading into  Parking Lot.
Potholes
Resident has reported a dip / pothole forming on  corner  Piccard Avenue and Caseman Avenue. The corner collects large amount  water during rain.
Potholes causing a trip hazard
9015 Gold Coast Drive..west bound ..deep pothole..jarring.
9055 Gold Coast Drive...east bound ..pothole
Santo Rd. North bound from Serra High School just before Claremont Mesa Blvd intersection.  Traffic lane that parallels  median has many pot holes
Potholes are severely damaging cars. This was marked up by  cy over a month ago and nothing came  . There are several very deep potholes on Bouganville rd and Bairoko Dr.
Large pothole on Southbound Genesee.
This road is in very bad shape. Tons  potholes! Please fix soon. Thank you!
Pothole just before  light
Pothole on  left most lane 10 yards from intersection
Enormous pothole on north lane. By Smy Crossing.
Pothole
Two large potholes wh concrete chunks on  street
Several deep potholes on Streamview Dr f  Lea Street, near 5323 Streamview Dr, 92105.
Pothole so large grass is growing in 
Pothole continues to grow as residents are forced to drive through , causes unecessary wear and tear on our vehicles in a already expensive cy to commute in.
52 west heading to  North 5 ramp
Potholes and dirt and gravel along large expanse  road.
Repeated sinkage over replaced sewer main.

Very Large pothole at  intersection  college avenue and navajo road while turning right onto navajo road from college avenue
Many potholes
Street condion is absolutely TERRIBLE on Washington Street -both directions- from India Street all  way to Pacific Hwy and beyond!!! Makes for dangerous, treacherous driving!!
Pothole
Pothole
Crumbled asphalt in front  3346 53rd St.
Pothole in front  3333 53rd St
Asphalt pot hole
Two potholes in  middle   one way major street.
From W bound Navajo to Soaring in right turn lane.
Serious uneven pavement in bike lane
Hazardous pavement in bike lane
Hazardous pavement in bike lane
Very deep pot hole/sink hole
South on Genesee avenue between mount alifan and Boyd street
Potholes on double yellow line at  1200 block  Turquoise St.
The attached picture shows an uneven pavment suation which has caused several dangerous falls to people walking to access  bay trail from  500 block  San Antonio Avenue to  beach at  foot  McCall Street in Point Loma.  I have wnessed several falls since moving here in 2014,  most recent, last week, a neighbor fell and suffered scraps, cuts, etc., and she walks  trail almost every day.  The entrance to  trail is shown below just to  right   Port?s trash can.  There are many people, adults and children, who walk  trail every day, but up to 100 or more on weekends.  The cy has some liabily for  paving area if someone is injured.  Please come out and look at  suation.  I live at 545 San Antonio Avenue.  My telephone number is 619-990-9002.  Thank you.  Sharon Hilliard
pothole
Whe letters

San Vicente Street from Skyline Dr. To Rytko Street has so many potholes  makes driving very dangerous. I have reported  problem by calling in for  past 3 years and no action to date. Please make  necessary repairs so driving won?t be a hazard.
Huge pothole; has been here for months.
Pothole
Potholes (2) - one large pothole and nearby anor slightly smaller  pothole.
Via Frontera, San Diego is an industrial neighborhood. Hundreds  vehicles drive up and down  street on a daily basis. We have a number  potholes that need to be repaired. I have worked on  street for  past 5 years and every year more and more potholes are created. There has been a number  accidents due to our pothole issue.
Potholes (2) one smaller pothole and anor larger pothole nearby. Both are in front  residence 3720 Kingsley Street, San Diego, CA 92106
Left lane hole

Pothole
Deep pothole in middle  street
Deep pothole in middle  street
2 deep potholes in middle  street
Pothole along  gutter at 2832 El Cajon Blvd.
Potholes all along Poway road. 's a minefield. Where are my gas tax dollars going ???
To Whom...The communy is frustrated wh  construction starts-and-stops  (for over two years) to complete  upgrade to Camino Del Sur.   looked like May was  deadline and coming to completion but now a lane is still closed starting at  light at  56 entrance.  No work is being done and  has been over 3 weeks!  Also, none   landscaping is complete between  street at  Torrey Highland' entrance pillar, trees cut back, or  road resurfaced ( is two-toned).  There is a porta-potty at  intersection  Camino Del Sur and Highland Village Pl.  When can we expect  work to be complete? - looks like a lot  tax money wasted.Thank you.
Wide & deep pothole west   older pothole previously reported.  The older pothole nearer  Hyatt driveway had already been filled.  This is a new one.
54th & Laurel going toward Euclid by  bus stop-pothole
Horrible cracks and potholes all over road surface. Dangerous for Bikes trying to use pedestrian bridge from Dwight.
POTHOLES IN FRONT OF THE ADDRESS
Potholes. Contact is Mch at 619-817-5484
In  crosswalk over Virginia Ave at Camino De La Plaza (north side) a cover is missing over a utily access. Extreme injury could happen if someone steps in .
Howdy Folks,In 2017 your managed to resurface most  Chateau Drive, and we certainly appreciate that effort.  that time re was a section  Chateau Drive between Paola Way and Camber Drive that did not get resurfaced. I assumed that was because some sewage or underlying road work needed to be done first.   is now June  2018 and  very rough strip  Chateau Drive has not been resurfaced. I expected that when recently or streets in  neighborhood were resurfaced that  small rough strip  Chateau Drive would be included.  was not.Is re any way that you will consider resurfacing  small rough strip  Chateau Drive in  near future?Sincerely,Dale L. Cox4422 Paola WaySan Diego, CA 92117Dcox5@san.rr.com
Pothole in  bike lane near  bus stop.
Pothole
Pq Blvd eastbound, under CA56 bridge
re is large sunken pot hole from a poor patch job on  intersection  Ingram and La Playa in crown point, wnessed a lady trip and cut he head open yesterday require  medical attention, please advise asap hopefully y will pave  whole street someday
Pothole about 6 inches dee and looks to expand
Pothole
THERE ARE VERY LARGE POTHOLES/BROKEN ASPHALT ALONG VIA POSADA/CAMINITO LACAYO, NEAR THE BACKSIDE OF THE DAN MCKINNEY FAMILY YMCA.  ESPECIALLY ALONG THE GUTTERS.
Too many cracks & pot holes
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Multiple potholes.
Giant pothole
Pot hole
graffi on utily box in front  Kensington Library.
The entire asphalt patch was a waste, please concrete  mess
Several potholes at  intersection  Winchester and Rachael.

Old train tracks on W Washington street seriously need to be taken care as lots  potholes.  Also potholes on W Washington from Semper Fi Plaza to Mobil gas station need to be fixed.
My street is riddled wh pot holes. Enough is enough fix my street now, please. Thank you
Streets Division did an AC overlay on sections   street a month ago.  Unless y add  Green Book required seal coat, y will have  overlay damaged by cars.  My neighbor at 11130 Avenida de los Lobos has a big four wheel truck. When he pulls that truck out   driveway and turns his wheels, s pulling up  top   overlay.   needs a seal coat.  The Green Book requires a seal coat and  street has not been given a seal coat for at least 20 years.
Potholes located on Margerum between Fontaine Street and Navajo Road
Large pothole in intersection  Redwood and 30th St. Cars driving west on Redwood all drive right into .
Street full  potholes, opened a report but  was closed wh no work done
POTHOLE AT END OF DRIVEWAY CAUSED DAMAGE TO HER CAR...
Water runs drown street and ss where street flattens out, causing asphalt to erode on recently paved street.
RIGHT LANE OF HANCOCK GOING TO WITHERBY LARGE POTHOLE
Several pot holes at 4874& 4882
POT HOLE ON THE RAMP
Please go out and make repairs to a pothole in  street in front  our association.
COULD THE CITY PLEASE FIX THE POTHOLES ON THE DOWNHILL/UPHILL PART OF THE STREET? THIS IS A MIX OF CONCRETE AND ASPHALT AND IT HAS "NEVER" BEEN REPAIRED. I'M PAYING MY 12 CENTS PER GALLON TAX, FIX IT PLEASE.
There is a pothole when you try to enter  La Jolla Parkway from La Jolla Scenic Drive South or Hidden Valley.  You know  ltle hidden ramp that puts you right at  top  LJ Parkway to get to interstates 5 and 52 east.    has been re for 1 month now and if you do not see  at night  won't be fun for a motorcycle.  All  cars are swerving around .
Multiple potholes on an awful Road
Continuously eroding pothole
The entire street is rutted up and in terrible condion
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE INFRONT OF HIS ADDRESS.
Numerous potholes on  street
Holes and missing asphalt
Missing asphalt
Road in disrepair; many potholes, cracks & uneven pavement
Pot holes
numerous two inch deep gaping potholes on  streets
Pot hole, corner  Corte sabio and paseo lucido
Huge pothole when turning into New Salem St.  From Mira Mesa Blvd.
Lots and lots  poorly patched potholes.
Hole in street
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes.  30 previous requests at  location.  Asphalt in both directions is poor.
Badly damaged asphalt in  area


Asphalt is eroding away at edge  gutter and concrete intersection apron on  East bound side  Carmel Grove Road and Carmel Park Drive. zip 92130
Several potholes
Fix my street
2+ potholes.  Needs slurry seal too.
Parts  Georgia Street on my block have pavement crumbling and down to  dirt. This happened after  huge trucks were going up and down  road fixing  water system. The whole block is a mess. I'm attaching photos  three different places on  block.
Deep pothole
Deep pothole and damaged asphalt
The 100 block  Arbor Drive is in very poor condion wh rough surface/potholes and is in need  resurfacing.
Multiple potholes along northbound Genesee Avenue.
Multiple potholes along northbound Genesee Avenue.
Multiple potholes on eastbound Camino Del Rio W.
Large and deep potholes
Along Navajo closest to College both directions. These holes are going to damage cars!
Potholes
In far left lane, multiple pot holes which look like previously patched but back again
Just south  63rd st and El Cajon Blvd  road is in desperate need  repair. The street is plagued wh dangerous potholes that are a hazard to bikes, motorcycles, and vehicles. I have nearly harmed myself on several occasions riding my bike to and Rl from  gym.
Multiple potholes in both directions.  Warden Paramo from R.J.Donovan State Prison
Pothole in #1 eastbound lane  santo road. Middle  intersection at la cuenta drive.
Lengning pothole
A deep p has formed since  construction team refuses to fill small areas wh asphalt.
Pot hole by Kingston Court & strand way alley. Very dangerous for bikes, cars, & pedestrians.
Please repair   HUGE pothole in front  1358 Park Rowe, La Jolla.  's VERY dangerous.   A.S.A.P   Thank you.
EB Palm Ave, just east  Saturn, far right lane:  road is very beat up wh multiple potholes.
Pothole reported multiple times over past month. Still re
Pothole in middle  intersection. Drive right over  when going east on Redwood throu intersection
Multiple potholes from both sides north and south and deep open cracks that need to be refilled from 4350 Convoy St, San Diego, CA 92111 to 4600 Convoy St, San Diego, CA 92111.  I would suggest to fill  potholes and cracks and put  on  list to be resurfaced.
North bound right side
Potholes in both directions. East and west
Glasgow Drive between Merrimac Ave and Morlan Street in Clairemont is in bad shape.  There are numerous potholes and uneven surfaces.  Also re are no ramps on  corners for easy entry and ex to and from  sidewalks.
Street needs repaving many potholes and multiple open cracks that rune  length   road in both directions please patch potholes are in both east and west from 7210 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111 to 5385 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117 most  damage is over  bridge and at  intersection  shawline and clairemont mesa blv.  Please patch  multiple potholes and put  street on a list  repave.
Horrible pot hole in center lane, may actually be open manhole cover.  least 1-2 feet deep. Incredibly dangerous.
Left turn lane and lane 1 and 2 have lots  potholes. I drive re everyday and 's miserable
Major pothole at  street in between Staybridge Sues-Sorrento Mesa and  food plaza across from . The pothole is at a U-turn spot and people including me most likely will not see  and slam into  hard as y are U-turning
Going down tenth Avenue from Broadway to f street driving south re are alot  pot holes and  road is bad I've drove down re several times getting worse I wish  was paved clean!
Pothole on  street
Large pothole underneath  west side traffic light for  intersection  Jade Coast Drive and Camino Ruiz. 's been growing larger for months and recently is always filled wh water. Note 's at  intersection  Jade Coast DRIVE and Camino Ruiz. Not Jade Coast Road, which is one block north. The traffic light above  pothole controls traffic in and out   Jade Coast Condominiums parking lot.
Multiple large pothole on 5600 & 5700 BloCK HAZARD
Just before  I-8 West onramp on southbound College Ave, re is an unpatched trench across  entire lane that needs to be filled imediately.  There is not even a way to avoid  significant obstacle that nearly causes me to lose control and likely damages vehicles.  Someone is not doing ir job  monoring  contractors that leave ir work unfinished like .
For 300 to 500 yards in eir direction  where I placed  marker, re are a series  potholes in  right track   right hand west/southbound lane.  Along wh  occasional pothole in  left track, y are difficult to avoid and distract from safe driving on  high speed road.   has been a long time since  section received repairs, but needs attention badly now.
Several potholes along  road
Pothole on eastbound Gold Coast Dr infront  9065 Gold Coast Dr
Francisco Dr is in horrible shape. Several potholes and asphalt deuteration causing large chunks  asphalt to be kicked up by passing cars. Addionally many senior cizens walk  neighborhood and can trip on  potholes and asphalt chunks. Several neighbors have contacted Mark Kersey's fice as well as SD building department but  appears no action is planned. Just last Thursday a crew cam to fill just 2 potholes and I confirmed wh m that y will subm report to have Francisco Dr repaved.
Utily cover broken and causing a pothole
Asphalt is 2 - 3" below grade in  area. Could cause vehicle damage.
2' large pothole getting bigger when trucks drive over . Contact is Jose at 858-256-9295
Large pothole in NE lane near center  street, located between 6461 and 6460 La Jolla Scenic Drive South.  Damage to my left front wheel from  already.  Please repair ASAP
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
numerous potholes in street
POTHOLE  LARGE HUGE POTHOLE
This NEW road damage is located on  Miramar Lake loop road that circles  lake. The earth under  road is sinking down towards  water causing massive cracks. These NEW cracks are over 2" wide and a good 1" deep that present danger to walkers (sprained ankles), bikers (falls), and baby strollers (tipping over). This has been reported in 2014 and 2015 and only 35-40%   problem fixed in a nearby locations. However,  adjacent area was missed and NOT repaired.  has since become worse wh widening cracks that present a life safety issue. Please contact me if you need assistance locating  danger. I will be happy to meet one  your engineers if needed on se.Thank you,Richard Virgallo619-997-6475
Large pothole
There is a pothole in  middle   road in front   house. The road area next to  curb in front   house is also eroded. This runs along most   front   house.
Potholes in  westbound lanes in  1900 block  West Washington St, directly under  Interstate 5 overcrossing.
Good afternoon,Wilson Green is reporting potholes along Sola Ave, at  corner  68th & Sola Ave. and more along Judson Way. He can be reached at 619-466-5707.Thank you,Kassie IsbellAdministrative Aide ICy  San DiegoPublic Works
Pot hole in middle   street
Hello,i have been dealing wh issues wh holes by my property for over two years now.Ive been in contact wh Mary Ramirez,who first told me  job would be fixed same week,two weeks later hadn't been done,so i called her back got no reply,so i called  help line again,asked to speak to anor supervisor above mary,i spoke to Art Garcia,who assured me  work would be done, wasnt!so called him back,got no reply,n Mary called me again and was very rude,stating that she had called me and left a message(which obviously she hadnt else i wouldnt have gone and tried to speak wh someone else!)she talked all over me saying well moving on,when i was explaining to her that she must have left  message wh someone else because  wasnt me,she told me that  would be done,Erin came did two holes,told me that y would be back to put cones out to stop parking,and do  last one,that was may 16th and nothing!i am really sick   lack  care, and cars parking on my property because  hole!see pics.
On  bike path underneath  bridge are a series  potholes that difficult to see because   bridge shadow.
Between  Corner  Mercury (south bound) and Armour. Uneven surface road
Numerous Potholes - road hazard
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Both sides   road from rancho penosquos Blvd to Poway Rd all  way to fillipis pizza granto need to be removed and replaced overlay badly ASAP
Whole length  strength all potholes, multiple reports no one has to check on street
Pothole getting bigger and bigger
Entire street in dire need  repair!
Entire street needs repair ASAP!!!
Large pothole 12" x 24" has been in front  my neighbors driveway for about 2 months. The road was resurfaced in October 2017 but  seems to have lifted up severely.
Pothole in left lane going south next to  java shack and flower shop. Not sure why  ticket was closed before as  has not been fixed.
Multiple pot holes going down hill
Driving 15 south and after you pass  805 south ex,  fast lane has about 10 separate potholes in  cement for about a 1 mile stretch.  The potholes end as you head towards  94 freeway and  cement changes to asphalt.  There's 1 pothole that is about 8 inches deep.  Extremely dangerous for a motorcyclist.
There are two large potholes on East bound Grand Ave. One in each lane.
Bike safety issue- Potholes and elongated cracks in pavement. Increases risk  bike accidents.
Potholes
asphalt repair needed. was repaired before but bad job
Large pothole in far left lane between I-15 north and Shoal Creek Drive.
This street is in very poor condion.  Please patch!
In  alley way behind  apartments at 5063 Clairemont Mesa Blvd re is extensive damage and potholes to  road. Residents   area are tripping and damaging ir vehicles even when driving slow on  road.  needs immediate attention.
Street pothole. Pedestrian & Driving Hazard
Pothole in center  Van Dyke Ave., across from 4520 and 4527 Van Dye Ave., near a prior pothole repair
Deep pothole  whole length  street cars bottom out all day and night
Pot holes.. Almost mess up my alignment
Bad potholes in  intersection  8th and C, around  trolley tracks
Multiple potholes and cracks.  One pothole is very deep.
There is a large pothole on Genesee ave between Boyd ave and Marlesta dr.
Large pothole
 entire cul-de-sac & surrounding street (almendro lane) is full  potholes & damaged asphalt.  almendro lane is in horrible condion and ruining  alignment on my car!


Very noisy pothole as you come f 163S onto Washington West.    Trucks, cars everything h  patch so hard.   Please consider patching .   I live at 4021 8th 92103.
Scattered potholes and uneven road
2nd lane westbound before crosses River Run Dr.
Potholes everywhere and  train tracks that are not used any more need to be taken out. Potholes and bumps coming f Pacific Highway and turning left onto West Washington Street as well as underneath  overpass.
street in front  address listed is crumbling and asphalt is coming out in chunks
Multiple potholes in front  17453 Carnton Way.  This road is in severe disrepair and is in need on complete resurfacing.  Please make  needed asphalt repairs on Carnton Way.
Torn up pavement at curve
Cold Patch left by Cy  San Diego Water Department in 4ft x 4 ft patch is not flush wh existing surface.  Some areas are 1inch below existing ground, and some areas are 2" ABOVE existing ground.
Sidewalk repair is BADLY needed on  street where lerally half   street is now a pothole
Two potholes colusa st just north  friars rd.   stop light.
Alley behind 1300 block  Pacific Beach Dr is a dangerous mess. 's just a matter  time before somebody is injured.
Large
Large pothole in  northbound lanes wh asphalt pieces in  street
LOTS OF POTHOLES, HIS CAR KEEPS BEING JARRED AROUND , BETWEEN 64TH & MONTEZUMA ON  EL CAJON BL..
Broken asphalt on street
Resident reported cracks in  road and potential potholes forming
There is a very long crack in  road  runs along  westbound side  Clairemont Mesa Blvd in Kearny Mesa between Ruffner Street and Shawline Street that needs to be repaired and filled in. The entirety  Clairemont Mesa Blvd along  stretch needs to have potholes and cracks filled and repaired as  is a hazard for vehicles and  stretch is filled wh m.
In front  3681 Georgia Street 92103,  street was excavated for a water line to  hydrant on  west side  Georgia St. After  crew finished ir work, y covered  6"-wide excavation, but did not make  level wh  existing pavement. This "gouge" stretches across  width  Georgia St and is extremely hazardous to bicycles, motorized scooters, and skateboards that head down  hill southbound. A lawsu may result if someone falls as a result  hting  at a high rat
There a several large potholes and severe cracks at  intersection  Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Convoy Street that needs to be filled immediately.
There are significant potholes and cracks in  left turn lane from northbound Convoy Street to westbound Balboa Ave that needs to be filled and fixed immediately.
Chunks  asphalt pavement missing on street in front  home. Water leaking from meter undermined pavement. Meter leak is repaired and pavement needs repair.  Thank you.

Wide shallow pothole  cause cars to swerve into oncoming traffic to avoid.
What is  going to take for you guys to fix  crappy Road!
On Clairemont Mesa Blvd west, just west  Antigua
PER PD, THERE IS BLACKTOP LIFTING UP FROM THE ASPHALT IN THE RDAND SAYS IT IS A HAZ PLS 11-11
Pothole
THE STRETCH OF ROAD ON GENESEE  BETWEEN MARLESTA & BOYD HAS NUMEROUS LARGE POTHOLES AND CRACKS
From Pacific Highway getting onto Barnett heading west, re are several pot holesdeveloping just before Henderson St.  That stretch  road is starting to get bad,especially  right lane.
Pot hole
Multiple potholes on Meadow Lark Drive between Vista Hill Ave all  way to Birmingham Way.
Very large pothole near stop sign
Crumbling asphalt
West side alley 928 OliverAve 92109
LARGE POTHOLE, CLAIMS CAUSED DAMAGED TO VEHICLE!
pothole.
Bernardo Heights Middle School and Rancho Bernando high school  road is becoming very messy and too many pot holes. I am very concerned about  kids safety due to unsafe road due to bad condion   road.This is a good time as no schools due to summer holidays  to put new asphalt.
Pothole by curb.
NEC POTHOLE
Alley riddled wh large potholes 11 inches long trip hazard child has fallen and car damaging taking chunks out  tires  Escalade.
I keep on filing complaints and  cy keeps closing m whout fixing m. Please fill  pot holes on Seminole drive. Very dangerous-near school and park, and bad for cars.
The street condion has n front  my house are deplorable and are causing a hazard to vehicles and pedestrians. There are numerous pot hole that require immediate repair. They vary in depth and size.

eb 2 ft pothole causing drivers to swerve/2nd lane from  right
deep pothole at location  sewer repair work in middle  street. On Mt. Abraham Ave., about 200 yards south  cross street Mt. Aguilar. San Diego 92111.
Pothole in street
Potholes in street
Potholes all along Rufner in between Balboa and Opportuny. The potholes will be filled and come right back. Car Mad and or dealerships who use  road to need to to replace  or pave so  can whstand  large trucks carrying cars
Pothole in street almost near  curb. When a car goes over  . y' sp ltle pebbles at  window..
Friars Road from 163 N Ex pothole deep can damage low prile wheels
Pothole on Ruffin Rd heading south, in right turn lane (for turning onto Aero Dr going east).
Many potholes and cracks in street
Going NORTH on College Ave. This patch was NOT DONE CORRECTLY.  is uneven and continues to sink in. Please repair correctly or have digging contractor do 
Right lane has very uneven pavement on south-bound side  N Torrey Pines, caused tired and wheel damage when driving at 40 mph. Near electrical boxes
The alley has hige potholes that have caused damaged to cars and to  extend where people just abandon ir cars in  alley. We have children that live and play here.  is unsafe for m to ride ir bikes and for people to walk. They get h by rocks that cars kick up and trip all  time. For most  us on  street  is our main access to our homes since our garages are on  alley. Having  loose dirt and gravel makes  dangerous as well. We would like to have potholes filled in and alley street swept on occasion. We just recently purchased  home here 2 years ago and have never had  streets swept or maintained. We would love your help in improving  neighboorhood.
I have been living on  street since 2006 and  street has never been repaired or re-paved.  is full  cracks and holes.Today I was in Carmel Mountain area (Tradion St.) and noticed that  streets have been re-paved even though y were already in better condion than  streets in my neighborhood.Who decides which streets get re-paved, and how?Everyday when I drive back home I have to deal wh  potholes on  corner  Paseo Montalban and Carmel Mtn. Rd which are sometimes unavoidable due to or cars and/or pedestrians. Then I have to deal wh  holes when turning onto Paseo Cevera. would be nice to have  streets in our neighborhood fixed, instead  fixing what 's not as badly broken.
Large pothole that has to be avoided to migate damage to cars.
MULTIPLE POTHOLES
Series  potholes along bellota drive.
Westbound Otay Mesa Road is rutted and full  holes.  There is no room to avoid  quarter mile stretch  highly damaged road.   is need  stripping and resurfacing.
LARGE POTHOLE, LADY IN WHEELCHAIR FELL, POTHOLE LOCATED NEAR R1 ON EAST SIDE OF STREET
Potholes
There have been dozens  requests made for all  potholes on eastbound Montezuma Rd be fixed.  never happens. There are dozens  potholes small and large. Please repair
There have been dozens  requests made for all  potholes on eastbound Montezuma Rd be fixed.  never happens. There are dozens  potholes small and large. Please repair
Please repair  street. This section is a concrete.  is uneven. A chunk already popped out. There is a bump. There is a pothole. Requests submted always get ignored. Please repair. This is uphill downhill
Pothole
Potholes north bound  on College at Navajo. Contact is David at 619-602-6365
Potholes traveling east bound on Navajo Rd after College. Contact is David at 619-602-6365
Monument lid causing pot hole
Several potholes behind fire station in ir emergency ex route
They did  sidewalks but never did  rest   alley  is on  alley on 24thst in  middle  Fst and Est please have m fix 
Westbound number 1 lane

Large pothole continues to get bigger right in  middle   Fireside.
bad pothole and getting worse. long cracks in roadway. intersection linda vista 8050 stallmer st 7899 (
potholes in street ashford and beagle st intersection
potholes in street ashford and beagle st intersection
knarley pothole, dude.  ruins my mellow drive intersection  linda vista road and stalmer
baby pothole just starting to be born. - like bob marley says "fill  before  grows."
standard pothole
pothole wh cracks all around
Potholes by 6303 Muirlands Dr and area where concrete road is higher than  asphalt portion   road at intersection
Big pothole northbound crown point drive
Still some potholes, please repave

Del norte to I 15, that area is very bad
Very bad condion in del norte to west , please repave that area
There are 4 large potholes on Jamacha Rd. They exist between  125 freeway and Cardiff
Large pot hole in right turn lane
NEAR 3900 BLK
Pot hole reported 254 days ago.Why would  cy repaint crosswalk and pain over pot holes and street in disrepair?
Right lane (fast lane not carpool lane) 0.5 mile before ex to via de la Valle has a pothole.

Multiple potholes were created and not fixed when construction workers broke  road to fix some water issue. s been about a week now and y are bad. I seen cars scrape and throws sparks.
There is a big pothole on  corner  Balboa Avenue and Ruffin Road in San Diego, CA 92123.  Next to  Jack in  Box building.
Major pothole in  alley behind  rabb hole
Significant amount  asphalt between 11999 and 11989 Obispo.  appears  was a repair  a utily cut made crossways to  street and  repair is crumbling. There are also some deterioration in  cross street intersection  Obispo and Diego, just a short distance from  utily cut.
Huge hole in street on Redwood street, near side  house at 3106 Menlo. Parked my car re and tire was in huge hole, can easily damage tires.
Pothole
Pothole
Multiple medium to small potholes and lots  cracks between Stanley and Art on Seminole - both sides  street.
One medium pothole on  east bound side - near center  street - near  intersection  Acorn and Seminole.
In middle   street
This entire stretch is more potholes and bad patches than  is road! An oncoming van just swerved and nearly h me!!
On edge  street
The road continues to erode furr each year.
Amherst & El Cajon blvd westbound  left lane has a HUGE, DESTRUCTIVE & DANGEROUS POTHOLE!! Needs to be repaired ASAP!!!
Several new potholes starting on Arnott. Needs to be addressed wh material or than temporary.
DEBRI IN STREET
Potholes
This is an addendum to my original report; re are multiple potholes and torn up areas on our cul de sac. Here is a photo  yet anor destroyed area  asphalt. Please fix our street!
This is an addendum to my original report; re are multiple potholes and torn up areas on our cul de sac. Here is a photo  yet anor destroyed area  asphalt. Please fix our street!
This is an addendum to my original report; re are multiple potholes and torn up areas on our cul de sac. Here is a photo  yet anor destroyed area  asphalt. Please fix our street!
Broken top to eir storm drain or under road access in Rapid Bus Lane...can be a very dangerous issue if someone walks into and does not see .
This is an addendum to my original report; re are multiple potholes and torn up areas on our cul de sac. Here is a photo  yet anor destroyed area  asphalt. Please fix our street!
This is an addendum to my original report; re are multiple potholes and torn up areas on our cul de sac. Here is a photo  yet anor destroyed area  asphalt. Please fix our street!
Several potholes on First Ave., middle lane, street crumbling.
PER SDPD THERE IS TRASH THAT HAS BEEN DUMPED AT THE ENTRANCE TO THE GOLF COURSE IN THE CANYON


pothole at southbound Qualcomm Way and Camino De La Reina.
POTHOLES
Many potholes in  block
SEVERAL POTHOLES AT THE DEAD END BY RUTGERS
Potholes in center eastbound Lane approximately 200 feet before intersection.
Potholes in  eastbound #2 lane in  11500 block  Ted Williams Parkway. This is a quarter mile west   intersection at Shoal Creek Drive.
The entirety  Convoy Court between Hickman Field Drive and Shawline Street has a large number  potholes and cracks in  street that needs to be patched as soon as possible.
Failed patch on sink hole. This is one  two sink holes.
Large pot hole and trip hazard up near  sidewalk and driveway
Hermes street 1650 block  whole block has potholes
Street is full  cracks and potholes
POTHOLES ALONG BOULDER LAKE AVE. UNEVEN ROAD.
POTHOLE AS YOU CONTINUE DOWN THE HILL ON MARGERUM NORTH OF NAVAJO
Pothole southbound right lane. Been re for about two months.
Pothole in left lane at  termination  south/east bound North Torrey Pines Rd where  spls into La Jolla Village Dr and Torrey Pines Rd. 's  spot right next to  eucalyptus tree where  tree root seems to be pushing up  ground and causing extra wear on that spot. Years ago  was happening and y appeared to repair .  is a problem again. Thank you!
Northwest corner  Clairemont Drive & Ute Drive.
Cy installed a new water/utily cover in  middle   street, but was short on backfilling  hole so  now ss 2-3" below  road, and has been like  for several months.  is on Ulric St, just North   163 access and is unavoidable due to construction on  shoulder  Ulric.
The entire stretch  Sorrento Valley Rd, especially between Carmel Mountain Rd. and  Sorrento Valley train station, needs much awaed TLC > namely repaving once heavy equipment for LOSSAN double tracking and storm water work is done.  Wider and buffered bike lanes restriping as well.  Please and thank you.
This street is so horrible to drive on.  Menlo Avenue in between Monroe Ave & El Cajon Blvd. Please fix  stretch  Menlo Ave!
This street has many potholes. 44th Street In between Meade Ave & Monroe Ave. Please fix  stretch  road on 44th St asap!
Not really just a pothole.  The whole length  Via De Norte that's east  La Jolla Blvd is atrocious, but  section (which is right at  spot where  bike path/old trolley easement crosses Via De Norte) is perhaps  worst piece  paved road anywhere in  Western World.  Since we just got dinged 1.7 mil for a Segway accident just a few blocks away,  might be cheaper  time if you would repave  road <i>before</i>  puts us on  hook for anor high 7 figures.
Massive potholes and uneven pavement all along east harbor drive
Pothole in center  Van Dyke Avenue, in front  4516 Van Dyke Ave.
Graffi on Cy trash can in front  8061 Skyline, graffi on signal light box and fire hydrant meter box at Greenlawn and Skyline.

Pot Holes on Asphalt (see pic.) between Shell Gas Station 1881 Palm Av, SD, 921554) and Storm Drain Channel Wall, Please Repair, Thank you
Sunken pothole blocking driveway
Directly out front  my driveway, re is a serious pothole.  I filled  in a few months ago, but today a cy street sweeper ran over  area and  sunk tremendously.  After looking at ,  appears to be being undermined by something.  I am afraid  is going to grow into a large sink hole.  The cy employee driving  street sweeper is also sending  in wh a picture.  Please follow up on .   would be much appreciated.
After  garbage truck pickup  morning we have a 3 foot section  asphalt that lifted to about 6 inches. See attached. This is a major tripping hazard in  middle  cul-de-sac, driving over  would cause damage to any car. Please have someone come out and at least level  until y have time to fix  properly.
I was riding my bike down Bacon st. between Cape May Ave, and W Point Loma Blvd when My bike tire got stuck in  cracked street. I flipped over  handle bars and broke a tooth.   street (Bacon) is in really bad shape. needs resurfacing!!
I drive down eastbound on Sola on a daily basis.  The 6700 block  Sola down to 68th street is in dire need  repair.  The pothole in  middle   68th street and Tower intersection is so deep that when I drove over  a few nights ago caused  front end  my new vehicle to need a front end alignment.  This section  Sola has been in dire need  repair for a long period  time now.  I have seen sections  El Cajon Blvd being repaired but not any   side streets.  Please take note   request and take action on resurfacing  street.Thank you and I look forward to seeing  street repaired.
Pothole on  east side  Executive Way, just north   intersection wh La Jolla Village Drive.
18" diameter pothole on Vickers st. 50 feet west  Convoy st. in Kearny Mesa
Multiple potholes in alleyway, no ADA curb access.  Gresham street between Grand And Thomas
There are a few at  end  La Jolla Scenic Drive south (after Via Capri ends) in  stretch getting on to eastbound La Jolla Parkway
Pothole SB 3888 Genesee Av
Pothole in left lane  North bound lane

Pothole and concrete bus station pad failed.
POTHOLES/AND REALLY BAD DETEIRIOATION BY FREEWAY
Cracked road in  alley behind 4465 48th street. Vehicle/people hazard.
Significant damage to  pavement along  bike lane on Camino Del Rio North between Mission Cy Pkwy and Qualcomm Way.Please see  attached photo.
Large steep-sided pothole in Lane 2 counting from center Lane. South  Mt Aliban and north  Genesee Court E. signal lights. The last time I went over a similar pothole I had to buy  new tire and y insisted I buy 2 new front tires for a total  $500! If  turns out that again I must encourage  expense n I will pass  bill on to  cy.
Potholes
Large pothole that has been left for months and has gotten much worse over time.  Multiple complaints have been filed and  only thing  cy did was put cones around .  This is not a solution!
HOMELESS ENCAMPMENT ST SHELL GAS STATION!
East bound Mira Mesa Blvd before Aderman. Large pothole in Lane 1 (left most lane)
Major concrete scattered around and sewer whout a proper lid few people had fallen
very poor street on condions on Datsun Street and Otay Valley Road.potholes, uneven pavement, no side walks
Potholes
POTHOLE HEAR VONS SHOPPING CTR. N/B ON 30TH ST
Street is in severe need  repair. The lane closest to Ralphs has a large amount  potholes all along .
Pothole in middle lane  eastbound La Jolla Village Drive right before intersection wh Villa La Jolla Dr.
There are several potholes on Mission Center Rd. This street is an embarassment to tourism and residents. You cannot drive going north whout hting a pothole. I would have to subm 7 requests to have se all repaired. Please repair m
There are two potholes in front  address 5382 Fontaine St, San Diego, CA 92120.  They have been re for over a month, since early June 2018
A pothole outside my driveway wh a crack leading out from  to  middle   street.  The hole has gotten bigger during  last 24 hours.  I?m afraid  is a sink hole and will affect my property.   needs to be inspected soon and repaired.  I wanted to notify  cy   problem and to go on record in case something happens and  cy has not responded.  Thank you for your prompt attention to  matter.
Missing asphalt/needs refilling. Vehicles dip too much when riding over . On  east side  5002 Long Branch Avenue, which crosses Bacon Street



Pothole
Large/deep pothole in concrete alley. This one needs to be filled ASAP
I am a RSVP Volunteer.  Jutland is a recently resurfaced street and a pothole developed whin a few months.   was fixed once but is coming apart again.   is in front  my house 4534 Jutland Drive. Can  be repaired so  doesn?t come again?
Pot holes
Pot hole
Pot hole
Northbound Menlo between El Cajon Blvd. And Monroe
a pot hole at 6900 block  country club drive in la jolla  is continuously getting bigger and damaging  cars.wh  history  same part  country club collapsing few years ago,  is a bad sign.
Potholes westbound just west   intersection.
Eastbound potholes in center lane, and repatch potholes in left turn lane
Big gap , needs to be filled
Huge pothole on divider line.
4 potholes on Roswell Street, & y are leaving big rocks in  middle   street from cars rolling over  holes



Will Division St heading east ever get repaved? Small various potholes along  entire street ('s pretty obvious what section, but Division St between Valencia Pkwy and 58th St) has always been a bumpy ride and most people drive through  center island or try to angle ir cars so  potholes (hopefully) go between  tires?if 's a compact car, 's a bumpy ride regardless.
Pothole in far right eastbound lane
Large pothole on  south bound side.
heaving pavement in bike lane
Big hole in center eastbound lane in between  crosswalk lines someone's going to fall in  crosswalk
repair is falling apart
W/B   CAM DEL NORTE   @ PASEO MONTANOSO  AT THE X WALK ....POTHOLES
Details/Comments:There are two potholes in front  address 5382 Fontaine St, San Diego, CA 92120. They have been re since early June 2018kato001@hotmail.com
There is a 3' x 2' pothole in  parking lot at santa clara point.   is in  second row from  bay and is very deep and wide.  I have had numerous patrons report , each time I requested that y did what I am doing now.   Report  to  cy :)  On behalf  my patrons at santa clara recreation center, would you please fix  giant pot hole?  Appreciate you guys.
Pothole along side  street that makes  unsafe when entering and exing car as well as crossing  stree
There is a very long crack in  road  runs along  westbound side  Clairemont Mesa Blvd in Kearny Mesa between Ruffner Street and Shawline Street that needs to be repaired and filled in. The entirety  Clairemont Mesa Blvd along  stretch needs to have potholes and cracks filled and repaired as  is a hazard for vehicles and  stretch is filled wh m.
Pothole on navajo road in front  chase bank. Pothole located in  center lane   3 lane road, going Westbound
There are two potholes next to each or in  middle   entrance/ex   driveway to  parking lot for  Cowles Mountain trailhead, on  norast corner  Golfcrest Dr. at Navajo Rd.
Big potholes
Last night (July 4th, 8:50pm) my 83yr old mor fell forward out  her wheelchair due to a large pothole on Greenford Drive, in front  her street, Cord Lane. She has minor cuts & scrapes. A kind cizen immediately ran to help us, lifting her from  street back into her wheelchair, n back safely to  sidewalk. We need to fix those roads. Lots  elderly in  area. I'm worried  has happened to ors and that  will continue to affect physically (and/or visually) impaired individuals.
heaved up pavement in bike lane
3 POTHOLES, CAUSED DAMAGE TO VEHICLE, DENT RIMS, WHEEL ALIGNMENT , AND FLAT TIRE! POTHOLES ARE ON JAMACHA.
Pothole located on Aldine under  fairmount bridge
YOU FIXED IT!   Thank you for resurfacing what used to be one   worst roads in north San Diego!  Almost everyone in my Rancho San Pasqual neighborhood in east Escondido  ( surrounds  Eagle Crest golf course) drives that road everyday and complained for years.  I just wanted to express our sincere appreciation for making  repairs,  road is now a pleasure to drive!  Thank you, thank you, thank youGreg Butler
southbd lane, right lane at  intersection, very deep hole
hole right turn lane on Navajo
several potholes, southbd, right lane
Pothole in middle   street.
Large area  buckled and broken asphalt. Large pot hole in middle  damaged roadway
Rod has multiple potholes, open cracks, missing pavement needs to be patched and resurfaced in both directions from east and west from 6500 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111 to 7844 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111 please repair and resurface  road please.
Potholes: Seminole Drive between Sola Ave and Stanley Ave has so many potholes that 's not possible to list m all.  This section  Seminole is an ongoing problem; Cy keeps closing Get  Done requests whout EVER fixing  problem.  Get  Done? I haven't seen any evidence  that here.
The alley is one a block to  South f   Clairemont mesa Blvd behind Padre gardens (about 5000 block). Alley is east  Longford- between Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Kesling.  runs about 2 blocks right up to  Smart & Final parking lot.
When  corners   sidewalks were modified for disabled access on all corners, y dug out  street and never filled m back up. 's a hazard for any disabled/elderly person in a wheel chair or wh limed walking abilies. Please fill in  se areas and make our area a safer place.
Per water department need road mix to patch in front  driveway.
Potholes ALL over Fairmount Ave in both directions (north and south). PLEASE fix se! They are so dangerous and y are damaging to vehicles
Pothole that is expanding.

Pothole adjacent to median on Madison Avenue, west  32nd Street
Street is in I'll repair.  Terrible pot holes and street needs to be completely replaced. Ruining cars
Potholes at 57th and Roswell Street
NON LEVELED ROADWAY IN FRONT OF 3318 ARTHUR AV IN THE STREET IN FRONT OF THE DRIVEWAY.  THERE IS ALSO ASPHALT MISSING FROM THE CURB LLINE IN THE STREET.
Massive pothole at  beginning  left turn lane on Brannia Blvd at stoplight turning onto Brannia Park Place.
Road was repaired and never flattened or correctly filled now a giant bump
Dangerously deep pothole when turning left from Montezuma onto El Cajon
Inverted pothole.
Pothole/ waterleak fixed about 3 weeks ago, but y haven't paved correctly uneven road and bumpyPlease fix
  Northwest corner  Balboa Ave and Ruffin Road re is a very deep pothole, and I cringe every time I forget and accidentally drive my poor car over .
Really bad pot hole near  corner. South west section  Thalia St/Fern Ave
Water is coming out   street and  water is molding up  curb along  street.
The entirety  Kleefeld Avenue is ltered wh large potholes.
Large Pothole
The pothole is so big and bad. Would hate for  cy to get sued.
Pothole is deep.
Pot hole on utily trench. Second requestw
POTHOLED CAUSED FLAT TIRE. POTHOLE NEAR THE SHELL GAS STATION. IT IS CLOSE WHERE YOU MAKE A RIGHT EB FROM MISSION CENTER RD
Multiple potholes, cracks open pavement, missing pavement in both directions in both directions east and west from 10201 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92124 to 7559 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111 please repair and patch cracks potholes and dracks and put  road on  list to be repaved.  Badly needs repair.
Potholes, large open cracks, missing pavement, in both directions north and south, road is badly torn up and needs to be patched but most importantly needs to be put on  list for repavement from  4201 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109 to 4801 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109 also  over pass going north needs repaving as well.  This road has multiple issues and needs to be repaired asap before re is an accident.
Pothole in slow lane next to  ex lane #27.  (Where ex lane begins)
805 northbound on  north park on ramp
Pothole on Southbound Pomerado Rd as soon as you come out  intersection in  left hand lane. This is at intersection  Pomerado Rd and Rancho Bernardo Rd.
8759 Westonhill Drive north bound side as you turn right on Hillary a very big pothole that always has water in ...so you don't see  until 's too late...very jarring! Please fix!!! Thanks
Large rectangular pothole.
There's a pothole on Saturn just before Donax Street
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON NAVAJO RD BETWEEN COLLEGE & PARK RIDGE BLVD
Pothole
The entire length   street needs repair but  included photo potholes are near  center   street/approximately at 6027 and 6038 Bradford Street, 92115. Thank you.
Pothole in front  driveway  senior center
Two large potholes in center   road about 20 feet apart.
Three potholes in center  road.
Pothole - noisy as cars go over
Potholes
Pot holes all over  place along  whole 25th street road
BAD POTHOLE  ON N/B CONVOY LEFT TURN LANE , SOUTH OF BALBOA  (TO BE HANDLED IN NEXT COUPLE OF DAYS)
Fairmount Avenue northbound between Montezuma and I-8 is beyond pothole.  needs to be fixed.

Pot hole in middle   street.
Large pothole - left lane headed northbound on Pomerado Road just north  Rancho Bernardo Road
From 4000 Orange to 4300 Orange  street is in terrible shape.   has been dug up and covered too many times to count.  We pass over  area by car and bicycle several times a week.  I am sure damage is being done to our car and riding over  area is dangerous.
On Bernardo Center Drive heading North between Adorno Pl and Regalo Lane in  outer left hand turn lane, re is a pothole that is continuing to degrade and get worse.
Pothole in middle/ right lane  westbound Ted Williams Pkwy on corner  Ted Williams Pkwy and Shoal Creek Dr.
A gentleman called Risk Management to say that  morning he and anor driver damaged wheels and tires in a very large pothole. He said 's near  intersection but not in  so you may have to look around a ltle - sorry. The caller added that  pothole is large enough that  would cause a motorcyclist to lose control.
pavement heaved up in bike lane.
On Saturday early in  morning approximately my car run into a big pothall in  middle   street on Brannia Blvd few meters before  intersection  Brtannia Park Place as you are heading to CBX airport. Damaged my two tires and rims.Note :  pothole very big and very dangerous for  motor bikers needs to repair  ASAP. Thanks
BAD POTHOLE W/B RIGHT LANE AS YOU GO INTO 35TH N/B
SB La Jolla Shores Dr., approx.  location 100-200 ft north  intersection wh El Paseo  Grande, new pothole.
Big pot hole
Deep pothole in left lane heading north on Pomerado Road just passed Rancho Bernardo Road.
ERNEST @ 858-354-9303 REPORTED POTHOLES THAT NEEDS TO BE FIXED ON 3000 BLOCK OF AFTON RD.
The street has several large pot holes / uneven surface from being dug up several times over past year for water/sewer upgrades and a major gas leak. These construction openings have never been repaired correctly. s so bad my house shakes when large vehicles drive over and  constant noise is horrible! please repair, much thanks Jonathan Harley
There are multiple potholes along Boulder Lake from Navajo to Cowles Mountain.  The street is decaying and needs to be repaired.  This has been an issue for years.
SEVERAL POTHOLES, CUSTOMER DRIVES A MOTORCYCLE AND BICYCLE!
SEVERAL POTHOLES
POTHOLE, JUST OUTSIDE OF DRIVEWAY IN STREET!
Potholes
Cowles Mountain from Navajo to Jackson will shake your teeth loose.  's been terrible for years.  All  streets around  are being fixed but not  one and  is  worst!!  If 's not your terrory - please forward to whoever can fix !!  PLEASE
Pothole wh lose asphalt damaging vehicles. Please fix asap!
Several pothole on  street across from 254 North Meadowbrook Drive San Diego Ca 92114
Fix holes and cracks
Big pothole in  intersection
Three potholes southbound lanes
Ramp onto Friars f Mission Center Dr.
The whole section  Copley Dr from 5553 to 5887 is covered in potholes. Cars are weaving through lanes and  is becoming a safety hazard. Not to mention Kaiser is located at  end  Copley Dr near 5887. Ambulances do travel  road as well as a number  employees trying to get to work.
western end  Forestview Ln is badly deteriorated and awfully bumpy to drive on. Was never repaved when  rest   street was about 18 months ago.
Potholes recurring.
There is a pothole as you are going on  ramp to 805 North.
Pothole
Pothole
2 HUGE POTHOLES  (CAN BE BLINDESIDED VERY BAD PORTHOLES)
Uneven pavement going south on Beyer Way near intersection  Palm Avenue.
After extensive pipe work Florida Street between Morley Field Road and Universy is extremely uneven and pocketed w/ruts. Please finish  pipework and resurface!
Surface  Cliffridge Our has large area that is eroding and forming a large pothole
BAD POTHOLE DAMAGED 2 TIRES, IN FRONT OF PF CHANGS
Potholes all along street
Surface is cumbing and make  entry way into  court dangerous for motorcycle riders
The surface is still uneven and dangerous for motorcycle riders. Only  middle portion was fixed. The whole entry needs to be fixed.
Pothole on southbound Fairmount Ave between Camino Del Rio N. and  I-8 Westbound onramp. Photo wasn't taken due to driving. To Cy staff who read  reports, please do not close  report because re is no address listed. Call or email me if you need furr clarification on  matter before closing due to a lack  address.
On Chatsworth Blvd traveling in  norast direction (going to Nimz), re are 3 - 4 deep potholes between Dixon Place and Milan St.   The right side tires will go directly over  potholes.   They are hard to miss.   The last is a larger area  crumbling asphalt.   They have been re for a couple months and getting worse.  Please fill and thank you in advance.
Tus street from Henry to Pringle is in terrible shape, very dangerous for cars
Man whole cover in middle East bound lane is several inches below  payment causing a pothole like effect.
Please update report 00362478.   I checked again and re is only one deep pothole at Chatsworth and Dixon.  Then one more small one after that going toward Nimz.    The road is rough, but no specific or potholes, so please change  report to 2 potholes, one large and one small.    Not 3-4.    The 3-4 were just rough road sections, not potholes.  Thanks.
Our street has not been re- paved for years  needs to be done now!!!!
Both Francisco Drive and Bernardo Oaks are a mess! Temporary fixes are done and do not last. Both streets get a lot  traffic and need to be re-paved. Kids ride bikes and scooters up and down both streets. The elderly walk se streets as well.  is not only unsightly, but also a hazard and an injury is just waing to happen.
Multiple potholes right before h Broadway
S/B FAIRMOUNT RIGHT BEFORE MONTEZUMA (RIGHT LANE)
Deep pothole on ped crossing in  middle eastbound lane  La Jolla Village dr.
Pothole along gutter line
Near driveway

Pot hole  eastbound  and on  westside   el cajon at  number one lane.

Large potholes.

9015 Gold Coast Drive east bound  a wide and 3 foot long pothole...very jaring
Test - take no action
Very uneven pavement
9055 Gold Coast Drive... east bound...a deep pothole ...
Road needs repair
Pothole/road hazzard
Two potholes five feet apart. One enlarged by 12 inches in only 2 days. Gopher undermining. These are very unsafe. This is  main commuter bikeway OB to Mission Valley. A bike crash could put  rider onto  rip rap boulders along  S.D. River channel.I spoke to SDPD in  area hoping he could accelerate repair but he was busy at  time.This area has also been undermined by homeless making shelter below  bikeway. I got some repair done 2 years ago.  actually needs concrete pumped into many large voids in  immediate area- my engineering opinion.
POTHOLE

My previous complaint was CLOSED & nothing has been done!  Potholes particularly bad under  94 freeway on 28th St .
Pot hole
Growing pothole in crosswalk
When you are on Saturn and making a right turn on Palm Ave  Road is rough. The reason for  is  road needs to be redone because  is rough
Multiple Potholes on paradise Valley road between Potomac st and Woodman st.
Multiple pot holes on northbound fairmount... i constantly report  deteriorating road... when are you going to replace  versus patching !!
Two pot holes in center lane. Location is approximate.
Pot hole in right lane heading south in Camino Santa Fe. Location is approximate.
Big hole in center eastbound lane near  crosswalk line getting bigger everyday, getting harder to dodge  one.
There are a couple potholes in  street turning right from Aero Dr to Convoy St.
Potholes in previously slurried alley on south end are getting very large
Many Pot holes on Otay mesa rd east   125.  on  cy owned streets

RUSH REQUEST. No work was performed on my Report # 00330152 although I received an email that  was closed.  Tree roots are damaging  alley behind  property and  affects  cars which park in  alley. Addionally, as  property owner, we have already replaced  driveways due to  root problem at our own cost. Please review my original request and respond to why no work was done but he case was closed. Original request was May 3,2018.
Street repair left street undriveable. Repair has sunk about 5 inches in an area about 8 feet wide
Old trench has sunk and needs repair outside 2481 Congress Street
Large pothole near  entrance   Jade Coast Condominiums sourn parking lot.  Specifically,  pothole is on  outer edge   street at  intersection  Jade Coast Drive and Camino Ruiz (west edge   street).
due to construction, y did not properly patch  hole y had made. now re?s a pothole which causes traffic to slow down in order to avoid tire damage. repair asap.
Second request numerous potholes between heart and Stanley
CREW REPAIRED P/H IN ALLEY/ PLACED DEBRIS IN TRASH CAN. ENVIRONTMENTAL SERVICES WILL NOT PICK UP. NEED CREW TO REMOVE DEBRIS FROM TRASH CAN
A terrible paving error that's been re for years, forces some to swerve around  at a complex intersection and freeway framp
Numerous pot holes on north bound Fairmount Avenue, 100+ yards north and south   Talmadge Park Roe intersection. This is one bad road and needs a substantial surface improvement soon!
Numerous pot holes one  Aldine Dr. onramp to Fairmount Ave. north
Pot holes our street needs to be re-paved now or surrounding streets have been done lets get  done!!!!!!!
There is a large pothole in  middle lane  Camino Santa Fe on  northbound side between Corte Santa Fe and Commerce Ave
large pothole at intersection  La Jolla Drive and Villa La Jolla Drive (see red marker) h when driving thru intersection in easterly direction
Many potholes and rough road along entire onramp from La Jolla Scenic Way  onto La Jolla Parkway heading west. (see red marker on map)
The 2500 & 2600 blocks  1st avenue (92103) are in poor condion, wh potholes, failing patches and blistering pavement.  Adjacent blocks and intersecting streets have been repaved.
Big pothole in intersection, LJV heading east crosswalk, middle lane
There is a medium pothole on  road, which seem that might get bigger, at intersection  Dewsbury Ave and Eberly Ct. in Mira Mesa, CA.
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Texas street north, lane 3 transion from black top to concrete bridge, over  8 freeway. The black top road surface is much lower than  concrete bridge surface. 's like driving over a curb or like hting a pot hole. Can you decrease  slope  that transion so 's not such a jolt every time I drive over . 's been like that for at least 30 years. I'm surprised nobody has ever complained before. Thanks you.
LARGE DIP IN STREET!
Potholes in  center Lane westbound

P/H WHERE CARS WOULD PARK
Pothole in need  repair located in  middle   street in front  16862 Pinata Drive.  Please make appropriate repairs.
This is a heavily used section  Sunset Ridge.   I reported  a year ago.     is in terrible condion, potholes & broken pavement everywhere.     is at  interesection wh Spring Canyon.  They are currently slurry sealing and doing or work in  area!    But I do not see a sign that y will work on  long needed section.   GET IT DONE!   Remove contract obstacles, schedule obstacles, and budget obstacles, and repair  street immediately.   Thanks.
Pot hole as you enter I-5 South from La Jolla Village Drive traveling Westbound. Severe pothole in  southbound acceleration lane just after you emerge from  overpass. Resulted in right front tire blowout $577
Calle Dario is falling apart!
The East drive to  hotel is in need  a repair   pothole.  fills up wh run f water from  or businesses furr down  road.
Potholes
Multiple pot holes from 4000 to 4200 block  Avanti
Man hole cover several inches below grade
The area around  manhole was left unfilled.
Growing pothole, currently about 2 feet wide, going southbound and uphill on Montongo.  is next to a big bump in  road.
Street is uneven has pot holes make  difficult to walk across.Palm trees tall need maintenance. Constant  water/sewer runf where we park across  street adjacent to large apartment building,
Landis Street from 47th avenue to Euclid is full  potholes.  street has been like  for over 6 years.







Very large and deep pothole.  This intersection is also badly damaged.

Large deep pothole



Two potholes about 100 feet apart on west bound Maturin by  elementary school.
Several new potholes on Westbound Camino Del Norte between Paseo Mantanoso and Bernardo Center Dr.

Pot holes and broken asphalt along curb out in front  18115 Mirasol Dr, San Diego.  The entire Street is riddled wh pot holes due to heavy traffic usage to accesas  RB Inn, The RB swim and tennis club and  Country Club  RB.  Many heavy commercial trucks use  street.  We have been here 27 years and  street has never been resurfaced.  Please resurface  entire street ASAP  Thx!
Pothole in left lane  Pomerado, heading North, just North  Rancho Bernardino Rd.
Huge pothole.
Camino Del RIo North from Qualcom Way to 3111 Camino Del Rio N 92108 is filled wh so many bumps that  is very hazardous. I did not feel safe on a bicycle and now that I am riding a scooter,  is perilous. I know that re is new construction, so  streets are being torn up and eventually will get repaved. However,  large bumps that are temporary "repairs" are not safe. Is re any way  Cy could inspect  pavement after street work by contractors, building for private industry? The cy is covered wh se hazards- far worse than I have ever seen. The private contractors are not ensuring safe temporary pave overs, They should be held accountable. I must ride my scooter to work, I have no choice to ride  road, but before I go flying due to se bumps and get hurt. I wanted to try to alert  cy to  terrible danger. Please demand safe repairs/ repaving, 's a matter  life and death to we who must drive scooters, bikes or motorcycles Thank you,
Pothole
South bound on La Jolla Shores blvd, 30 yds N  El Paseo Grande
Large potholes on bike path.
Winding creek needs to be re-paved wh uneven surface & multiple pot holes forming.  I wnessed an elderly lady walking her dog trip on  uneven surface yesterday.  Thank you.
You can't see  in  picture, but  entire area is undermined and hollowed out. You can see a large void under  street. Only a matter  time before someone or something falls thru. Fix immediately!
Fix please


Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Big pot hole closer to  jade coast apartments on Camino ruiz. Needs to be filled in.
Pothole in  middle lane  eastbound Camino Del Rio West.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue westbound.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Ave. westbound.
On Laurel when turning onto State. Massive, sharp tire killing pothole.
Potholes
There is a sinkhole, getting deeper since last week.   is on Haniman Drive, just south  54th Street.This has been caused by Mechanical Systems, INC.  company that has destroyed our streets in  neighborhood, replacing water and sewer linesPLEASE HELP US!!!!
Couple  potholes spotted between 1229-1233 Morena Blvd in  northbound lane. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.
pothole
Pothole
There are a series  large potholes one fairly deep and a lot  overall damage on  street self
Please repair large pothole 's a safety hazard for  public asphalt is flying all over cars when driven over .
Pothole and parking space whole is extensive extends down about 2 feet down below  surface located east side  13th between J & K between  third and fourth tree from  corner  13th and K St.
To potholes in  street one close by 257 Meadowbrook Drive and anor one up to going up  hill about 50 feet from  going northbound
Deterioration  asphalt (cracks and chunks) due to heavy trucks and ground subsidence/compaction where Cy main sewer line repairs were made in street by contractor 15+ yrs ago. Last patched wh slurry/cold seal by Cy forces about 8 yrs ago.
Pothole forming in formerly trenched part   street. Dirt is coming out   pothole. A patch job would be appreciated.
We were fortunate to have our street repaved last Thursday/Friday.  The east side was done Thursday,  west Friday.  Upon completion,  east was damaged by ir equipment.A minor repair now will save a a major issue in  near future.Some attention might also be required where  new pavement meets  surface redone last year at  eastern intersection  Churruck/Algonquin.Thank you for your time and attention.
Correction (re: 00365039) - last patching  turn-around and sewer manhole portion  street (4400-4415) was in Jan. 2012 (repair order #500000086608).
Concrete paving in alley behind home is subsiding and has created a 3" drop. Can  be filled in please? Or adjacent areas are subsiding also, but not as much. These need attention also.
This has to be, by far,  worst street in  92131 zip code.  When on earth will  street be redone, every or street in Scripps has been worked on EXCEPT Mesa Madera Dr.  's a disgrace, potholes and pieces  asphalt all over  place.
pothole in middle lane eastbound approx 9651 Mira Mesa Blvd, approx where driveway behind On  Border restaurant enters Mira Mesa Blvd.
pothole around manhole cover, eastbound approx 9801 Mira Mesa Blvd, in right hand through lane.  See photo for location, but worse now than in photo
pothole around manhole cover approx 10747 Marbury Avenue at corner  Chart House Street, see photo, but much worse than shown in photo from Google
This whole section  Upas St needs to be repaired,  asphalt is broken up & re are many potholes

There are a number  potholes in  street near our house, but  largest one is directly in front  our driveway. Consequently, we h  a couple  times every day.  has been re for more than six months. Anything that can be done to migate  issue would be greatly appreciated!  Thanks!
many potholes on NB Fairmount between Aldine & I-8
A pothole is in  far right lane  Camino del Norte, traveling northwest.  is just prior to  intersection  Camino del Norte and Paseo Montanoso
Ground has been pushed in over time. Cause damage to my car and ripped  hubcap f.
NAOIMI @ 619-922-8512 CALLING ABOUT A POTHOLE THAT NEEDS TO BE FIXED. SHE MENTIONED THAT IT IS THE SAME SPOT THAT ALWAYS GET COVERED WHENEVER A DIGGING NEEDS TO BE DONE. RIGHT NOW IT IS STILL SMALL, HOWEVER NEEDS TO PATCHED BEFORE IT GOES BIGGER.  IT IS IN FRONT OF THE ADDRESS PROVIDED.
Repair  #00337962 is poor. The patch is depressed and didn't take care   entire pothole.
Anor repair to be made after shoddy work during resurfacing.
 repair is not sufficient. 's depressed which will cause premature failure and not broad enough. Stands to treason that  contractor that performed  shoddy resurfacing would also perform shoddy work repairing potholes.  They should be black listed.
 repair is insufficient.  's depressed and not broad enough
This repair is insufficient and not broad enough.  's depressed and y didn't do  one next to .
 repair is insufficient, not broad enough and already failing from shoddy work.  Never use  contractor again as you are wasting my tax dollars.  All  repairs on  street will be failing in one to two months if not sooner.
Significant pothole in 4400 block  Point Loma Avenue and Bermuda. This pothole is in  alley in between se two streets.  is not asphalt, but concrete.  is getting bigger daily wh  trash truck and numerous car traffic. Large chunks  cement have fallen out.
There is a sizable hole in  pavement that has been re for a long, long time now. Somebody from  cy came and put an A-frame caution sign up a while ago but nothing else has been done to address  extreme hazard on  sidewalk. This needs to be taken care  immediately!!!
Pothole starting in uneven ground.
Road has raised up 6 inches in  Left Westbound lane  Satelle blvd just past Cochabamba St. Please repair and pay everyone's realignment fees.
Two pot holes on  North Bound on Camino Santa Fr Road between Carroll Road and Miramar
Big pothole on clairenont dr wh a lot  crumbling asphalt flying  up in chunks
POTHOLE AS YOU HEAD TOWARD THE FREEWAY
4 potholes in far right/ merging lane
The tar from when re was a water line break has settled about 3-4 inches.  Makes getting into  garage difficult due to  3-4 inch lip.  Have had to get my car aligned twice since  has occurred.
Giant pothole, looked very deep and destructive.
There are over 100 residents that run over  pothole every day going into and out  ir home. Since  pothole is on a slope, many cars bottom out here as well. 's very frustrating as  is  only path to many complexes on Georgia and Florida St that share  alley. Alleviating  one spot  concrete will be incredibly valuable to  communy, short  re-paving  entire alley. Thank you for your consideration. Please email me if you have questions about : mattknize@gmail.com. I s on  board  one   communy associations right next to  pothole and many residents have expressed concern about  one spot.
Potholes northbound fairmount from Aldine to montazuma
Potholes
Potholes
Numerous very large potholes on northbound Fairmount before Montezuma ex. Dangerous and damaging.
Street surface disintegration across many parts   block. This is a hazard to all neighborhood children and residents.
The intersection  Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Shawline Drive has hundreds  buses travel through  every day (plus thousands  cars/trucks).  Shawline Drive and  intersection are both in need  repair/resurfacing.
There are an number  holes and very rough surface at  entrance   business right on  cover. This surface can lead to a very dangerous curve when you lose control  your vehicle!
broken up asphalt.
The street at  corner  Carmel Mountain Road and Sundevil Way (right by Mt. Carmel High School) has a pothole at  corner.   is right by  street corner(between Carmel Mountain and Tres Vistas).  This is a very traveled area when  high school, Black Mountain Middle School and all or schools in  area are in session.  Can you please repair  pothole and  whole area by  street before school starts again in August?  Thank you.
pot  hole 1 foot wide 6 inch deep   - inter torrey rd and n torrey pines rd eastbound by median west side .  Jeff  858-354-9850
Two potholes near electrical box. Please fill. Thank you.
Need a/c patch before installation  continental crosswalk
Many potholes
3 inch deep pothole on street in high densy neighborhood. Several ors whin 100 yards.
This pothole effects me everyday on my Vespa.  ss on  east side lane 1 right in  front

Going south on Fairmount Ave  far right lane going into Montezuma Rd. POTHOLE THE WHOLE STREET HAS POTHOLES
Going east on Montezuma Rd both lanes have POTHOLES THE WHOLE STREET HAS POTHOLES
pot hole in parking lot
Pothole is on north side  intersection at 1st Aveand Universy
Sinkhole! Adjacent to Scripps Park
Pothole forming around manhole at location. Makes loud noise and is getting larger as large trucks drive over.
P/HS ALL ALONG THE FAIRMOUNT AV FROM EUCLID ALL THE WAY TO MONTEZUMA
Large pothole in intersection at address.

900 & 1000 block Thomas  East Bound lane
POTHOLE W/B
POTHOLE
There's a huge one that was made recently
Workers have been fixing potholes all around our street but ours. There is plenty  potholes on our street including one by our driveway where my mom has fell twice and my grandmor has fell as well. We need se fixed as soon as possible please. I do not want anyone else to get hurt.
Two huge deep holes behind Adelaide's
Large deep pothole caused flat tire. Contact is Lavada at 559-704-9459
RYAN @ 619-253-4584 CALLED IN TO REPORT POTHOLES ALONG INGRAHAM ST ALL THE WAY TO GRAND AVE. HE MENTIONED THAT IT IS PRETTY BAD AND WOULD REALLY WANT TO HAVE SOMEONE COME OUT AND EVALUATE IT.
Several potholes in front  2957 C St. in  eastbound lane
Potholes from 2921 C St. to 29 57th St.  different sizes in  eastbound lane please repair
Pothole and eastbound lane in front  golden hill liquor 2795 B street
Potholes in eastbound lane on Aldine under fairmount
2nd report...pothole in middle   street. Placed adult shoe beside pothole for size reference
Big pothole right before  intersection  Angola and new Salem if you are heading towards Canyon breeze.This happened before  construction.  But current construction is making new Salem even worse.  The entire new Salem street needs to be repaved and smood out.
Decent size pot hole in  middle    street between 1135 and 1129.
There is a deep divet in  pavement right near  new apartment buildings. ?s just outside where cars park and in  non existent bike lane. I commute in that area several times a week and have to ride into traffic to avoid hting  hole. Please fill ! Location is approximate.
Multiple pothole at 2888 C St.
2 dips in road going east
Pothole at 2858 C St.
Two potholes at 2843 C St.
 3952 Iowa St, re is a recessed cover that is three inches below  surrounding sidewalk where pedestrians walk
Pothole at 2820 C street
Eastbd, middle lane
Large pothole
Multiple potholes on 28th St. near seven6761 28th St. rough surface please fill potholes and smooth out almost caused anor accident
POTHOLE IN ALLEY
Pothole
East bound Friars Rd (x street Gill Village) Pothole.  Behind Ross Store /Party Cy.
Mercury bet Engineer & Vickers-pothole. (incident address 4699 Mercury St but appears  whole block is in need  repair)
In front  2285 Main St (near Hollister) going east-pothole
large pothole at  intersection  Locust st and Alcott st. South . middle  Locust st Lady has already steped into  hole and sprained her ancle, Sunday July 15 2018. Also minor potholes up Locust St. south to Zola St.
Where  driveway meets  street  asphalt has washed away leaving a large hole.
Lots  potholes in alley behind address 4225 Estrella Av.
Many deep potholes at  intersection  Airway Road and Cactus Road.
Westbound National Avenue right turn lane at  intersection  S. 28th Street, re are deep potholes and uneven asphalt.
inbetween 9055 & 9065 east bound ..toward  center   street..large jarring pothole
Paving under overpass in sad shape
2 or 3 LARGE potholes on Clairemont Drive (southbound). Located after  two lanes merge.
Good sized pothole in  right turn lane on  corner Ranch Bernardo Rd and Bernardo Center Dr (ARCO is on  corner).
Pothole in Southbound lane before left turn lane
Pipe replacement was recently done on  empty lot that  fire department had a temporary station on. The heavy construction vehicles and trucks really tore up  road and opened up several potholes. Please repair.
Center  street, deteriorating fast

POT HOLES
top layer  AC is failing, approx. 2 ft diameter
I reported that re were many pot holes between Art St. and Stanley. I also asked about repairing  large hole in front  my driveway. The holes were patched, but not  one in front  my driveway. Please fix that one also. Thanks
 seems that  asphalt is lifting . i h  and bended  rim on my bike. This is  second time,  happen ,  cost me over $2,000.00 to replace frontend.
Pot hole in front  house
Huge pothole when leaving jade coast condos.
Disgraceful and Terrible pot hole on 163 N, in  middle lane, on  S curve, very dangerous, and damaging to vehicles,
Huge pothole. Dangerous.
The stretch  35th between Meade and Madison Ave is treacherous to say  least. There are 5 huge potholes and  street is badly in need  repaving. I recently had my tire become de-laminated and almost explode on  highway, due to se potholes. Please, please come out and fix  road. Ideally,  entire section would be repaved since bicycles and pedestrians will also disappear into se deep potholes. I'm happy to go take pictures  weekend and send m if you need pro before you send a crew out. Thanks!
Potholes all around  area
Many potholes north  Valley Centre on Carmel View
Pothole in  intersection
This entire stretch is one pothole/ failed patch after anor! A van swerved to avoid m and nearly h me!
My name is Anand Nair. I am a Boy Scout in troop 682 . I wanted to bring your attention to a dangerous and important issue. There are some gaps on Bernardo Center Drive that has caused a few car crashes. If you can bring  issue to  public attention and to  authories, future road accidents can be avoided.Thank you,Anand Nair
Numerous potholes on South side  Navajo near College need to be filled
Metal lid....please repair asap
Potholes South  Jackson Drive on Navajo road need to be filled
Potholes on Navajo Road South need to be filled
Pothole in left through lane  northbound India Street at  intersection wh Spruce Street. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.
P/H 10FT FROM CORNER ON CAM RUIZ/SB RIGHT HAND LANE
BIG POTHOLE IN THE CURB . BIKE HIT THE POT HOLE AND FELL GOT SCRAPED UP
p/h in st. bus always hs and makes boom
This portion  Genesee Ave between  163 freeway and Linda Vista Rd has multiple patched potholes, divots, beginning potholes, making  section  Genesee Ave dangerous to travel. Can  section be repaved? If not already on  list  streets to be repaved, can  please be added.
THE CONCRETE CROSS GUTTER HAS LARGE CRACKS AND HOLES WHERE PEDISTRAINS CROSS. THE LIFTS OF OLD ASHALT AND BROKEN CONCRETE MAKE IT VERY HARD TO CROSS WITHOUT TWISTING AN ANKLE.
Pothole
P/HS BY CONDOS
Pothole/ manhole cover in Fairmount Ave.
POTHOLE ADJACENT TO LIBRARY
Very bad pothole on Aldine Dr east bound lane under Fairmount bridge.  Since ?s so dark under  bridge you don?t see  pothole and when you do see  ?s s too late.  Does  cy  reimburse for car  realignment?
Pothole in bike Lane
Pothole
Potholes on f ramp  n163 Richmond ex
Potholes

Multiple potholes and uneven surface on right turn lane. Was fixed last year wh filler and came back after  rains.
POTHOLE (PLEASE NOTIFY PERSON AT ADDRESS TO MOVE CAR TO PATCH POTHOLE)
On Columbia just north  Date is a crack/pothole.  Fell  scooter in street on 7/6/2018.
Pothole at Yard Entry
Potholes along  edge   street where  asphalt is degrading where  meets  concrete gutter.  Multiple locations throughout Dominican Drive.  Constuent reporting a few larger potholes in front  16915 Dominican Drive.  Please make necessary repairs.  Thank you.
Giant pothole in a bad repair se. Working crew opened up  street to repair pipe and  repair has now sunk creating a huge pot hole.
In street on Mt Abraham cross st is MT Aguilar-pothole
Large potholes along Taylor st. Located just past  crosswalk on  8 on/f ramp.
#2 SB lane 3100 54th st at light
pot hole and chewed up asphalt across from  home on 1540 La Jolla Rancho Rd.
Deep pothole and lumpy pavement where Discovery Way meets La Jolla Shores Drive.  Hazard to bikers and car drivers. Also: new pedestrian blinker is misplaced and forces pedestrians into ongoing traffic descending Discovery Way. Same intersection.
Large pothole in westbound lane
The street at 4473 is causing damage to vehicles...tires, allignments etc from terrible uneven bumpy pavement...I am placing  cy on notice  responsibily to correct  problem in a timely manor or be responsible for damages to vehicles
MTS reported Pothole on 06/13/2018 Report #00348842 and  was closed.  Potholes are still re and not fixed. See attached photos taken on 07/20/2018.
Very large and deep pothole that is in  way  people turning right onto Gold Coast.
Abundant potholes along all  abating that cars crossover lanes
Eastbound #1 lane at east side  intersection
sinking pothole by man-hole cover.
Pothole in left turn lane onto Chantilly Ave.
.tiple holes in street.
Big pothole getting on 5 South from Torrey pines rd
Big pothole on  right half   on ramp after  52 and La Jolla Parkway on ramps merge
potholes, deep cracks open one inch running east and west along clairemont mesa blvd, missing pavement, uneven pavement, road needs to be resurfaced please patch  cracks, potholes, missing pavement in both directions from east and west from 6999 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111 to 9101 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92123
 road has problems that needs to be repaired in both north and south directions from 4274 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109 to 4801 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109 has missing pavement, uneven pavement, potholes, open cracks put  orad on  list to get  repaired and patch  issues on  unsafe road.
Clairemont MEsa Blvd needs repair, please patch  potholes, open cracks, missing pavement and put  on  list for repaving in both directions east and west from 10383 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92124 to  8333 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111, USA.  This road has potholes  open cracks running parrell to  orad, and missing pavement please patch asap.
Outside lane going towards MB Drive
Multiple potholes and debris on  on ramp
Pot hole opened back up
Large pothole
North south pothole from trenching on east and west bound lanes near 2675 Broadway
Pot holes in parking lot.
This entire street is not only unsightly but dangerous to drive on due to  amount  potholes and torn up asphalt. 's in desperate need  being FULLY repaved.
pot holes caused by entire street cap sliding has already been repaired before
entire pavement cap is sliding ,potholes have been repaired previously
The alley between A St. and B St. has big potholes and very bumpy attempts at filling in problem areas in  past.  is like riding through a bombed out street.
Pothole caused by poor construction job street Pat check. Contact  construction. 858.537.6490
IN WB LANE
Pothole in right lane  northwestbound Hancock St. just before Greenwood St
Potholes on  rightmost lane    I-805N on-ramp.
One   middle lanes has a pothole on  I-805S
Please do something about  condion  Scripps trail.  is incredibly uneven and causes people to constantly scrape ir bumpers and damaged suspension components on my vehicle.
There is a big hole in  alley, about 15m3m.  looks like  might have sink after some work was done.
Sink hole is going on third week and is restricting parking on both sides (no parking allowed). Please fix or update neighborhood. We suffer enough wh  trolley construction and traffic. Thank you
There is an area  28th St, from approximately Imperial Ave to C St that is riddles wh potholes.  is too difficult to point out any one pothole, but I my opinion, This area is in need  resurfacing. The worst area is around  94 interchange. Thank you.
This area  Morningside St has not received a proper resurfacing in over 17 years, which is when I bought my home.  is too difficult to point out any one pothole, but I my opinion, This area is in need  resurfacing. A few years ago, a lot   area was resurfaced, but somehow one   most needed areas   street was not completed. tached is a photo  a map detailing  area that needs attention. Thank you.
CONSUMER CALLED IN TO REPORT AND RQST THE STREETS AND ALLEYS BETWEEN GRAND AND THOMAS ( NOYES, MORRELL AND LAMONT). THERE ARE A LOT OF POTHOLES. THERE ARE CEMENTS THAT ARE 2" LOWER. SHE IS HOPING TO HAVE IT REDONE AND REPAVED.
POTHOLES AND OLD TRENCHES ARE FAILING ALL ALONG EAST BOUND SCRIPPS POWAY PARKWAY BETWEEN SCRIPPS HIGHLAND DRIVE & SCRIPPS SUMMIT DRIVE.
Pothole is in front  a tree.  is starting to develop and pieces   road are coming out.
PORTHOLES CLOSE TO THIS ADDRESS
Potholes
Potholes
A sink hole is forming in  middle   street where a previous repair had occurred.
Pothole
CON CALLED TO REPORT A BIG POTHOLE ALONG SB OF NORTH  TORREY PINES RD BEFORE   ALMAHURST ROW  ON THE RIGHT LANE.
PER SDPD THERE IS A LARGE CRACK IN THE STREET AT THE ADDRESS.
Landis Street, between Euclid Ave and 47th street, has horrible potholes.  The potholes are on both sides   street.
This whole neighborhood is filled wh potholes and dips due to  construction at  beginning   year.   Is  neighborhood due for  roads to be repaved?  My vehicle is experiencing more wear on tear than  should due to se surrounding roads.  The appears  all se roads look awful as well.
unsmooth gravel ridges and uneven surfaces very unlike  surrounding area
Intersection  Flushing Dr and Garston St.  is about 5' x 1'.
Large pothole westbound before  Hwy 8 onramp.  Thank you, David
Potholes at following address 4062 Avati Dr4068 Avati Dr4072 Avati DrThis area  asphalt is crumbling.
Giant pothole getting bigger by  day on Sports Arena near  8 E on ramp. s at least 18 inches in diameter as   report
Northbound left lane Brannia Blvd at  intersection  Airway Road, re is a deep pothole
On east bound rightmost lane
Huge pothole/uneven surface at  very busy intersection  35th Street and Ocean View Boulevard, 92113
Pothole at intersection  Cardiff St & San Vicente St.
Parker Place St. Asphalt is so irregular 's dangerous to walk and  sidewalks are not always available.  Any plans to repave?
Pothole in  intersection
Pothole at intersection
Street is a total mess-   has been for years.  Large amount  loose gravel, potholes, broken out asphalt, ....
Pothole reported at 10182 Black Mountain Road.
Chunks  pavements goes flying hting cars
POTHOLES
More failed patchwork
Uneven/ unsafe
A patch over a patch next to a patch!
On northbound side  street, lane next to sidewalk. Crack has become a hole, which enlarges each time a truck drives over . Chunks  asphalt get thrown up onto sidewalk.
Several potholes on  entire block  400 W Pennsylvania.  Below is a photo  only one  many at  intersection  W. Pennsylvania/Dove/Robinson/Curlew 92103
Pothole
Multiple pot holes under  94 freeway on 28th St. in  southbound lane between G St. and treat Street
Two large holes at  curve
Multiple potholes
Pothole on La Jolla Shores Dr southbound just before El Paseo Grande.
Pothole on right turn lane stripe is in  path  cyclists.
Pot hole on Paseo Montril adjacent to 7 Eleven
Hole in  middle   left lane

Anor valve cover missing and a hazard to traffic and especially motorists
Pothole immediately adjacent to  manhole cover on 15th just north   intersection wh Market St in  northbound traffic lane
Pothole
Potholes all over  stretch  road.
On Palm St between Boundary and Felton (and some surrounding streets) , re are numerous cracks and potholes in asphalt.  This route is a heavy-traffic feeder to McKinley Elementary school. Broken pieces  asphalt are dislodged and thrown about by car traffic.   would be nice to have maintenance repair prior to school opening.  Thanks, Tom and Claudia Basso
Multiple potholes in crosswalk on Park Blvd just south  Zoo Place.
Sunken manhole covers from  15 on Scripps Poway parkway to Scripps Creek drive going eastbound. These sunken manhole covers are damaging to all vehicles!
More than a pothole,  is a large rectangular section  street that is sliding down  hill, causing  street to break into pieces in front  7982 and 8002 Beaver Lake Drive.
Access portal has sunk in as well as surrounding area in a crosswalk.   is Sinking deeper by  day.  Everyone drives over i. The lid on  portal is loose
DRIVING & HIT A POTHOLE WHICH WAS THE LARGEST POTHOLE I HAVE EVER SEEN. DRIVING ON CAMINO SANTA FE CLOSE TO CARROLL RD. THE POTHOLES ARE IN MIDDLE LANES AS ROAD CURVES. THEY LOOK LIKE THEY'VE BEEN REPAIRED VARIOUS TIMES. INCIDENT OCCURRED 04/04/18 - REPORTED TO CITY OF SD RISK MTG  06/14/18.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes
Pothole WB Miramar
The roadway between Bird Rock Elementary and Park La Jolla Apartments has many, very deep, very dangerous potholes.  The road is heavily used by cars and cyclists and poses a danger to both.
2 potholes at  intersection  Ashford Street and Armstrong Street.
Large pot hole on  on-ramp for  805
Pothole
Ingraham St. has been a mess for far too long now since construction on  water/sewer line replacement or whatever  massive construction was  past year or two. As one   major artery roads in Pacific Beach and as one   two biggest entry ways in and out   neighborhood,  road reflects poorly on  neighborhood self. I urge  Cy to repave  street now that construction is completed!
Numerous pot holes and bad road on Fairmount Ave. north bound from  Montezuma Rd. over-crossing south 500+ yards.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHONE IN THE INTERSECTION.
Pothole
WEST BOUND WASHINGTON ST DIRECTLY HEADED TOWARDS GATE 5 OF MARINE CORPS RECRUIT DEPOT. UNDER 5 FWY OVERPASS. I STRUCK A 4 TO 5 INCH FOOT WIDE POTHOLE. ALSO, DUE TO THE SHADOWS UNDER THE OVER PASS MAKE THE POTHOLE VERY HARD TO SEE AND HARD TO AVOID. IT DAMAGED MY FRONT LEFT TIRE SIDEWALL.
PER 1932  REF TO STREETS FOR ASPAHLT BUCKLING IN ST  W/O  20200058937
Pothole
A number  2 foot by 2 foot - 6in deep potholes exist and ors are forming on  orwise smooth street - PLEASE FIX ASAP!
What a mess -  200 block (east)  ASH is a shambles - a busy gateway street,  just continues to get worse.  Several 2'x2' 5-inch-deep holes are DANGEROUS FOR CYCLISTS and annoying for motorists - PLEASE FIX ASAP!
Potholes and road tore up no barricades to go f hill and no walk way eir someone is going to get h or fly f  hill 's a accident waing to happen
Potholes in front Of my house and in front  our neighbors house our street has not been repaved since we bought  home in 1998. Pot holes getting bigger and dangerous. We have had people trip on m and debris start to become dangerous when you drive over . We have many cracks on our street.  I have more pictures but can only put one
several potholes in  back alley behind 7643 Girard Ave., La Jolla, CA (La Jolla Cove)
POTHOLE
Huge hazardous potholes
Horrible mess - 15+ significant potholes on  Northbound section  28th between 609 - 800.  Each photo shows MULTIPLE chunky potholes -  is a busy gateway street for San Diego - PLEASE REPAVE SOON.THX!
Hugh pothole....upsetting my alignment
Pothole in  left turn lane on SB Nimz Blvd
SOUTHWEST SECTION  LIFTED
25 potholes in  block
pothole
POTHOLES
POTHOLE ALONG THE NORTH AND SOUTH LANES OF FAIRMOUNT
Multiple potholes at  intersection  Harbor and Front St. Contact is Michael at 619-379-0654

LWH(1 ft x 1 ft x 3 in) hole in  ground
Pothole 's a rim Breaker
31st Street to 30th Street full  potholes
Missing grate
Pot hole North bound right lane just after turning from West bound Jackson
Pothole

Test test
On The corner  Aero dr & john h Curtis rd. When headed east on Aero dr, making a left turn into john h Curtis rd. Two potholes
4 inch deep suspension buster, cyclist killer
Camino Del Norte Road between I-15 intersection and Camino San Bernado has not been repaved in  last decade. The pot holes get filled and return whin a week.
Need serious road repairs on universy avenue from college east to 70th street, getting worse every day!!!!
There is a large pothole in  NW corner parking lot, that people keep tripping in and complaining about.  is right outside   Mira Mesa Library.  is hazardous, especially to pedestrians. Addionally,  is a very busy parking lot. Thank you.
Heading east on Jamacha rd. Large deep pothole just west   San Diego Cy/Spring Valley areas  responsibilies. Pothole is located adjacent to  left turn lane in  #2 lane just before  new County  San Diego pavement overlay.
street crumbling in front  my driveway.

Deep hole, at crosswalk, norast corner
test test test
Very large potholes west bound towards base. Large  hole very dangerous for bike riders and could cause damage to vehicles.
test test test
POTHOLE, W/B
A LOT OF POTHOLES BETWEEN 16TH ST AND GAYWOOD ST. ALONG CORONADO AVE.
Street is in bad condion
8 inch rise in  asphalt exing business driveway. You can't safely ex. Must be fixes
Winnett Stree 92114 between Federal and Tooley st. Multiple holes.
SINKHOLE ON VALLADARES 2FT BY 2 FT & 3 FT DEEP PER CUSTCAUSING HAZ TO VEH CUST PUT A BARRICADE OVER IT
Dislodged metal ring around utily plate.  Called to report on Saturday - someone came but couldn't fix.  Now completely f resulting in pothole. Location 3981 Catamarca Drive 92124.
Dangerous erosion  asphalt in front  Clay school
5952 Scripps St 92122
Second time in a number  years I almost left an axel in  road after hting a dch where  gutter hs  street. Leaving shopping center driveway, turning right on Via Mallorca.
Horrible pothole got a flat tire from 
This section  street has a LOT  potholes.
Huge hole in  center   Avati near modena by  strip mall
Potholes on both sides  trolley tracks. If can't fix  tracks mselves, please fix  potholes. Worst is on  sourn side   tracks in  right turn lane from Imperial onto 65th.
Sink hole in front  house along  curb, from new pipe installation.  Getting bigger





POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Union street between Redwood and Palm. Street recently received new sewer and water lines. Temporary patches are bad. Street was never swept by crews. Have had several flat tires on our block screws and nails left in street. Rocks gravel a huge problem.
Dangerous driving due to multiple pot holes between 163 & Genesee.
There is a hole in  street at Jason Street and Hermes Lane. I don't know if 's a pothole or not, but  is at least 2 or 3 inches deep. This hole was re before Jason Street and Hermes Lane were repaved, but  wasn't filled in or covered. The photo shows my foot next to  hole. The length  my shoe is 10 inches.
I meant to report  multiple pot holes are on Genesee between  163 & Linda Vista Rd.
Entire west end  Promesa Drive is in terrible condion.  Potholes, large areas are down to gravel.  Dangerous for pedestrians and damaging to cars.  Numerous on line reports wh photo have been made and ignored.
MULTIPLE POTHOLES MULTIPLE POOR REPAIRS TO PREVIOUS POTHOLES MULTIPLE ROUGH SURFACES CAUSING DAMAGE TO TIRES AND VEHICLES FROM THE INTERSECTION MENTIONED TO BEGINNING OF 52
The asphalt at  north east corner   intersection  Miramar Rd. and Kearny Villa Rd in  west bound lane  Miramar Rd. has severe buckling in  particularly between traffic lanes. This is extremely dangerous for motorcycles and could easily cause an accident.
TEST TEST TEST
Pothole
horrible potholes, bad repair job, popped my tire
Dangerous Crossing for bicycles across old train tracks to big gaps easy to fall
Big holes trying to cross track on bicycle very dangerous
SEVERAL POTHOLE, PEOPLE TRIPPING
WHOLE STREET ON HILL IS LIFTED WITH POTHOLES
Uneven/ unsafe,  caused an accident already
A patch on a patch next to a patch. My next call is to  media.
The alleyway between 1150--1120 Silverado St and Wall Street in  village  La Jolla is in desperate need  an asphalt removal and replacement project.   has to be one   worst paved roads in  area.  Trucks are  main culpr as many businesses on Herschel Ave get ir deliveries from  alleyway.
The alley between 32nd street and Bancrt street has numerous pot holes and has deteriorated significantly in 2 areas. The cement portion is ok, however,  road portion is crumbling apart and pot holes everywhere.  is now damaging my car and is a safety issue because you could hurt your ankle falling in any one  a dozen large holes.
Asking that you please repair all  potholes and craters going east on Montezuma Rd
Please repair  many potholes and craters on both directions  Fairmount Ave. Big pothole on  far right lane going south on Fairmount into Montezuma rd
Potholes and btoken asphalt
 ALLEY behind  property is full  potholes and cracks.  needs a complete RE-PAVE because temporary filling potholes only creates more  an issue when y break up after a few months. PLEASE SEE pictures below where our management company caught an individual FALLING DUE TO CRACKS IN THE ALLEY! This issue can no longer be neglected as people are getting harmed and our residents are at risk! We can supply a full clip   video if necessary.
Eastern side  Harbor Drive bike path in horrible shape please fix
Potholes
Numerous potholes on east bound clairemont Mesa to 805
Street surface is gone at gutter in front  driveway and dirt is showing.
Large pot holes entire 1200 block Cleveland Avenue - Richmond to Vermont / twisted ankle
Needs fixing
Gas co was here months ago and tore up  street. Now  is getting progressively worse
5600 block  Chelsea Avenue is a mess, wh innumerable cracks, craters and hazardous gaps between  eastern sidewalk and  paved road.   needs to be repaved.
Going north on College. Please do something about  poor patch done on  left lane at  signal. 's uneven and 's sinking. I've been reporting  for months thank you
Look at picture
See picture
More in front  6393 Potomac st

Large pothole in middle  street.  This is  second request, as  last one got closed whout any action.
Large pothole in middle  street, knocked my ignion harness loose list all power while driving because  impact to vehicle
Work was done at  intersection  Park Blvd & Meade Avenue.   Now re is a hazardous hole that knocks out  front-end alignment  your car.   Very bad.
Wh  road work that has been done over  last year or so on Waring Rd and Mission Gorge Road, a lot  traffic has transferred to our street, Barclay Ave, which turns into Birchwood, in Allied Gardens, resulting in more and more potholes.  Some filling has been done on a temporary basis by  cy, which has been far from ideal as  just breaks again in no time.  Thank you in advance
Road is warped and created a small whoop section, also multiple pot holes until  on ramp to 94 East.
The cul-de-sac starting at 16756 ending at 16755 Meandro Court is ?crumbling? on  perimeter   street. There are numerous uneven surfaces and loose chunks as well as a developing pothole!
Potholes
All along 67 th street near Ralphs. Pot holes and severely broken streets.   Cars fall in holes and wheelchairs can?t cross
Went to an open house re and  pothole was so deep I bent  rim on my right front wheel
Absolutely awful potholes at least 30  m trying to get down to a property that?s listed for sale
Deep pothole 18-20" in diameter
Large Bump in lanes 1 & 2 east bound
There is a pothole in  middle   intersection  West Bernardo dr and George Cooke expressway.  is in  direction toward Rancho Bernardo road in left lane for through traffic. You cannot avoid driving over  pothole since you will move into eir  right lane or  left-turn lane for  oppose side  traffic
Northbound Brannia Blvd at  intersection  Airway Road in  #1 lane, re is a deep pothole.
New pothole 18" diameter, Center  Loring
RESURFACE THE ENTIRE STREET VIA DEL CAMPO!!!
There are large metal grates installed onto  roadway and y are absolutely killing our suspensions. I just had to get a wheel alignment after having to go over se things  for a week. They are raised way too high and we have to come to a complete stop before going over m and  is a 45 MPH zone. Please remove m and repave Balboa Ave up to Clairmont Dr. The street is a disaster area
Potholes throughout luber street.

Manhole cover dislodged
Manhole cover dislodged, under 15 bridge, east Mira Mesa Blvd.
Large area needs resurfacing and pothole fills.
On  sidewalk between two  our resident buildings re's a serious crack in  sidewalk which has now gotten worse. We have residents who use both canes and walkers and wh  crack  has now became a safety hazard for our residents. The metal plates that  cy have placed over  area are concrete have now separated from what 's supposed to be covering in which one  our residents canes can get caught in.

Pot hole at Mesa College Drive and Linda Vista Road (west bound land  Mesa College Drive right at stop light at Linda Vista Road).
Small deep pothole in  left lane that is hard to see until you h . Very jarring and damaging.
Fordham and midway - hole in street next to steel plates. Appears to be asphalt that has settled. Very severe to vehicles
Street in front  4530, 4522, and 4534 59th Street are filled wh unrepaired holes and separations in  street. Water doesn't flow when  rains resulting in furr damage. Crew came out once and didn't repair much   road damage.
Sinkhole developing on Dorothy drive
Wide pothole
Pothole on Sorrento Valley Road southbound in  left lane.
Water leak was repaired and temporary patch was done to  street. I was told by  repair crew that y do a patch to  street and  cy comes back to do a proper job after things settle.  has settled and  needs to be repaved/repaired to be level wh  rest   street.
Very large pothole or sinkhole in  left turn lane while going northbound on mission gorge. This sinkhole has opened before and previously filled. 's about one foot deep and  asphalt is starting to crack before  will collapse.
SAP Notification Number. 040300030620






crack and potholes, need repair for safety


There is a pothole approximately 3" deep and approximately 36" wide in front   drain and just before  concrete Bus Pad.   is hard to see but vehicles/buses that h  spot experience  jolt.
Pothole is approximately 3" deep and 36" wide.  We have had several complaints from bus passengers and bus operators about  spot.

heaved pavement potholes in bike Lane.
heaved up pavement in bike lane.
Entire pavement on 28th street under Hwy 94 overpass is in very bad condion. Please inspect. Thankyou
Potholes on both sides  trolley tracks. If can't fix  tracks mselves, please fix  potholes. Worst is on  sourn side   tracks in  right turn lane from Imperial onto 65th.
Potholes on both sides  trolley tracks. If can't fix  tracks mselves, please fix  potholes. Worst is on  sourn side   tracks in  right turn lane from Imperial onto 65th.
Recently repaired paving degrading
The  neiighborhood has been paved except for  main street, Cardinal Drive.   has potholes, cracks and weeds growing up  through  pavement.
Pothole in front  4516 Van Dyke Ave. 92116
2x3' pot hole I   east lane...
Multiple potholes and disentegrating pavement in ALLEY. attempting to fill a pothole halfway will not solve  issue. A person was seen tripping and falling because  uneven pavement, a work order was submted, and a random pothole was halfway filled, n  work order was closed. This is unacceptable.  entire alley way needs to be repaved before anyone else is hurt.
Classic pothole
Some one took a pick ax to  street broken up asphalt unable to drive on .  Pd states hazard.
Damaged asphalt repair

re is a 3 piece un, monument marker missing , on Potomac Road.  We have replaced  numerous times.  This time  whole marker is missing, leaving  hole exposed.  Thank you.
Pothole
Pothole
TEST TEST TEST
Alley f  universy between   4000 blocks  49th and Estrella is almost impassable. Needs to be addressed for safety
Pothole in front  18184 Verano Drive near  center   street. Please make  needed repairs.
Chamoune, 3000 block (I think I remember that I t deadends re). HUGE pothole, covers 1/2  street, people driving around . Thnx!
Multiple potholes in bike lane, light to light,  is just  middle.
Multiple potholes in bike lane, light to light,  is just  middle.
Cowles Mountain Boulevard between Jackson Drive and Cowles Mountain Court is in a terrible state  disrepair. There are too many potholes to count in both directions all  way. Cowles Mountain Boulevard is a major connector between Jackson Drive and Navajo Drive wh 6 busy roads branching f   and hundreds  cars driving on  every single day.  is getting worse by  day.
There are tons  deep potholes on  street between Felspar and Emerald Street.  This street/alley gives access to several houses and businesses.  There is water that collects in se potholes most mornings.  Not sure were  water is coming from. The potholes are so bad and since we drive over m every day y are causing damage to people?s vehicles.
pothole
Potholes intersection Dawes and Chalcedony getting pretty deep.
Big pothole. Contact is Shell at 619-262-9369
Just want to thank you all for repaving Ollie Street.  I ride my bike re pretty ten and 's such a blessing to have a nice smooth ride now.  Great job!!
The alley running parallel to and located between Clairemont Mesa BLVD and Kesling St has multiple potholes and deep cracks in  concrete that are damaging cars and hurting pedestrians.  This is not a single pothole issue,  is  entire length   alley that is desperate need  re-paving
PER MARY @ 619-479-2709 POTHOLE IS ABOUT 4-5" DEEP AND 12-15" WIDE. IN FRONT OF THE ADDRESS.
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes on  entire block from Rosecrans to San Antonio
Horrible pothole. Been re for months. Looks like  was filled but now back.s going to ruin many cars.. on ramp to I805 northbound on  Universy road on ramp.
The alley behind my residence has concrete topping for  roadway. Directly behind  residence a large Pothole (3'-0" x 4'-0") in size is becoming worse as  weeks go by. Immediately needs attention to repair  issue before  becomes larger in size and worse in condion for vehicles not able to pass through  alley.
Pothole in alley behind and next to 2825 e st. Please repair
Southbound on Nimz Bl.Left turn lane, 2 car length from intersection, a big pothole at where right wheels run over needs to be patched up please. Crossing W. Point Loma Bl.
Pothole on eastbound Via de La Valle right by  signal ahead sign in advance   intersection  El Camino Real.
On westbound Via de La Valle, two to three potholes are forming as  left turn lanes open up for southbound Jimmy Durante Blvd.
From where  F alley and E meet to about half way down F re are HUGE pot holes. There are so many that on a portion  F re is no longer any pavement, just holes filled wh gravel. Also where F and E meet re is what looks like a sink hole forming which is currently about  size  a car.
Broken concrete 1-2" deep
Pot hole that causes my car to bottom out
Pothole north bound.

When will y resurface  stretch  road as 's full  potholes and uneven pavement!
The Gur no longer has any asphalt in certain areas and dirt is coming up.
The Gutter no longer has any asphalt in certain areas and dirt is coming up.
This isn't technically a 'pothole,' but 's typical  how  street is falling apart!
Pothole on north side  Maturin
Street all destroyed, rocks every where.
Lots rock from broken street.
Lots  potholes on Altadena Av between El Cajon and Orange Av. Contact is Ronny at 619-795-1983
Cover missing , in traffic lane could be a major hazard
Both sides   street on Camino Del Norte (westbound and eastbound) between Bernardo Center Drive and Camino San Bernardo have significant potholes and road damage that causes bumpy driving/ car damage --  area is where  cy boundary ends and  county boundary begins, heading into 4S Ranch from  15 freeway.  The County road portion is maintained, but  cy road portion is badly damaged.
West bound between Napa and Sea World dr
East bound in  construction area
As you can see from  attached pictures  street I live on is in major disrepair. From  intersection  Arthur and Mansfield all  way down to Adams Ave has serious potholes. Twice in  last week I have had auto damage from  potholes in front  my house.
Street filled wh many large cracks making  dangerous for bike riders
Pot hole at 2945 Front St 92103
Two large potholes need to fixed ASAP
Tired  all  cars that didn?t work
Asphalt breaking apart due to in all likelihood caused by a tree root. There's uplift on  asphalt probably also caused by  same root.
Pothole in right lane  westbound Del Mar Heights Rd, just barely past  intersection wh Mango Rd.
This is on fifth between Grape and Fir all  way down by  curb. They are so deep and need repair before  rainy season. Also no drains for water around  area.
Quarter-mile stretch  Otay Mesa Rd westbound
Same area - large boulder near right--way
Poor road condion - about 1/4  a mile
Report # 00368796 is considered closed.  is not closed and at  time   original report, which was weeks ago, nothing has changed.  is a sink hole that has not been repaired for over a month.  is in  middle  a busy street, taking up parking spaces (handwrten no parking signs). There aren't any sidewalks and people are walking in between  cars while or cars are swerving around  cones and or trash left re. Hi pedestrian traffic. Please reopen  original ticket so  sink hole will have accurate days to fix data.
Left turn lane wb home ave  at fairmont.  Your map doesnt work well...i dont know  exact address.
Potholes at very top  EB on ramp to Hwy 94. Not sure if 's Caltrans or Cy because y are where  on ramp meets Kelton.
PER SDPD THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE SOUTHBOUND LANE ON 54TH ST PRIOR TO THE INTERSECTION.
This road is horrible, very uneven, bumpy and damages wheels, tires and suspension  vehicles.  Please evaluate  whole road starting from  15 free way all  way down to 54th street.   Both lanes going east and west bound need to be addressed.  The road around 4090 el cajon blvd going west bound before  freeway entrance is very very bad.  Please do something about  horrible condion.
There is large pot hole in  middle   intersection where Friars Rd and Sea World drive meet, you can't miss .
Pothole on Nautilus Street in  North Eastbound land (uphill lane) oppose 6615 Via Estrada
There are too many cracks and potholes on  entire street.  I want to see our tax and registration money put to good use.
POTHOLE, PER UNIT 689
Pothole on  westbound lane
Pot holes on Taylor between on/f ramp to 8 and by bridge going to Taylor from 8 West f ramp
The first attempt  pothole repair failed after 4 days. Pothole repair  is in need  repair to  repair 5 men 2 trucks 2 hours  need to try again best  luck
  intersection  Biol. Grade and LJ Shores Blvd, new pothole alongside previous patch in SB LJ Shores Blvd.
There are at least 5 "potholes" that appear to be rapidly sinking from 1810 Crespo Dr all  way past 1710 Crespo Dr crossroads wh Castellana Rd.
Pothole near  stop sign and throughout Birch Creek Road.

Pot holes, road cracked - all falling apart over and over on Rios road east  Pomerado Rd all  way east to summer field road. Repave just as  cy  Poway has done to ir portion  Rios Rd! This is a high traffic cut throu street along wh Alondra Drive and both need be fixed properly and repaved to support  road usage. There is loose gravel all over both roadways
New Pothole on corner west bound on balboa and Cannington st
in  westbound lane. thank you
POTHOLE FILED WITH SOME TYPE OF BLACK LIQUID GOT ALL OVER CONSUMERS VEHICLE, 11-11 TO SEE WHAT IT IS!
Large pothole on Navajo in right turn lane - turning onto Park Ridge Drive
Newly filled pothole has sunken in right before  corner  30th on Upas St.  Actually all  potholes that were recently filled on 30th street from Landis to Upas Street are all sunken in.  Someone didn't use enough asphalt to fill a hole.  I'm noticing  issue every.  There's a moto you should have your contractors follow.  Do  job right  first time!
About 6 potholes is succession
Pothole
Report was closed  but  work was not done! There are areas wh crumbly and cement and uneven services as well as developing potholes. This is a 55+ communy and present a danger to  residence. Here are some addional photos.
Pothole around A St and 6th ave
Pothole forming around A st and 10th Avenue
Pothole that needs to be fixed
Pothole in innermost lane (lane nearest median)  westbound Miramar Rd.
Large street hole  was previously reported and NEVER fixed
Large pot hole: 2nd Notice
3000 Village Pine Dr.-2850 Village Pine Dr.  back street has potholes all along  back street. This street has no maintenance at all. There is no street sweeping. Cars disregard  25mph signs speed lim re needs to be speed bumps and some stop or yield signs for pedestrians and children crossing  street. The street is not marked at all and re is no sign that  is a 2 way street, wh se issues an accident can happen to a driver that is driving, a pedestrian or child that is walking.
Wide and long pothole on Harney St. near  cross street  San Diego Ave.
Pavement has sunk,  is a big hazard.
Line formerly cut through sidewalk on West Point Loma creates noise and vibrations when vehicles drive over .
Pothole right in front  school







Potholes in both directions in  4200 block  Kearny Mesa Rd.
 is now a .25 mile long string  potholes on  N side  West Bernardo Dr, between G Cooke Expressway to Via Del Campo, heading SW, curb lane. re is a poorly filled-in service trench going SW on  N side   street.  trench was dug in  past two years n filled in.  repair is completely unacceptable and is now just a long string  potholes. you should demand that  company that dug and covered over  trench come back and redo ir repair.

BIG POTHOLE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE INTERSECTION, CARS ARE RUNNING THROUGH IT. CONS MENTIONED THAT THERE WAS A CONTRACTORS WORKING ON IT BEFORE AND LOOKS LIKE THEY COMPLETE THE JOB BUT LEFT THE HOLE.
Big pot hole near middle  cross walk. I fell into  and cut myself up badly
There is a trench at  corner  Cardiff and San Vicente st
8300 block  San Vicente st. Has many cracks uneven pavement and holes. Bumpy ride driving on that part  street
Severe cracking throughout  cul-de-sac needing asphalt repairs.  Please make  needed road repairs.
VERY LARGE POTHOLE
POTHOLES BETWEEN MISSION GORGE & NAVAJO
POTHOLE, CALLER TRIPPED SAYS CYCLIST CAN GET INJURED (DONT LINK TO OTHER CASE)
Deep pot hole on via Capri between 52 and Hidden Valley road East bound at or about 7833 residence. The pothole is disrupting traffic and damaging vehicles.
Pothole needs to be fixedThank you!

POTHOLES
Northbound Brannia Blvd at  intersection  Airway Road, re is a pothole in  #1 lane. This is my second time reporting  pothole. The first time you closed  order whout filling in  hole.
Potholes and cracks at intersection
POTHOLE IFO HIGH SCHOOL
Super deep pothole that's pretty dangerous, especially at  on ramp.
Two big dip on Camino Del Norte west bound lanes: 1) near  I-5 freeway ex and over pass bridge (middle lane).  2) about half way between I-5 to Bernardo Center Dr (left and middle lanes).  The street lim is up to 50 miles, and cars bounds up like a roller coaster when h  dips.  They cause a lot  damage to cars, and danger for or cars since people try to drive around m.
Can  cy better maintain  bike path that goes over  I 8 on ramp because  pavement is really worn out, extremely hard bumps,  plants are overgrown and taking over  bike path and 's scary riding through here at night because res no light and 's pch black and god knows what could be in front  me.
Pothole
POTHOLE
POTHOLE

3 inch deep pothole. Please full all  m.

Pot hole needs to be filled
Pothole at  90 degree turn. Cyclist fell f and damaged his bike. Contact is Alan at 619-587-2386
Manhole is set to deep casing heavy trucks to shake house when y drive over 
STREET UNBEARABLE. ASPHALT RAISED AND P/HS ALONG HOLLISTER
Over 6 potholes on north  fairmount Ave
Pothole in road caused his motorcycle tire to get caught and lose control on 6/27/2018.
There are multiple potholes and cracks along Topaz Lake Avenue between Cowles Mountain Road and Lake Badin Avenue. I have to drive around m y have gotten so bad. Please please fix!
There is a pothole in  sourn side   intersection  Beyer Way and Del Sol Boulevard.
in northbound lane
Sinkhole
Rough asphalt.
Large pot hole Camino Ruiz 92126 in front  Hab Burger in right lane
Three large pot holes in front  location. Appx 3'x1'
We have submted SEVERAL reports regarding  tank underground, sinkhole, pothole, manhole cocer and manhole entry that cover goes atop, as well as  road that preceeds . The metal is exposed AGAIN!! This has been going on for several years, and damaged  front end on a truck we no longer have anymore, and is a serious suation that needs taken care ! The residents on  street h  thing EVERY DAY!!! And  vibrates our house! As you can see  markings have been re to fix  for over 2 years, and now  new housing development up  hill and ir trucks are tearing  up even worse! s beginning to sink again! The contractor fixed  spot at  corner  Fontain & Princess view where that was sinking, and  cy has yet to do good and fix our street! This has been going on for over 7 years!!!!!!! This is outrageous!!! I am doing a screen shot   and sending  to NBC, and The Mayor!
 Scripps st and Govenor Dr cross walk where everyone turns right
The road approaching  post fice is ltered wh pot holes and overgrown bushes which makes two way traffic difficult.
Pothole
Sinkhole in alleyway !!
Potholes at end  street, culsac
POT HOLES
POTHOLES BETWEEN  8679 8685
Potholes in bicycle lane on westbound Friars just east  River Run Dr.
2nd report. Large pothole at entrance to alley.
Needs asphalt,  asap standing water
3404 and 3606 potholes  north side   street.

i travel on hollister ave in san diego ca 92154 at least 10x a day or at least but Hollister has by far  worst potholes i have ever run into..The traffic from Southwest High School and Nestor Elementary and  Oro Vista Condos don't help  suation ...but i truly feel that  street needs prompt attention
Saturn Blvd that runs in front   Home Depot and Southland Plaza has numerous potholes that need to be attended too..
see attachment for more info.
Intersection  Carmel Mountain Rd and Entreken Way, re has been a multiple potholes since three years. Please fix . There are or paces which doesn't have any issue got fix. Please take care   intersection.  is very rough on cars.Thanks
Dangerous pothole on  onramp to La Jolla Parkway disrupting traffic and causing damage to vehicles.
Large pothole on Golfcrest between Ruane and Monte Verde
Bad pothole - big chunks  asphalt on street

Pothole immediately adjacent to  manhole cover on 15th just north   intersection wh Market St in  northbound traffic lane.
TEST
The drive way going into sushi is soooo bad.  is impossible to go in and out wh out causing damage to your car. Please fix!!
TEST, TEST.  DO NOT DISPATCH!
Pole light on market street
Test test test
My ticket was closed and I am upset, as  caused me injuries on my bike. I have wnesses too. Please reopen  ticket and have  job done https://getdone.force.com/TSWViewReportDetail?Id=500t000000Aae65AAB
TEST TEST TEST


This portion  La Jolla Scenic South is seriously deteriorating and is an accident waing to happen.
Via Capri, from Senn Way east to La Jolla Scenic South is in very bad shape.
re is a pothole that connects  street to  curb on  drive way.  we have a disable person living here and 's really hard for us to push her up  driveway wh  pothole/uneven surfaces.   wheelchair always get stuck and if someone is not strong enough to carry  entire wheelchair up  wheelchair is pretty much stuck
re is a pothole that connects  street to  curb on  drive way. we have a disable person living here and 's really hard for us to push her up  driveway wh  pothole/uneven surfaces.  wheelchair always get stuck and if someone is not strong enough to carry  entire wheelchair up  wheelchair is pretty much stuck.   is  right address,  previous one is not.
New pot again ! Our street needs to be REPAVED Now!!! When surrounding streets have been done why not ours? We want to keep our neighborhood nice .
Pothole going south on Health Center Dr
Pothole
pothole-tire damage 6/29/18
Large pothole, bottom  steep hill.  There are several ors on 63rd St.  Street needs resurfacing.....  Heavily traveled street!!!!!!!  Have to dodge potholes on narrow road creating a dangerous suation.
Pothole
Pot hole x 2
Pothole
Eastbound lane on broadway 900 to 1000 block .
West Mountain View between N Mountain View and Adams Ave. is entirely full  potholes.  Some  m are 1-3 inches deep
On Friars Rd westbound between Morena Blvd and I-5 and beyond are about 15 potholes which need filling smoothly making safer driving. Thanks.
Pavement is in terrible condion under  bridge. Patching isnt working because s rippled. Please fix  asphalt in both directions under  bridge.  Between G St and Treat St
Pomerado Road north just before passeo monte batalia very deep pot hole in fast lane.
2-3 potholes on Verano Drive at 18243 Verano Drive.  Several or potholes on Verano Drive whin two blocks   address.  Several potholes need to be filled on  street.
Potholes are located in both directions on Carmel Mountain Road
Very uneven surface at intersection
 corner where everyone going to school turns
Or picture  a pothole that was filled and will get worse in time.
Terrible Street condion several holes asphalt falling apart
Hollister Street is full  potholes and cracks down  street because  all  digging that has gone on  last few years filling in one or two potholes will not solve  issue   whole street having to be dug up and repaved. I have seen or adjoining streets fixed but Hollister Has been ignored.
Pothole
Tremendous lowering  asphalt and spilled wet concrete after concrete portion makes for dangerous drop f leading to damaged tires, etc and entire intersection southbound Qualcomm Way in  approximate location.  Please add new asphalt and smooth out entire intersection all  way to I-8 where re has been for years wet concrete dumping by overfilled concrete trucks. Thanks.
Urgent crumbling asphalt at south end  concrete bridge f ramp but before Sea World Drive in  approximate location is opening an ever widening hole right after concrete bridge and needs immediate repair/filling in. This is my 3rd request. Please work  asphalt hole repair wh Cal Trans if  is ir responsibily.  seems from past responses neir  Cy or Cal Trans has taken responsibily-someone please repair  ever dangerous suation. Thanks
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE HAZARDOUS POTHOLES ON ROSECRANS ST. CUSTOMER HAS A BLOWN TIRE DUE TO THE POTHOLE.
Bad pothole- damaged road
Pothole needs to be filled. Also or holes in street on Golfcrest from Tuxedo to Mission Gorge
Multiple potholes at  location
There are 2 bumps and pot holes that formed on  middle    road infont if my house and a third that is starting to form. One has been re for at least a month, may longer. Someone even put cones around . The second one formes about a week ago. The third has just started. I'm not sure what is causing  but  sure looks like a gas leak or something  that nature.  Please see  attached photos.
There are 2 bumps and pot holes that formed on  middle    road infont if my house and a third that is starting to form. One has been re for at least a month, may longer. Someone even put cones around . The second one formes about a week ago. The third has just started. I'm not sure what is causing  but  sure looks like a gas leak or something  that nature.  Please see  attached photos.
Nothing has been done about  potholes, and crumbling pavement on Camino Del Rio North from Ward Rd to Texas Street (going WEST)   These pot holes etc. were  result   storm in Jan 2017 (YES 2017) and Jan 2018!    I hope people start sending in ir invoices from getting front end alignments .. or better still.  Domino Pizza has a program that y will FILL in  pot holes  streets for ir patrons, and  will be great publicy   incompetency  San Diego Government!
Potholes and cracks in alley between 32nd and Iowa.
Because   construction at One Paseo shopping center, El Camino Real and Del Mar Heights roads have been abused.  Recently y began resurfacing both, but for El Camino Real,  resurfacing stopped at Townsgate Drive when in fact,  pot holes and overall terrible condions  El Camino Real extend much furr south than just Townsgate and go all  way down to High Bluff.  This construction has been going on for 18 months and re is much more to complete.  's nice  resurfacing going on, however, as soon as you pass Townsgate going south,  street is in such poor condion is like an obstacle course trying to dodge all  holes and breaks.  Since y are up re doing  work, I hope y will extend  El Camino Real repairs to go south to High Bluff Drive.

There was a water main break over  weekend and  patch job to  pavement is horrendous! Can someone remedy  problem as  is only one  two main arteries out  Imperial Beach going eastbound on Palm Ave?
Trench cap uplifting at right  way
Pothole near driveway 6" deep
Pothole here. Please fill in, thank you.
Potholes all over  parking lot. I have seen damage caused.
Very deep Pothole in front   store.
Test, test, do not process
No.West Corner  ash and 9th ave
Pothole
The manhole cover on east bound, right hand lane  Mira Mesa Blvd (towards Scripps Ranch Blvd) has dropped several inches below  road and is causing a road hazard when vehicles run over  manhole cover.  GPS coordinates: 32.91694, -117.1154
water meter by  side  our home has disintegrated and I have tripped re many times. I am a 71yr old combat veteran who would greatly appreciate some one coming out and repairing  dangerous suation. Thank you in advance for any assistance you may lend.
Potholes
Potholes
There is a pot hole in need  repairs at  entry to Leisureland Mobile Villa, a mobile home park.  Chollas Parkway is in need  resurfacing and we would appreciate being put on  list to get  done as well.
Pothole at 8215 Calle Minas, San Diego, CA 92126
Please assess  metal plates. One appears to be sunken in and may be shifting. Looks bad when cy bus runs over .
There is a pot hole  size  San Diego on my street. This should probably be fixed, I feel like ?s a public safety hazard.
Pot hole
pothole in  middle   street
Difficult to avoid. Located near  corner  Pendleton and Loring Streets, Pacific Beach.

Encanto village construction project is tearing up  pavement in front  my house,y put  safeguards down to late ant to  ex entrance to re project, heavy equipment dragged large amounts  soil onto  pavement and did not broom  up, t turned to powder and caused a great deal  dust, y did finally get a street sweeper which threw  soil along my driveway, we cleaned  up over  weekend and now here  is Monday y broomed  soil back up against our driveway,  creates a lot  dust, and when  gets wet,  gets tracked up  driveway. We cannot continue to clean up re mess and my tenants are threatening to move if 's not made safe and kept clean.
This street is terrible. Please begin  repair project. Pothole patching isn't enough.







Several potholes along Kearny Mesa Rd. This street is in TERRIBLE condion. Some potholes are deep
Several potholes along Kearny Mesa Rd. This street is in TERRIBLE condion. Some potholes are deep
Large pothole, 4 ft. x 2 ft. in Golfcrest Dr. near house at 7587.
9165 Gold Coast Drive west bound lane a pothole toward  middle  road...thanks!
In  alley between 3rd & 4th Avenues and between  4060 & 4094 4th Ave. buildings. This pothole is pretty deep and dangerous to vehicles and  pedestrian traffic in  alley. Please repair ASAP. Thank you!!
There is an area  Washington at 8th that has been patched but is extremely rough and as trucks ex 163S or W bound traffic on Washington h ,  noise is ten so loud  sounds like a terrible accident.  I live on  SW corner   apt building and  ten wakes me up wh my windows closed.   would be nice if  could be repaired.  Thank you.
Carmel Mountain Road between Penasquos Drive and  Stater Bros shopping center, east and west directions has multiple pot holes.
Potholes road needs repaved cul desac!!! Multiple kids injuries do to loose unstable gravel.
Many potholes on Linares St.
Concrete around manhole cover is torn up and is presenting a serious and dangerous suation for residents and vehicles.  Trash truck just made  worse!!!
"POTHOLE IN ALLEY BEHIND ADDRESS NEAR INTERSECTIN OF 7725 EXCHANGE"
Pot holes between 35th St. and Ocean Boulevard. Very rough road. Not well done previously.
Two potholes next (20 ft) to each or
Pothole on ex ramp from 94 to Euclid
Big long pothole traveling north bound on Cam Ruiz just before Miralani Dr and anor pothole in left lane under street light. When swerving to avoid  pothole you h a large road bump. Contact is Steve at 858-682-8648
In  intersection  Rolando Blvd. southbound on  south side  El Cajon Blvd. re is some terrible patch work that was done.  needs to be smood out because 's like f-roading when you drive over .  takes up  whole width   lane so you can't drive around .
There is a terrible patch job that needs to be smood out in  intersection southbound Rolando Blvd. from Universy Ave. 's like f-roading when you drive over  and you can't drive around  whout going into  northbound lane. 's been re for several years now and has never been fixed.
P
The alley behind my house is horrrible. 's like f roading just to drive . The cy replaced portions on eir side  our property while ours is falling apart. I have requested for years? And years? that  be fixed. Now 's worse than ever and needs attention.  PLEASE!
Pothole
Few potholes in  rd dangerous for car suspention and danger for  communy
9989 Scripps Lake Drive pothole west bound lane (going down hill)....toward  center  road...thanks
Bike Lane pavement buckled. Southbound lane, about 11300 Sorrento Valley Road. Coordinates 32 54? 29.088? N 117 13? 42.27? W   Forces biker into traffic lane.
Pothole and street is torn up.  needs to be repaved. This is  3rd request.
There are 3 potholes whin 20 feet on 5500 block  Santa Margara street.  They keep getting bigger as cars drive over m. Please help fill m up to reduce damage to vehicle tires as y cross over m.

Several potholes along  road need fix asap not good for car suspension homeowners complaining all  time please fix 
Please repair  pothole on Ronson Court outside  parking lot entrance in front  4891 Ronson Court.
Pothole and cracking in front  17425 Montero Rd.  The street heavily used by parents dropping f students for  school at  end  Montero Rd.  Constuents are reporting addional asphalt repairs for cracks and potholes along Montero Rd.  as you approach  school.  Please make  needed repairs.
Large pothole in road
Boulder Lake from Highwood to Navajo is a safety hazard due to  street condion and excessive pot holes.  Repairs have  been requested for 2 years by  communy.  We were told  would be fixed in July,  wasn't.  I. Sure  is at  point legal action can be taken against  cy if an accident or injury occurs on that road.
 entire length  Carnton Way from Graciosa to Devereux needs to be resurfaced.  The asphalt is gone in many places down to  gravel underlay.   is dangerous for bicycles and motorcycles.  We have had two people trip and fall in  street recently.
water meter box is missing cover .Open hole on sidewalk walkway.
There is a large amount  raised and broken concrete in  alley across from 3725 Villa Terrace.  is a dangerous hazard and  raised concrete and broken concrete needs to be removed.
There are various large potholes in  alley behind 3725 Villa Terrace that need to be filled.
Pothole at corner  Pomerado court and Pomerado road in Rancho Bernardo. Traffic is so fast f  road and turning into a gigantic hole is dangerous.
Two big pot holes
Large potholes all along Highwood drive between Bisby Lake and Regner.
We have been contacting  cy  San Diego for more than 10 years to pave our street.  Recently,  surrounding area was slurried but our street was deemed unable to be slurred since  was in disrepair.  I would like to know if and when  is schedule to be repaired?
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
There are 9 potholes in  westbound lane  Siempre Viva Road between Brannia Blvd and Cactus Road. Please fill m all. Why do I say that? Because you rarely fix m all.
Many and I mean many potholes on  southbound lane  Cactus Road between Airway Road and Siempre Viva Road. Please fill all  m. Why do I say ? Because you never fix all   potholes on  stretch  road.
Going south on Ruffin Rd a couple  potholes next to Jack In The Box Corporate building
p/hs going on 6th heading toward  163 N
Struck pothole going N.W. on Nimz
Street in horrible & deplorable condion. Needs attention as soon as possible
The entire street  madrone all  way up  hill to 65th is terrible re must be about 20 potholes no walk way no lights and no guard rails to just fly f  cliff 's  worst st iv ever seen in my life lawsu waing to happen
Pot holes
There's about 3-5 potholes in  street. I pass by  street everyday to work at Skyline Hills library and I try to avoid  potholes, but sometimes I run through m and worried about my wheels popping or or people's vehicles. Please fix and cover m. Thank you.
Huge craters have been here for months. They need to be filled better. They get filled and open back up in a matter  days. This is a very very busy road onto 163 and people are going fast. VERY DANGEROUS! I have lost one tire already.

The sewer lateral trench continues to settle and create a large pothole. Originally a small sinkhole began to develop after contractor crews replaced  sewer main and cy crews did come out a do a repair but  backfill from  lateral trench that goes down 15+ feet continues to go down causing cars and trucks to rattle as y pass over . As  problem increases  lateral may be impacted.
Street  corner pointsettia and Alcott st   Pothold is starting wh  manhole cover. Before  gets to big I would get on  .  The manhole cover is about to fall into  street. Please check  out.  I can get a picture   tomorrow.
Northbound Genesee, just after UC high main entry
 least 3 large potholes in his area.  This roadway has been badly damaged in both directions  for more than 15 years.
Large pothole and a 10" X 10" section   interaction badly damaged.
concrete is old a broke out, created a pothole in  street.
3-4 potholes
STARTING FROM  CORONADO AVE TO HOLLISTER AVE IS HEAVILY DAMAGED WITH POTHOLES FROM CORONADO GAS STATION TO ORO VISTA CONDOS I CANT TELL HOW MANY TIMES A DAY I TRAVEL THAT ROAD AND BOUNCE AROUND AND TRY TO DRIVE AROUND THE POTHOLES TO NO AVAIL..
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes by train tracks exing Pacific Highway Eastbound and getting on W Washington Northbound.  Large dches, train track spikes sticking out very dangerous.

Pot hole in front  mail box tried to patch  but no luck
Pothole concrete
Repatching needed
Pothole
Most  Golfcrest from Navajo to Mission Gorge is in need  repair. The large pothole was repaired but since re is so much traffic due to  hiking on Cowles Mtn  seems  entire street is falling apart
Multiple potholes in fast lane,  is  west,lots  debris flying!
Filling needs repatching
Fairly large pothole in  middle   lane  on ramp to northbound five from Mission Bay Drive
PER P.D., ASPHALT DAMAGED AFTER ACCIDENT! 11-11
Recent construction on W Mission Bay Dr westbound wh underground pipelines has left 4-5 lateral/perpendicular asphalt filled trenches which are very uneven wh  existing asphalt grade and act lerally as dangerous speed bumps.   current speed most cars travel in  stretch are causing extreme tire and under carriage damage and needs immediate grinding/smoothing down.  is only safe for me to travel at 20 mph to reduce vehicle damage which may cause rear end collisions. Eir smooth  asphalt or place reduced speed signs to make for safer travel.   2ND REQUEST.
Old asphalt  pot hole on Sunset Cliffs Bl north bound right at intersection  W. Pt Loma Bl near  curb at Chris's Liquor store needs more asphalt. Entire width at stop light needs all smoor asphalt so crews don't have to come back as ten to  very busy street. Thanks !!!
On La Jolla parkway eastbound Couple  deep potholes in left lane right before road spls to 52
Pothole right in middle  street
On Bernardo Center Drive heading North between Adorno Pl and Regalo Lane in  outer left hand turn lane, re is a pothole that is continuing to degrade and get worse.
Hole
Left hand lane on Ingraham St south on bridge before intersection  Dana Landing Road...went over two bumps and caused van to bottom out and have oil pan ripped open on 7/6/2018.
Whole street needs to be replaced.
Fast lane is full  pothole, getting worse daily!
Your contractor for putting  new pipes here in  areas has left some caps for water access, sewer access proud   level   street at  intersection  Lucille dr. and Lorraine dr. here in talmadge. I tripped over  and cracked a rib. Now I have to rehab for 3 months. This should be fixed immediately so no one else trips and falls in  crosswalk area.
Inside lane  northbound Rosecrans
GIANT POTHOLE IN THE DANA LANDING PUBLIC LAUNCH RAMP.  HUGE PUBLIC LIABILITY IF SOMEONE FALLS INTO IT. IT IS AT THE TOP OF THE RAMP WHERE THE ASPHALT MEETS THE CONCRETE RAMP.  REQUIRES IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.
Rectangular shaped pothole obstructing  safety   crosswalk on Gresham Street. 's pretty severe, I actually fractured my ankle when accidentally slipping into  on August  13th. Photo is  my roommates foot in  pothole a few days after  accident.
Deep pothole.  This one will take down a motorcycle.
Just north   intersection, near center  road, new pothole in previously patched area.
near center  road, new pothole in previously patched section.
Several potholes on Camino Del Rio South at Taylor St bridge overpass over I-8. The entire roadway near  on and f ramps really needs repaving. Reported  before and ltle was done.
Pothole at crosswalk is a trip hazard
On August 8, 2018 at 8:45 am, I was driving west on Calle de Oro and h a pot hole.  To avoid  pot hole, I would have had to veer into oncoming traffic.  About 2 days later  was filled wh asphalt.  But  damaged my front right tire.   had to be replaced and  left tire had to be replaced to match .  The damage was $600.00
Extremely bad pot holes all along  section  alleyway. Dangerous to drive and walk along
Southbound I-805 in  #3 lane just past  Mira Mesa ex.
Construction potholes all along  entrance to SANTA Fe Street. They need to be refilled.
Bad potholes at 8th and C- inside trolley tracks.
Pothole road bad condion
Pothole bad condion
Potholes on  corner  Winnett and Sprinfield.  One in front  1705 Winnett St and  2nd on Springfield.
Primarily, one linear "trench" 3' x 3'x3'running in traffic direction. Perfect for a bike tire to drop in and prevent L or R maneuvering. Area biked a lot. Also 2 small potholes about 100' North in same area.1641 Quivira Rd.
Huge dip at fairmount in  8 east f ramp. Extremely unsafe!!
123
Round and fairly deep pothole in street in front  6730. South bound lane.
Pothole in  middle   rd not good for car suspension dangerous
Pothole in  intersection  65th St & Akins Ave.
Pothole forming on  asphalt surface surrounding  concrete road surface just past  driveway for Costco on EB Ollo Ave.
Badly damaged asphalt in  intersection in all directions.  There are potholes and deep drop fs as deep as 10 inches.  Massive flooding that occurs in  intersection has caused major damage.   This is a high speed, high traffic intersection.  Major improvements and new lane markings  are needed.   30th request in 5 years in  location.
s suck down in  street right after working in   project
Pothole road bad condion
Pothole roads terrible condion
There is a pothole right as you are turning onto Frazee road.
This pothole is getting bigger by  week. Please patch  up ASAP. Thank you.
There are potholes in  middle lane going up Genesee Ave towards UCSD.
Concrete driveway on Summ Place is in needed repair. large pieces  concrete have broken away and creating potholes in  street.  damaged concrete street is creating a hazard for pedestrians and vehicular use. (location  repair needed-Intersection  Summ Place and Avalon Drive, San Diego)
Long piece  road wh potholes.
2700 block  L St needs road repair.
Multiple potholes in  alleyway. The alley from longford all  way to  end near Smart'n'Final is full  potholes.  Please see photos below where area needs attention.
Multiple pot holes in  area


The street is terrible and needs to be fixed. has potholes and  suspension  cars can be heard as y pass through  street.
The entire Cy Owned Street is covered in terrible potholes,  This damages everyone's cars.  Also re is a fire lane and no parking on  road for absolutely no reason.  The people living in  apartments need to park on  street.
pothole along  st
Lots  potholes on Olson drive
Olson drive is in very poor shape. Lots  potholes and bumps
There are a couple  potholes that needs to be filled up towards  end   block  Elm Ave and 18th Street. By  way when is my street going to resurface. The cy did a great job resurfacing  two streets oppose  my street. Why was my street missed (skipped). The no parking signs were on my block at  same time  or two streets were resurfaces
Pothole in  northbound #3 lane at 3535 Camino Del Rio West. Cy streets investigated and  falls under caltrans i-8 eastbound # 3 lane.
Not a pothole- se will not let me select or category types.  is a Hazard. Large telephone pole (parking barrier_ laying in roadway on Bacon Street Robb Field entryway. This has happened before but pole was not anchored securely.  needs permanent streel post anchoring.
Asphalt is degraded along  gutter on both sides  Fonticello Way.  The area in front  17687 Fonticello Way has cracking in  middle   street and asphalt turning in to long gravel filled potholes where  asphalt street meets  concrete gutter.  Repairs are needed in multiple locations.  Reporting resident expressed safety concerns in  senior communy because  degrading street along  gutters is creating a trip and fall hazard for people stepping in to  street.
Large raised ridge across road
Was going south on Genesse Avenue, merging onto 52 West. As I was looking in  rear view mirror, to make sure  was save to merge, I h what felt like a large pothole.  blew my left front tire. This is a dangerous suation and I hope that  Cy will be able to take care   ASAP. I do not have an image to subm. I am guessing that  is towards  end   merging lane, as  traffic was qu heavy and I had to wa merging close towards  end   merging lane.
2 LARGE POTHOLES E/B LA JOLLA PY BEFORE THE 5 FREEWAY
In Issue No. 00387721/SAP Notification No. 040300058513, I reported potholes at  location and  closed report said cy crews fixed  problem. Granted in that report, I did not have photographic evidence to document said potholes. Well today, I was able to get photographic evidence   potholes. If Cy crews could come out and patch se,  would be much appreciated. Located as  left turn lane opens up for southbound Jimmy Durante Blvd on westbound Via De La Valle.
First  all, I am not sure  address (above) is correct .  The red map marker is correct though.  Whin  center divider  Euclid , at  westbound ex f  94 is a huge pothole.   night a driver can not even see  center divider much less  huge hole!  I attempted (9:30 PM) to turn left onto Euclid from  framp  94.  I ended up wh one tire tire ripped open as I crossed  divider.  If that pothole had not been re I probably would have just gone up and over and been just fine, but wh  pothole "catching" my tire, I instantly had a flat, had to call for roadside assistance and n had to acquire a new tire.  Please fill in  pothole as soon as possible.  Some reflective paint on  curb edging   center medium would be helpful also.

The road needs to be paved. Potholes all over  road.
Center lane  8th Avenue as  crosses  trolly tracks on C street desperately needs to be repaired.
Huge pothole caused by MTS buses
In  slow lane going South on Carmel Valley Road just past Winecreek Road is a manhole cover.   is sinking about a foot and if you are driving  speed lim, you will bottom out your car EVERY time.  There are a LOT  manhole covers that are sticking up.  Just have your people drive in  slow lane in BOTH directions  Carmel Valley Road North and South to Black Mountain Road and back.  You will find at least 8-10 that need to be fixed.  But THIS one and anor one on  Northbound slow lane somewhere between Black Mountain and Winecreek are BAD and cars are going to get damaged!  PLEASE check m out and FIX THEM!  We just moved here to  area and  SUCKS driving wh se dangers.  My wife just had her entire right side  her car taken out by one 3 days ago!  She reported  and took pics too.  That is probably going to be $5000-10000 worth  damage!
There is a large amount  raised and broken concrete in  alley behind 3725 Pershing Ave.  is a dangerous hazard and  raised concrete and broken concrete needs to be removed.
The photos below detail a very dangerous suation on a frequently traveled route for westbound cyclists on Via De La Valle.  When approaching  freeway underpass cyclists are "funneled" into a narrow channel to avoid  curb on one side and traffic  or.  In  middle is an extended crack that is impossible to avoid.  We almost had a rider crash last weekend when  front wheel became stuck in  crack.  We appreciate all  cy has done in  past and hope that you will consider fixing .  Thanks!   Perry
Several potholes along WB Grand Ave
There are cracks all over  street. This particular pothole is getting bigger as cars drive over . Possibly repave  whole street  5500-5600 blocks  Santa Margara st. Very old and we have to report potholes every couple months.
Abandoned trailer has created numerous holes in  asphalt.
Pothole
Pothole in street. Please repair.
A half block  street cavation and capation
Street cavation, capation and potholes.
Street cavation, capation and potholes.
Street cavation, capation and potholes. Location: Elder Ave from Harwood St to Thermal Ave.

Street cavation, capation and potholes in various areas.  Especially prevalent at  I-5 intersection. Location: Coronado Ave from Saturn Ave to I-5.
Road has to be redone hasent be redone for over 20 years lots  potholes
Road has to be redone lots  potgoles hasent been redone for over 30 years please fix
Pothole on  middle lane
Street has to be redone please no sidewalk no rain ni storm drains needs lots  work please
Cavation/Capation and potholes on  street.
Cavation/Capation and potholes on  street.
claim number - 00394813  I received a message that  issue was closed. I hope that  is not  way y do ir work.  definely doesn't look done to me.
Street in need  repair potholes
Cavation/Capation along  street in various areas.
Very bad pothole in  #4 (slow) lane
Streets investigated  is a water trench .There are multiple potholes and uneven surfaces on Copley Drive beginning at  intersection  Copley Drive and Hickman Field Drive all  way to  western end  Copley Drive, where  road ends at a cul-de-sac.

Pothole
This whole street between 9270 Samantha ct
Otay Mesa Road, between Sanyo and Enrico Fermi Dr. is in terrible condion, more so in  west bound direction. Vehicles ten drive in  middle or shoulder   road to try to avoid  really bad sections. Please troubleshoot and repair. Please use a better repair method than paving asphalt as re is a lot  heavy truck traffic that will tear up any temporary repair quickly. I filed a report wh  county # DPW2018-TRNGEN-SREQ-04286, I received a call from someone at phone # (858) 285-6020 and y said that section  road is  Cy's and that  Cy says that section  road is  counties. What isn't fair is that  tax payers, like myself, suffer in your debate over who's road  is to maintain and repair.  isn't fair. This road is becoming increasingly less safe to drive and vehicles could start to have increased damage to suspension and tires.
uneven and failing asphalt/cement around sewer manhole, sdg&e cover, at&t cover, water meter. ground covering all around se covers has deteriorated, crews have been out but nothing has been done.
Test, test.  Please do NOT process or dispatch!!!
Test, test.  Do not process or dispatch!!
Test, test.  Do not process or dispatch.
Manhole covers stick up and make a sound whenever a car or bike drives over m, dangerous to pedestrians
Test, test.  Do not process or dispatch.
Rectangular pot hole in  merging lane  Genesee and 52 west.  popped my tire on Saturday
Giant road disfigurements near parking and red curb on  right side
Pothole in  westbound #1 lane at 7892 Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Pothole in  westbound #2 lane at 7538 Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
LOTS OF POTHOLES IN THE ALLEY, CUSTOMERS ARE COMPLAINING
There are three potholes spanning  two eastbound lanes.  The location is on Paradise Valley Road, between  cross streets  Potomac and Woodman.

Test
I've spoken to  contractor in our area which is replacing underground sewer lines and a few or ems and explained to m  temporary patching  our areas streets are unacceptable.  Neighbors and I have suffered from flat tires hting some really bad potholes and bad patch work.  These areas consist  our entire neighborhood.  I would understand temporary patching wh some various dips and transions but  is a vey poor job y are doing.  I've went all  way to speaking wh  Cy ficial Neda whom is in charge  PK Mechanical contractor and have not yet seen any improvement after being told that  repairs would start two weeks ago.  We have some disabled persons in our area that have to ride ir wheelchair along streets and curbs to make  around some  se bad repair areas.  Also  contractor has done some work on our water meter and caused leaks which resulted in us receiving high water bills.   I've called numerous times and need some results.
Pothole near concrete drain about 6 inches deep. Reported pothole in asphalt but still not fixed.
Large potholes in lane heading east near center divider
Porthole on NB Fairmount at  Montezuma ex
Huge pothole in  intersection  Calle Del Cielo and Avenida De La Playa.  The pothole is always full  water so re might be a pipe leaking in  street.
Pothole near driveway ramp needs to be filled.
DeAnza boat ramp parking lot has numberous  potholes and also need resurfacing to repair all  gravel areas.
Several potholes corner  Anrol and Eltssee
POTHOLES AT POTTERY BARN
Huge pothole
Pothole
The House next to us is draining ir pond into  alley, refore making ruts in  alley as everyone drives on .  have been draining for  past 3 days
Thank you for repairing  pothole. What do I do to  red cones ?
Lots  big potholes. Big chunks  asphalt in  road on Paradise Valley between Woodman and Potomac. Contact is Wayne at 619-727-1617
Pothole in  middle   street reported one a few weeks ago and got fixed i reported  one and didn't get fix at all but my report is close already whout getting done
Reported  pothole last week.   was marked as "closed."  The pothole is still re.  Why waste our time wh a webse like  when you are not going to do your job?
Multiple potholes & rough pavement on  corner  Balboa ave (east bound) & mercury St.
Very poor road condion, especially on east-bound side   road. Road cracking and uneven patch work.
Large pothole in  right lane   805 South, at  Mira Mesa ex.  EXTREMELY dangerous to motorcycles and potentially damaging to cars at highway speeds.
There is a developing 8 inch deep pothole that might be a developing sink hole.   is in  southbound lane in front   Salvation Army and Police Headquarters.
Holes everywhere
Several potholes on Park Ridge Blvd just south  Navajo Rd. Both sides  Park Ridge really need repaving as  roadway is beat up by all  traffic accessing Patrick Henry school.
Various potholes in  very short stretch  32nd street.
Potholes filled and street resurfacing needed ASAP
P/H ON BOTH SIDES OF THE ST. REALLY BAD PER REPORTER
Large pothole damaged constuent's tire.
Multiple potholes. Unsafe while crossing intersection wh dip in road.
Huge pothole heading northwest on Pomerado Road just passed Passero Monte Batalia/Highland Valley Road intersection.
Entire alleyway needs repaving!!!! This is just a sample!!!!
Failed utily trench and manhole construction in major arterial roadway has caused vehicle damage.  Claim for damages and demand for immediate repairs to roadway to prevent continued damages to vehicles.  Utilies and/or road construction not installed pursuant to design specifications.  Demand return  original contractors to repair and reimburse for damage claims.
Several potholes on Camino Del Rio South at Taylor St bridge overpass over I-8. The entire roadway near  on and f ramps really needs repaving. Reported  before and ltle was done.
This two 1/2 block road extends south from Clairemont Mesa Blvd onto Promesa Court. The road is covered wh potholes and I've nearly crashed on my bicycle trying to avoid m all!
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
CALL MARTY 619 501-5818 TO SHOW YOU WHERE ASPHALT DAMAG,E SOMEONE FELL IFO BAYSIDE CONDO
The streets are absolutely horrible over here. 's like  street is one big old pothole.
More pictures  pot holes that needs to be repaired.
 seems like  whole street needs to be graded down and Asphalted
chucks  concrete coming apart in  street (trip hazard major)
Digging project at  intersection  Tech Way and Kearny Villa Dr. These were NOT properly filled and haved sunked in. They are not even wh  street. Please fix or have whatever contractor did  repair. Waste  tax payers money
Looking for a more permanent solution to  pothole.  blew my tire out ?s been filled twice before ? Thank you
The intersection  Hector Ave. and Bartel St. has a number  potholes and chunks  asphalt debris strewn through  intersection.
















I submted report, you close stated can fine address,  is a address.  Here direction take 42nd St. to thorn turn right, 40 ft. turn left down alley take alley all  way down, various pothole along that street.  se hole are hard on tire and vehicle.



Boqua Drive f  Del Mar Heights Road in San Diego needs to be re-surfaced.   has many pot holes (approximately 50) and  street is uneven and has bumps.  There are lots  elderly and children in  neighborhood and y trip and fall on  pot holes and unevenness   street.  The pot holes causes problems while driving and is hard on cars.  Please re-surface  street.  Thank you.
Pothole called in by Nero  619-519-5533
E/B POTHOLE, CALLER STATING HE'S PUT IN MULTIPLE REQUESTS
E/B  POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION PER CALLER MULTIPLE REQUESTS
Roads are torn up.  I was riding my bike and had a bad fall because  .  Damaged bike, broken thumb and multiple cuts and abrasions.  Someone's going to get seriously hurt.  There's no cones, safety signs, etc to detour potential damage.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole

Potholes, chopped up street no proper striping.
Strip  asphalt several inches wide that traverses  entire street is crumbling causing pothole.
Vivaracho Way 92124 has potholes and cracks all down  entire street. This picture doesn't show  depth   crack or potholes very well. As soon as you turn onto  street you see potholes and cracks driving down  entire street. The news even did a story on  street as  worse street in San Diego yet  still hasn't been repaired. My daughter has fallen f her bike because her tire got caught in  crack. She h her head on  asphalt and suffered deep scraps. I've also rolled my ankle jogging on  street crossing  to get home. Please help put  street on  priory list.
Pothole in far right lane just before Mira Mesa ex
Pot holes up and down magraw street.
Dch dug across newly paved roadway... patch is like a speed bump... who would allow a dch to be dug on a road that was paved for  first time in 10 years ?  Proves to me  Cy is  most poorly managed Public Works Dept in  Country.
very deep cracks in pavement. entire street has very old cracks and gaps.
large sump in  far left lane which could lead to loss  vehicle control.  This is 2/10 ths  a mile north  Paseo Montanoso on Camino del Norte.
Wide, deep cracks and holes in pavement in front  our home. Very unattractive and DANGEROUS for bikes, walking etc.  Please repair ASAP!

Multiple potholes and road in bad condion
There are numerous potholes east and westbound on La Jolla Shores Parkway, west   5 and down  hill to N Torrey Pines
Pothole on northbound Morena Blvd at  address listed in  report.
Large pothole on East bound 8 ex for Mission Center Rd.
Pothole on southbound Morena Blvd just past  south crosswalk   intersection wh Buenos Ave.
Pothole on southbound Morena Blvd right next to  beginning   left turn lane going in  oppose direction.
Potholes forming again in  middle lane on northbound Pacific Highway, underneath  southbound Pacific Highway onramp for southbound I-5.
Potholes rod in bad condion
Potholes forming again in  left 2 lanes  northbound Pacific Highway underneath  northbound I-5/Pacific Highway framp.
Pothole in  left lane  northbound Pacific Highway.
Pothole located in  far right lane  northbound Pacific Highway.
Pothole in  right lane  Pacific Highway (not  frontage road).
The entire underpass between G street and Treat street is full  potholes
Linear pothole on northbound Pacific Highway in  ex only lane for Barnett Ave.
Multiple potholes.
Couple  linear potholes in  right lane  northbound Pacific Highway.
There are two potholes, one  which is deep and wide next to each or on Sunset Lane, San Ysidro, CA 92173. They are almost at  entrance   gated communy  yellow buildings. I h  potholes everyday entering my condo un.  is a big problem and  might damage my car. Please fix  as soon as possible. Thank you.
The entire parking lot at 700 San Diego Place on  bayside, as well as human crosswalks are completely rotted and riddled wh bad blacktop. There are potholes in cracks and rough surfaces where bike riders pedestrians and skaters all fall on a regular basis. Why can  lot not be repaired or get a new slurry top. This past June someone whin  cy came out and painted new whe lines over cracked asphalt.
Street needs to be repaired between Boundary and Bancrt on Upas.  is really bad!
Huge pothole you have turn wide to avoid

Deep pothole going west on LJ parkway, in right lane. Past La Jolla scenic drive.
test test test
Pothole on  corner on Saturn and Donax
Heading North on Pomerado Road, South  Passero Monte Batalia/Highland Valley Road intersection (in  fast lane).  There appears to be a cap  some sort which is 4-5" lower than  surface   road.  There also is one furr South.  This is a corrected location  my previous report #398199 on 8/23/18.
There is a pothole in  road, about 2 feet wide and fairly deep.
Multiple Potholes at entry/ex  street
Pothole in front  my driveway. Previously repaired once.
805 south bound right after  56 ramp. My tire is damaged and need replacement. Very dangerous.
Pothole wh chunks  asphalt on street
Per water department sunken trench by curb. Marked out in whe paint.
Road depression wh manhole cover. Significant sunken section  road around manhole cover.
PER CONS, POTHOLE NEEDS TO BE FIXED TO AVOID POSSIBLE ACCIDENT IN THE AREA. CLOSE TO THE EXIT TO FREEWAY.
Cracked asphalt. Several potholes up past Garnet to abt Damon st
We have reported  potholes several times at Paradise Valley Rd & Meadowbrook.  This location is a major transfer point for three bus routes.  Please have m filled/fixed. We would greatly appreciate . Thank you.
Large crack in front  17729 Cumana Terrance that needs to be patched.  Resident is concerned that  is a trip hazard for neighbors and children playing in  culdesac.  Please make needed repairs.
Pothole on street
From: Barry Miller <bkmiller013@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, August 27, 2018 9:20 AMTo: TSW Street Service <Street_Service@sandiego.gov>Subject: Re: Get  Done Report 00396901 - CLOSEDGood morning?Thank you for your reply, unfortunately  was  wrong address?The repair work was done where  crack were not nearly as severe?my address is 17687 not 17647?So please do not cancel  request?Thank you?Barry Millercracks between  asphalt and curb run 2 to 3 inches wide and 2 to 3 inches deep. They also run from one side   street to  or side..This is a senior communy and and re is a significant risk  injury...please address  issue as soon as possible...Thank you...Barry Miller
Second Submission   issue. 00360162 was submted 49 days ago and i have not received a response. Recently repaved Street is coming apart. Pavement is sinking and utily condu under pavement is visible.  Every trash day,  heavy trucks furr damage  crumbing pavement. Tar like residue on tires is being tracked into driveways.
Pothole on Imperial Ave. on  west bound side   street.
On south bound side
Center  street
North bound




POTHOLE ALL ALONG THE ST
Potholes
Elm and 2nd intersection. Very bad pothole. Been poorly repaired multiple times.
SEVERAL POTHOLES
Dangerous pothole on Northbound Morena Blvd. close to  entrance to  Rose Canyon Operation Yard. I almost lost control  my car when I h  pothole &  did significant damage to my right front wheel & tire. (Over $1k to replace rim & tire.) Please fix immediately.
Workers just dug up a large section   street and n filled in wh asphalt. They opened  up for traffic before  had time to cure so when a garbage truck did a three point turn on  a gouge was created. This is also right after a bus stop and is likely going to receive more damage if  is not fixed properly.
POTHOLE N/B ON MORENA FROM NORTH OFF OF BALBOA
More than a month that patrols is been re
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes on bridge.
Deep pothole, 4100 Ingulf st eastbound lane between Morena Blvd and Chicago
Pothole located south on Montezuma, near bicycle lane
Large potholes on  north side  driveway
Pot holes where two streets come toger
Please repair a BIG pothole on  right lane going west. There are several potholes on Montezuma Rd but a big one
Ramp from Friars Rd west into Mission Village north. Potholes
Correction to request: Please repair a BIG pothole on  right lane going EAST. There are several potholes on Montezuma Rd but a big one
They fixed  broken water main at  intersection a long time ago but didn't fix  street
Pothole
Two asphalt potholes. Located between 5161 Chollas Pkwy and Chollas Place.
The whole block has potholes that need to be patched. Contact is Andrew at 619-602-5086
Pothole
Pothole and deep grooves near  need filling before a bike or scooter get flipped by .
There is a large pothole in front   driveway  7750 Convoy Court that needs to be filled ASAP.
POTHOLES & CRACKS
Dip goes  all  way across all lanes
A pot hole has opened just south   manhole cover in  middle   street.
HIT A POTHOLE IN ROAD WHILE TRAVELING WEST BOUND IN LANE #2 OF 9200 MIRAMAR RD. TIRE BLEW OUT AND SHREDDED. HAD TO TOW TRUCK HOME AND REPLACE TIRE. SHOP REPLACED 2 TIRES.
NB OF CAMINO RUIZ NEAR CAPRICORN WAY. MADE A SCRATCHING SOUND ON HER TIRES WHEN SHE PASSED THROUGH THE POTHOLE. ABOUT 3 FT DEEP.
Request that Willie James Jones Avenue from 1100 to 1200 block, San Diego, CA 92113 be re-surface. All surrounding streets (Solola, Reynolds, Palin, Gloria Avenue 49th Street) were completed in May 2018. How was Willie James Jones Avenue missed?
Potholes at north side  intersection  Rhonda Ave and Harcourt Dr 92120 and east furr down Rhonda Ave. Along south side  Rhonda Ave trees are uplifting  pavement and causing more potholes.
Potholes going eastbound on  road
The corner  4390 Swift Avenue & Meade has a really bad pothole that has existed for years. When turning right from Meade Ave Avenue onto Swift (to  property on  corner at 4390 Swift Avenue), re is a large indentation to  street pavement, causing vehicle damage. Almost all streets in  neighborhood have been repaved. Can you please advise when  south block  Swift & Meade will be repaved?
Please repair all  potholes on Fairmount Ave going north starting from Montezuma up to  8 Freeway
Concrete section is breaking down.
1/8-1/4 mile past Lanning Rd and S Harbor near NTC Point Loma Medical Center in  middle lane -pothole.   H on 7/20/2018.
Whin weeks  our street finally being resurfaced  cy repaired a water line issue by digging up  street. The final patch sunk and has left a pothole. 's shameful that  is left in such a state.
Pothole in left turn lane  Murray Ridge, when turning left onto Chantilly.
Sinkhole in left turn area  Elysse when turning left onto Anrol Ave
Large pot holes in road.Thank you!
Large pothole in front  17405 Montero Road.  The resident stated that re are multiple potholes along  street towards  elementary school at  dead end.  Please make  needed repairs.
Alleyway is filled wh potholes
Gutter is worn away and dirt from below street level washing away in front  driveway.  Reported several times and receive email saying  is completed but nothing has been done.
Both East bound and West bound sides  Del Mar Heights Road between  intersection  Carmel Country Road and Lansdale Drive are in really bad shape.  Numerous potholes and total deterioration  asphalt.  Repaving is required!  I have bent several wheel rims in  area on my way to and from work.
Pothole in Southbound #2 lane (looks like  is a sunken monument cover) Sorrento Valley Rd
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes and cracking throughout  culdesac.  Multiple locations in need  repair between 17920 Sintonte Dr. and 17872 Sintonte Dr.
Pothole
Pothole
Southbound Cactus Road at  intersection  Calle de Linea, re are 4 potholes.
The pavement issues are most notable on Linda Vista in both directions between Stalmer St. and Mesa College Drive followed by south bound direction between Mesa College passing  first right turn passed what I believe is part  a school.
The driveway exing Canyonside park must be fixed! My car, a 2005 Toyota Avalon bottoms out every single time,  and I'm forced to drive no more than 1-5mph teying to be cautious  that severe dip. This also hinders  progress   light because only 2 or 3 vehicles can proceed before  light turns yellow. (Since everyone is trying not to bottom out ir car!)
Large crack up to 5 inches wide and 3 inches deep on Cumana Terrace in front  17729. See images.
POTHOLE BY THE ENTRANCE LA JOLLA BEACH AND TENNIS CLUB
Our street is in San Diego but our mailing address is Del Mar.   end  our ltle cul de sac  asphalt is crumbling, and a small hole has developed .This suation is at least 1 year old and  grows. We have lived on  street since 1973 and only remember that  has been slurred once. No resurfacing has ever been done. Just a ltle tar drizzled on cracks. Come on. Take a look. We are a forgotten street. let's be proud  how our neighborhood looks and resurface before an accident happens wh our pedestrians and youngsters on bikes.
Giant pothole heading north on Aldine drive ramp onto Fairmount Ave
Several large and deep potholes heading south on Fairmount Ave. between  8 freeway and Aldine Dr
NB LANE IN RIGHT LANE IFO MARSTON JR HIGH
Broken concrete slab protruding up on eastbound Vantage Way
2 big potholes and a couple  linear potholes in  cul-de-sac  Bahama Cove.  appeared at some point in  past, underground utily was done as re appears to what used be trench work done. Not sure if  utily or contractor was responsible for putting  street back into good condion, but if so  qualy was very bad.
Pothole forming in front   patch job on southbound Mango Dr.
Pothole on southbound Mango Drive add  GPS listed address in  report.
Located on southbound Mango Drive, very near  GPS address listed in  report.




Multiple potholes on  onramp from Monroe/Aldine to Fairmount north.
Koe street has several pot holes that need repair
Edge  road surface has significant potholes where cars turn right (northbound) onto Barclay from westbound Eldridge.
Many potholes in whole block
POTHOLE ON 15TH ST (SIDE)
s NOT A POTHOLE ... 's a Manhole covering 2-3" above ground.   just blew my tire and rim today!
Pothole
Pothole approximately 10" x 12" x 5" deep.
Pothole in need  repair at  start  Niego Lane.  This is adjacent to  intersection  Roca Drive and Niego Lane.  The pothole is partly filled wh gravel from  deteriorating asphalt on Niego Lane.  Please make  needed repair.
Potholes and severe cracking along  gutter on both sides  Niego Lane at  corner   cul-de-sac.  Chunks are coming out   asphalt along  north side   street.  Please see images below and make  needed repairs.
Severe cracking turning to gravel and pothole throughout  cul-de-sac and in particular around an old patch asphalt repair.  Street is in need  an overlay, but in  meantime needs significant asphalt repairs  potholes and cracks.
Cumana Terrace is covered wh potholes, deep cracks and broken / loose asphalt along  entire stretch   street.  is extremely hazardous to  residents and many neighborhood residents who are mostly seniors, many  whom take ir morning or evening walks. The sidewalks are uneven as well. The risks  tripping and falling are very high. I have tripped on several occasions even though I try to be careful, being mindful   potholes and cracks. Please resurface  street ASAP to avoid potential problems. Thank you.
POTHOLES FROM THIS INTERSECTION TO I-8
A couple  pretty deep potholes in  area.
A few deep potholes in  f ramp from SB Fairmount to Aldine
Sinkhole in front  school. Contact is Andrew at 619-223-7156
This entire section   road remains liabily. Not only has re been one bike accident, but  is just south  a senior care facily and Poe's a hazard to wheelchairs and walker bound pedestrians!
Reporting a pot hole in  crosswalk  Columbia and market Street
A COUPLE OF POTHOLES TRAVELING E/B
Pothole
Right lane at  curve. Uneven pavement and a pothole
 is about 28" x 12" and 8" deep, growing  intersection  Draco Rd and Gemini Ave.
There is a pot hole in front  my driveway. This is  third time I have requested  to be repaired. I did report pot holes for repair on  street, as well as in front  my driveway. The pot holes on  street were repaired. But not  one in front  my driveway. Thanks
Potholes
re are several places on Sola Ave where  asphalt is falied and cracked wh holes.
Potholes

Numerous large cracks throughout  street needing asphalt repairs.  A previous service request (00316258) was submted and closed whout any action.  When Street Division was contacted regarding  lack  action on  service request no response was provided.  The residents on  street continue to call Councilmember Kersey's fice asking about  cy's inaction and non-responsiveness to  asphalt repair needs on  cul-de-sac.  Please make  needed asphalt repairs.
Big potholes on  on ramp from Aldine to northbound Fairmount
Long trench was not filled wh asphalt and is several inches deep.  Dangerous for bicyles or cars wh thin tires.  Trench is filled only in intersection, but is not filled on Towne Center Drive and Eastgate Mall just outside  intersection.   has been  way for many months and nobody is working at  se.
1.) POTHOLE 2.) OVER IRRIGATION OF PLANTS IN THE MEDIAN. THE POTHOLE IS LOCATED HEADING SOUTH BOUND ON BRITANNIA BLVD DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF INSURANCE AUTO AUCTIONS HALF A BLOCK PRIOR TO BRITANNIA PARK PLACE . THE POTHOLE IS DEEP AND SEEMS TO BE RECURRING DUE TO OVER WATERING/ IRRIGATION TO PLANTS IN THE MEDIAN. PLEASE ADJUST WATER CYCLE TIMES AND REPAIR POTHOLE. MORE POTHOLES AT INTERSECTION WITH BRITANNIA PARK PLACE  IN THE MIDDLE OF INTERSECTION. MULTIPLES INCIDENTS/ CLAIMS REPORTED TO RISK DEPT ALREADY DUE TO THESE ISSUES.
2 potholes near  intersection
Going south pothole crack starting here
Previously filled potholes are starting to crack open
The road is full  potholes on both sides
The entire West half   road is so full  potholes, chunks  asphalt missing on sides  road, areas that flood. The road is a mess. The east half is nicely maintained by  County. Please fix  road where 's eroding away as well.
There is a significant pothole on Overland Ave near  driveway to  bank.
Badly damaged asphalt.  More than 10 years  damage at  se.
Pothole reported more than 25 times in  last 10 years.

Pothole     Reported 20 previous time


Pothole on right side lane going southbound. Pothole is square shaped
This is only one photo  many  cracks on Cumana Terrace and many or streets in Oaks North. The streets are in deplorable condion wh many cracks, some cracks have vegetation growing in m.
Pothole in front  driveway
Small potholes in  north "T" intersection  Van Dyke Ave at Madison Ave.
Pave Ingraham !!!!
Multiple potholes in  right southbound lane  Fairmount Ave as  ex opens up for Aldine Drive.
Near center island on northbound side  street.  Asphalt has a small sinkhole beneath .
I had put  report many times and cy says s been close y havent done nothing street has to be redone lots  potholes no side walk please fix.
I had put  repirt many times and  cy puts s been closed but havent done nothing please fix many potholes and res no side walk also no rain water sewage. Please fix.
Over half  width   road is torn up. Severly neglected. This extreme pothole is a hazard, especially to cyclists at night. There are no streetlights as well, making  hard to see at night.
An old dugout is settling and creating a small lateral trench to traffic.  's a few steps away north  a manhole.
Two potholes just 10 feet away from each or
POTHOLE N/B
Patch from previous pothole completely broken. Previous reports ignored and cracking/damage getting worse
Road damage wh dangerous drop in WB bike lane. If anyone falls & gets injured  cy will be sued. Previous reports ignored.
Pothole on  southbound side  villa La Jolla drive across from  VA hospal.  So bad  blew out my tire.
This street (25th St) is full  potholes. Entire street need repaving.
Asphalt is severely cracked at multiple locations wh chunks being thrown up against cars parked along side   curb.
Really big pothole which  double yellow line would've gone through. Pindrop isn't exact, but 's somewhere between 4254 37th St & El Cajon Blvd. Photo wasn't taken due to driving.
Bad pot hole getting worse-second request
Recently repaired water leak/pot hole repair has large puddle on surface. Clearly  water under  street is still leaking!
Pothole in  westbound lane at or near  address listed in  report.
Multiple potholes whin  circled area, near  west end   median.
Pothole in  eastbound lane at or near  address listed in  report.
several potholes on westbound Camino Del Norte, in  left lane, between  route 15 overpass and Paseo Montanoso

Pothole at drive entry
Deep pothole in alley. Feels like my car is breaking every time that I drive through, no matter how slow I go.
Potholes all up and down Fairmount Avenue as well as Aldine Drive west. I saw a cy truck last week filling a couple places on Fairmount. Please have a supervisor come take a look!!
Beginning  sinkhole. Thomas and Noyes. NE corner on Thomas
2 pothles at  T where Suffolk & Wae intersect
Pothole

Small potholes and recessed water cover
Large, massive circle pothole, that covers about half   lane! Westbound on Linda Vista close to  Jack in  Box.  destroyed my new front passenger side tire! Borderline sinkhole!!!
Pothole in EB lane
Bad road. Multiple cracks on asphalt, potholes no repairs made as stated from previous report. From about Bunker Hill st up to about Damon st
Potholes
Broken asfalt pieces making  difficult to drive
Potholes
Potholes
2-3 potholes one is 18x5
Pothole
Pavement heave has created a hazard for cyclists heading west bound on  street. This hazard can only be avoided by riding in  center   street. There is not enough room to pass  on  right side due to parked cars. This heave should be removed or at least painted to warn approaching cyclists.
There is a pothole next to a sewage drain in  alley behind 2611 Logan
Pothole on oppose side   alley next time sewage
Potholes in  northbound lane at 3255 Wing St.
Pothole along  gutter in front   bus stop on  north curbline in  3200 block  Midway Dr.
Pothole in  southbound #2 lane  Fairmount Ave just south   Montezuma Rd overcrossing.
Potholes on  transion from southbound Fairmount Ave to Aldine Dr.
very deep pot hole in  middle   road
Pot hole in north side  C street just west  33rd st.
Sinkhole, hazard. Contact is Joe at 619-857-2121
Giant crevices on street all along  block, dangerous for motorcycles and bicycles
In  portion  NB LJ SHores, between s intersections wh LJ Shores Lane and Discovery Way, 2 new potholes about 100-300 feet apart
Potholes
Pothole
3 potholes in  center  Red Rock Dr directly across from Cummins Pl
There is a Pothole in  middle   street near  front  my house. What is concerning is that y just re-did  street a few months ago. This Pothole just continues to get bigger as  cars drive over . Someone needs to repair  soon. Thank you.
Deep pothole. Contact is Rosa at 619-838-4249








3 large potholes heading north on Aldine Drive ramp onto Fairmount Drive north.
Pot hole directly in front  a curd in a crosswalk.
Pothole on west bound Balboa on far left lane before intersection.
pothole
Dangerous pothole in front  Cizen home
Crosswalk at Mission Blvd and Loring Street.  Individual in Wheelchair almost tipped over hting a pothole.
This street was slated to be fixed LAST YEAR!!! I was just "informed" that  "might" happen in September or later in  year. REALLY GETTING SICK AND TIRED OF THE EXCUSES!!! THIS ROAD IS DANGEROUS AND IT IS HURTING CARS TRANSMISSION SYSTEMS BECAUSE IT'S SO BAD!! THIS IS THE GETITDONE.COM APP...WELL GET IT DONE!!!!@
Vandalism
Vandalism
number  potholes
pothole in  middle  street
Small sinkhole needs to be looked at. Near  stop sign. Work done about a year ago and  looks like water got underneath.
Consumer states  that her request for pot holes was never done.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Alley pothole
Alley potholes. behiind senior center. Multiple big ones
The street here is very rough and uneven due to layers  asphalt wearing away.  stretches for about 75ft or so
The asphalt here is being pushed up be roots  a tree damaging  street. Also  road leading to  cul va sac here is cranked and eroding in many places.
A big pothole right after turning to Chatsworth from Nmiz.
Big pothole
Deep pothole that has caused vehicular damage is constantly disrupting traffic. Pothole is on La Jolla Parkway heading west.
Going southbound on Rancho Penasquos Blvd & Paseo Montril when  bus pulls into  bus stop due to potholes  entire bus rocks.
Big pothole going northbound on Carmel Mountain at Highland Ranch just in front  bus stop.
Washboard condions due to so many patched potholes, very bumpy ride entire road  between Torrey Pines Rd. and 5 freeway.  I reported  stretch 2-3 years ago, still no fix!  This is main thoroughfare to/fro La Jolla, very heavily traveled, why can  not be placed high on priory list?  Cannot take photos due to no access, very dangerous! Please send engineers to look...
Potholes

Pothole
Potholes
Pothole and severe cracking in front  17685 Cumana Terrace near  intersection  Cedilla Place.  The cracking has expanded to  point that  has become one large long pothole.  Please make  needed asphalt repairs.
North  Vons. Turning into a sinkhole. Please have CONCRETE used, not asphalt that will fail!!
Two potholes. #1. 3?x3? pothole and #2 1?x1?
 seems that  middle   street is disintegrating and re seems to be some sort  water leak that is eroding . Needs to be fixed.
Street crumbling going into parking lot on  north entrance. Getting bigger and bigger. Thank you
This is my second time reporting , since my previous report last week shows closed, but re are still 2-3 very deep potholes in  onramp from westbound Aldine to northbound Fairmount. Thank you!
Pothole
2 potholes in  "T" where Suffolk & Wae intersect
I DEMAND THAT EVERY POTHOLE ON FAIRMOUNT AVE FROM MONTEZUMA RD UP TO THE 8 FREEWAY BE REPAIRED. EVERY POTHOLE. I've been putting requests for months and I keep getting ignored. You get nothing done

Potholes along fairmount north
Several potholes on Glenroy between Lewison Ave and Princess View Dr
Potholes on Aldine on ramp to Fairmount North
Pothole
Street asphalt is buckled up causing people to trip and fall when getting out  parked car
Street is in severe disrepair. Alligator cracking, potholes, and severe road fatigue.
POTHOLES ON BOTH OF THESE STREETS
Pothole
The #2 lane, southbound on 54th Street, between Laurel and Pirotte Drive, re is a very deep pothole.  Please send crew to repair
3 foot long pothole in left lane on Carroll Canyon Rd going south.  Location is just south  Scripps Ranch Blvd
P/H IN THE WB LANE AT THE N/W/C
Multiple pot holes
Multiple pot holes
POTHOLE
Pothole on eastbound Poway Rd between 15 fwy and Sabre Springs Pkwy
In alley behind Adelaide's florist,  lame asphalt patch has failed and needs to be replaced wh concrete! Someone is going to bend a rim!
Under bridge big pot hole 3" deep 15" long.
3rd request, westbound lanes big stretch both lanes have several potholes hard to dodge m
Motorcycles getting front  tires caught on  alley pothole behind Alabama street
Potholes in left lane  Genesee and a bad one at end  left turn lane to Executive.
Badly damaged asphalt.  Cars are coming to a complete stop trying to figure out how to navigate  damage and potholes.   40+ complaints at  location.

Multiple potholes
  corner  Brilene Lane and Tamres  seam running along Brilene parallel to Tamres is breaking apart wh big chunks  asphalt that are dangerous to bike riders, pedestrian and  under carriages  cars...y are that big.

Large asphalt cracks that are turning in to potholes wh chunks  loose asphalt dislodging from  street.   The issues are primarily at  end   cul-de-sac.  Asphalt repairs are needed to address  cracking.
Asphalt chunks are coming out  potholes at  transion from  asphalt street to  concrete gutter at  intersection  Paseo Del Verano and Plaza De La Rosa.  Asphalt repairs are needed.
Potholes
Pothole on west side  Van Dyke Ave at 4535 Van Dyke
Long linear potholes on  particular stretch  Reagan Rd.
West side alley north  diamond and south  Missouri. Huge pothole in alley
Potholes on westbound Delta St just leading up to  swale on S. 43rd St.
re is a big hole in B street about 100 ft east   intersection wh 30th.  This hole has been re, surrounded by orange cones, for at least 4 months.   is certainly part  Ortiz's 30th street pipeline project.  Can't y take 10 minutes and through some cold mix into ?
Pothole on northside entrance
Such a deep rut, everyone scrapes here.
Pothole on  north side   intersection  Edgeware Rd and Alder Dr.
Pothole on souast bound Carmel Knolls Dr,
Large pothole in  alley behind 4357 51st St.  seems to rapidly be getting worse over  course  2 months.  has been patchedast year.
Pothole near  north corner  Carmel Country Rd at WB SR-56.
Linear pothole on westbound Carmel Valley Rd.
Anor pothole prior to Camino Del Barco on westbound Carmel Valley Rd.
Anor set  linear potholes on westbound Carmel Valley Rd just before Camino Del Barco.
The circle   cul-de-sac has not been repaid for over 21 years  street has started crumbling and potholes have started emerging We Fear re when  rainy season comes so we may end up having a larger problem can you send someone to assess  problem before we have a bigger problem and  rains came
All parts  ramps where Northbound Fairmount Avenue meets I-8 for access to 8E/8W & I-15 are in a severe state  disrepair.   seems all  entrance & exs ramps have been repaved over  last couple  years;   section has not been touched in at least 8 years.   has been 'patched' several times, but continues to deteriorate.
Pothole in front  driveway and curb. We are concerned that someone will step into and get injured because   issue
6 inch deep pothole asphalt is broken up.. in  alley behind  address
I own 2717 Meade Avenue, across from Garfield Elementary. There are some serious potholes in front  my driveway. I recently showed m to a workman from a crew redoing  curb ramps at Meade and Idaho (PCI?); he said  asphalt needs to be redone, 's nearly at sidewalk level except for  3-4 in holes in front  my driveway. Parking is impacted in  area and  potholes are making use  my driveway difficult.
Giant pot hole getting worse. In alley between nile and Vancouver
Eagle and Washington in mission hills. This water access hole is missing a lid. I noticed anor one whout a lid furr east on Washington too.
Multiple potholes on Fairmount South, need to swerve to avoid.
In  middle   street at or very near  address in  report.
Pothole next to  swale on Bahama Cove near  norast corner wh Vantage Way.
Potholes between 2540 & 2556 Vantage Way on  asphalt road surface in  middle   street.
In Get  Done San Diego Report #02395149, I incorrectly listed  wrong corner   pothole. 's actually located on Bahama Cove right next to swale near  souast corner. If Report #02395149 could be closed and use  one, that would be appreciated.
This whole street is a mess!  needs to be repaved (top to bottom), not just certain area. Since  constution  became worse.
SHIFTED METAL PLATE - OPEN HOLE
Street in terrible shape - needs some attention
Huge potholes

Large pothole near  opening for  left turn lane.
Road cracks
Potholes/cracks
Huge cracks
Huge cracks
Potholes/cracks
Road falling apart
Potholes
Pothole
Cracks, falling apart.
Pothole. Children fall on ir bikes here


Life Safety Issue: A recent pothole fix was not cleaned up.  Lots  asphalt residue in  bike lane causing bikers to swerve into  traffic lane to avoid loose asphalt. Located on Scripps Lake Dr., east  Brooktree Terrace on  west bound side   street. This condion has been here for at least 6 months.
Pothole near center   road.  Prior report 02388605 not corrected.
Pothole
Not a pothole. Worse, a 3.5" high bump in a bike lane wh 'tram line' groves guiding you to  bump. Avoiding  grooves, I h  bump and went over my bike handlebars, landing on my shoulder and back, large road rash on my left knee, elbow and shoulder, and broke my carbon handlebars too. So expensive and painful. Bump is at entry to  Eastbound bike lane, oppose 3636 Camino del Rio North, near  yellow curve warning sign. Luckily no car or cyclist involved. If a car h that bump  would damage steering or suspension. I have more pictures.
Large pot holes and chunks  asphalt in road.  Very dangerous driving in  area.
The street next to curb in front  our house and  neighbors house is lifting. asphalt is cracking and  is also a trip hazard. Also, water builds up and does not drain f because  is badly damaged and mosquos breed re. My 74 year old mor has a handicap. She fell out in front due to  dangerous  condions. This has been reported many times and nothing has been done to fix  issue. Now someone  has been injured. I guess that's what 's going to take to finally have  issue resolved. If  issue is not resolved in a timely manner we Will seek  advice  a lawyer due to  injury caused by negligence   cy by not maintaining public streets. I am very upset wh suation as  has been reported many times and nothing has been done to fix  issue.
Whin  past 2 years our residential streets were resurfaced,  first time in many years.  Unfortunately,  job was not completed.  Sundance Avenue between Sidewinder and Twin Trails was not included in  resurfacing done by  work crew.   is a mess, has not been resurfaced in many years, and appears to have been forgotten.  Please send a crew out to complete  work that should have been done when  rest   neighborhood received attention.  Thank you.
2 potholes eastbound lane
Multiple potholes on Winnett St between Federal Blvd and Tooley St
Pothole approximately 30x18 inches, loose blacktop material breaking into pieces wh several chunks already kicked into road from travel over top.
I reported  bad patch job 143 days ago, I also reported a 15 inch sink hole next to ...in front  2904 Demeter Way, San Diego 92139. This issue has been passed back and forth between  Cy and  water department, I have followed up wh both. Two months ago a water department employee sent a work order to  Cy street department, about  issue and to date nothing has been done, my street looks bad and I drive in and out   sink hole everyday. Do I really need to go to my Cy councilman wh  issue ? Why have  great app and not respond, I'll be waing for a response, thank you
I reported  sink hole 153 days ago,  issue has been passed back and forth between  Cy and  water department. Why can't  issue be resolved, why have  app and no one has fixed  issue. I will keep going up  ladder to get to  person to fix , I'll be waing for a response...thank you
Huge, huge, pothole, where you stop to make a left hand turn. Lerally larger than a tire. Very easy to cause damage
SEDA & CLAIREMONT MESA BETWEEN VIA DOMINIQUE & RENOVO GOING UP THE HILL POT HOLE.
4x12 in hole       at entrance to  Thames CT from Abbots HILL RD
A coupleOf pot holes in front  3333 Spa St.
Busted "manhole"  water pipe cover.
Potholes - lots  m- all along Mesa Madera Road between Ironwood and Avenida Magnifica.
The road is raised about  3000 block, right where you enter Pacific Highway from MCRD. I drive about 6am most mornings going from Barnett to Pacific Highway to Washington St and I stay in 2nd lane and don't get over to  right lane until I past  ridge in road, re are 2,  first one not as bad as  2nd one. The far right lane  road really jars  car  startled me.  Thank you
Pot holes

From  top  3700 Oleander down to 3600 Oleander  street has long wide (4-8" wide) cracks and potholes

Several potholes heading north on Fairmount near Montezuma
Long cracks
There's been a serious erosion  asphalt in high traffic area on Del Mar Scenic Parkway where cars ex Camino Mar Villa going north and enter Del Mar Scenic Parkway--a San Diego Cy street.  There is no ficial address for  intersection and, refore, I'm submting 2310 Camino Cala, Del Mar, CA 92014 because  is  closest home adjacent/just north   intersection.
Deep potholes at  north intersection near  crosswalk.
Uneven pavement again going south on College Ave. se potholes continue to sink and open up
re is a large pothole in street just in front  my house.  sides are expanding and crumbling. picture is wh a ladies size 8 flip flop for size reference.

The block between Haines and Gresham on Law needs to be repaved. Lots  potholes and uneven work.
Pot hole next to driveway. Photo attached. More potholes at intersection  Liggett and Garrison.
Multiple pot holes. This is ridiculous how many times I have to report potholes on  disintegrating road.
Multiple pot holes. This is ridiculous how many times I have to report potholes on  disintegrating road.
Potholes and Loose gravel in  parking lot in front   track.
There are several large potholes in front  our building that fill wh dirty street water daily. We are  low point in  street and  only building that has an asphalt vs concrete gutter. They holes are dangerous, people have tripped crossing  street and  smells awful. Please fix ASAP.
Small sinkhole needs to be looked at. Near  stop sign. Work done about a year ago and  looks like water got underneath.
POTHOLE
Got a message  morning that se potholes were fixed.  Just drove by here and nothing is fixed. So  will be my third time reporting se deep potholes.
Fairmount northbound. Reported se a few times. Just drove by here and nothing is fixed. So  will be my third time reporting se deep potholes.
6inch deep pothole at bottom  handicap ramp at 5th and E St souast corner
Specific Date West end  Mt. Durban in Clairemont, 92117  will be affected by slurryOur household has one elderly and one disabled person.   is imperative we plan ahead and knowwhat date our street will not be available for vehicle access.  Please advise.
potholes all along alley and needs to be filled
There is a huge pothole in  middle   street. They came out a few months ago and dumped some asphalt in  hole, but that didn't work.  is really bad. 's both very deep and large. I did not take a picture because I was pretty upset when my car fell into . This is dangerous and needs to be address and fixed properly and not just dump asphalt in .
Near  intersection  LJ Shores and Shellback Way, in NB LJ SHores:  (a) pothole just south  intersection, and (b) several points  small potholes and broken pavement soon to become potholes just north   intersection.
Potholes
Manhole cover wh asphalt sinking around .
Severe pot holes on edge  road in right hand turn lane. This is on  east bound side  Clairemont Mesa.
The right hand lane is extremely bumpy wh interspersed pot holes. The road is generally very uneven wh a lot  ups and downs. Needs to be smooth out.
Three potholes. North side   centerline.
Triangular metal plate that was in  road has broken and been lifted up, presents a serious hazard to those driving on  street.
One  several small, developing potholes on a very cracked stretch  street.
Several small, forming potholes on a very cracked stretch  Beatrice street.
Deep pothole on very cracked stretch  Beatrice St.
Pothole on very cracked stretch  Beatrice St
Deep pothole on very cracked stretch  Beatrice St.
Two forming, deep potholes on very cracked stretch  Beatrice St.  In front  2810.
Three potholes forming at very cracked entrance to cul de sac at Beatrice Ct.
Whole street potholes and lifted , still not fixed
Pothole
Multiple large potholes on Mercy Road/Scripps Poway Pkwy (under  bridge)
West alley needs repairs.  's getting worse and worse.   feels like you're froading.
Pothole on 6th Ave just South  crosswalk. Caused a scooter accident today!
Southbound lane Cactus Road between Airway Road and Siempre Viva Road is in deplorable condion. There are hundreds  potholes and  asphalt is totaling broken apart in many areas. Fill all   potholes.
Qu closing se reports unless you actually fix  potholes on  road which is falling apart!!
Camino del norte west  interstate 15 has been in awful shape since at least 2011.  Potholes have been filled, but not que as fast as y appear. The main issue is  road is in severe need  resurfacing.  Traveling west on  road from 15 to just past Bernardo Center Drive displays  poor condion   road.  When will  be resurfaced?  Included is an older google picture,  is actually worse now.
Multiple potholes in  middle, and areas  asphalt erosion on  sides. The entire street needs resurfaced, from Mt Bross to  west. 's in horrible condion wh asphalt erosion everywhere, and so many loose bs  rock  is like a gravel road.
The intersection  Lowell and Plum is in terrible disrepair and could be a public safety hazard.
Souast corner 6th and E St. All along  wheelchair ramp. Very deep.
N/B, 2 LARGE POTHOLES
POTHOLES
potholes
Round metal water/sewer access cover missing in  middle   road. Pipe going down and concrete around  are loose
Sorry to bor you again , you fixed  pothole in  East side lane , but in  same area  (4500 Ingulf)  time ?s  Westbound lane is a giant pothole , between Morena Blvd and Chicago, in fact on  street between Morena Blvd  and Denver  whole street is bad!! Thank you so very much,
Large crack running across  street in front  17687 Fonticello Way that is in need  repair.
almost  whole street need maintenance and street light. very unsafe to drive and to walk at night  .
Pothole in  southbound #2 lane  Sixth Ave just south   end   transion ramp from southbound State Route 163. When vehicles reach  pothole y have just exed southbound SR-163 onto Sixth Avenue, left  State-maintained roadway, crossed over  change in asphalt road surface, and entered  Cy-maintained portion  Sixth Ave.
Potholes everywhere
Entire alley is in terrible disrepair
This short street is getting really bad. What can we do for you to repair ?
Pothole
Going North on College. Tired  driving over UNEVEN PAVEMENT because  a poor patching job
Over and over I keep reporting a pothole going NORTH after  river.  never gets fixed
2 potholes on 44th Street/Redwood Street
A hole on Southbound Catalina was apparently filled years ago.  Now  is still a hole that feels like a pothole.
A few new potholes appeared on  westbound side  Camino del Norte between Paseo Montanoso and Bernardo Center Dr.
Potholes
Pothole
Repairs to Morena Bl. after water main rupture very poor, especially in  area. Making a left turn from Morena Southbound to Viola St. very rough, even in a larger vehicle. Morena Bl. just south   intersection has a decent patch, and  area to  north needs attention as well. The main problem is  center  Morena Bl., just north  Viola St.
There is a manhole cover in front  my house that makes a loud clanking noise when a car rides over .  The sewer cover is not even wh  street surface. The asphalt laid down around  sewer cover has shrunk below ground making a pothole.  I appreciate anything you can do as  makes loud noise when cars go over . Regards, Erik Swanson 858-859-5466 4953 Jumano Ave SD, CA 92117
There is a manhole cover in front  my house that makes a loud clanking noise when a car rides over . The sewer cover is not even wh  street surface. The asphalt laid down around  sewer cover has shrunk below ground making a pothole. I appreciate anything you can do as  makes loud noise when cars go over . My previous request was closed whin one hour whout any action. Regards, Erik Swanson 858-859-5466 4953 Jumano Ave SD, CA 92117
Northbound Cardiff asphalt around manhole cover has sunken in, creating a bad dip and arise and n anor dip on  or side   manhole cover. Please fill in sunken areas on both sides. Thank.
POTHOLES SIX OR MORE N/B ON EUCLID BETWEEN IMPERIAL AND LOGAN
The entire cul de sac is full  potholes.
Large pothole in  middle  street. Contact is Rodrigo at 619-464-2431
P/H IN WB LEFT TRN LANE

POTHOLES E/B ALL THE WAY TO THE COUNTY LINE
The portion   street directly in front   property has major potholes in . Every time a small car backs out   driveway onto  street  bottom   car hs  asphalt because   potholes in  street. I have uploaded an image   problem. We would greatly appreciate  if  were fixed as soon as possible. Thank you.
pot hole in  alley directly behind  address .
Big pothole
Pothole in street wh metal/pipe piece sticking out. Is unsafe for drivers and kids.
Street has major cracks and missing asphalt. All  surrounding streets have been repaved yet ours continues to decay. Kids can't ride bikes safely.
Four brand new potholes on  connector road from Aldine (particularly from  Talmadge side) to NB Fairmount
Dangerous pothole. I was running out  morning and I almost fractured my ankle. This entire street is full  potholes. Please address  issue  potholes in  entire street including  street above Shamrock street.
Pothole right after f ramp from I-5
A big hole around  traffic light area when heading to  base direction
Multiple pot holes on  fairmont  ramp.  They blew out my tire and damaged  rim.
Test

This entire street has potholes. Please have someone come and patch  area. Thank you
BEYOND POTHOLES! 3 years driving through  and my car is taking more and more damage from  mess!!!! FIX THIS STREET
The whole road is deteriorating in front  my home at 74555 Hillside Dr. La Jolla, CA 92037.  Please fix  ASAP as  is a road hazard and someone can get hurt.
Potholes
This has been reported, I am aware  future slurries  cannot wa! I reported and  street was marked our guests leaving  Sheraton East drive have received flat tires from  hole!
The curb at  location has eroded to deep potholes along  bus stop area.
Deep potholes at  location in front   library at  bus terminal.
ALLEY  2 LARGE POTHOLES    - CALLER STATING 2ND REQUEST
Pot holes at  location are very deep in front   bus stop at Cy College
Every time I drive over  my car jumps.
Asphalt coming up. Leaves debris and a hole
Potholes on Aldine Drive. 4 large ones total, here is a photo  2  m
Potholes on Aldine Drive. 4 large ones total, here is a addional photo   or 2 potholes (see my or report for photos  addional large potholes on Aldine Dr)
Very large pothole 's right before after  taco shop in right before  liquor store going north two  m actually

Loose gravel and large pothole
My two year old and I have almost been h by speeding cars and a school bus who use  road now that's all torn up as a one lane. On coming cars are forced to drive on  wrong side   road to avoid  pot hole. 's very dangerous.
Several potholes on Aldine Drive north bound where  curves and starts to merge wh  fairmount avenue
Pothole in  middle   street
There are a couple  potholes in  left lane going Northbound on Kearny Villa Rd between Miramar Road and Black Mountain Road.

MAJOR POTHOLE NEAR STOP SIGN. INTERSECTION OF 16TH ST AND ELM AVE. HOLE IS PHYSICALLY ON THE ELM AVE SIDE OF RD WHERE IT MEETS 16TH.  ANY VEHICLE ATTEMPTING TO MAKE A RIGHT TURN AT INTERSECTION HITS THIS HARD. NEEDS IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. THANK YOU.
5157 Streamview Drive    5263 Streamview Drive    5269 Streamview Drive              5351 Streamview Drive
Potholes on Balboa between Genesee and Cannington traveling west bound in left lane. Contact is Riva at 619-855-3628
Pothole on  center line at 3878 Old Town Ave.
Road is riddled wh potholes please fill or repave. Thank you.
Pot holes
Pothole where alley meets Dawes St
Axle buster on west side  esterel
  intersection Filpo and east bound  Amherst
In westbound lane, a short distance from  intersection wh Castle Glen Dr. Pothole is a very well defined rectangle. Suspect problem created by a failed patch.
large and growing larger when leaving plant
A man trip on his scooder and fell face down @ 12:30pm September 14, 2018
 ex for westbound 8  described as  taylor st ex leads to an intersection, n over a bridge to get to taylor st.   bridge crosses over hwy 8.    stop sign at  end   bridge,  taylor street intersection, re is severe pothole damage.   page does not show what/where a "drag marker" is.  re is no obvious way to go to an address suggestion list.  Fix  potholes, n  webse defects, please.
Pot hole end   street
Starting at about Filipo Street east bound El Cajon Blvd at Aragon Dr., and Rolando Blvd to 67th street and Montezuma Rd and West bound from Montezuma has  worst "uncovered" water mains and pot holes which I have a current claim which I have previously reported for over 10 months now.
Large pothole in intersection.
Car damaging pot hole s/b Lake Murray after you take a left  from Navajo
The intersection  Black Mountain Road and Carroll Centre Road is unevenly paved.  This is causing major hazard when making a road turn from Black Mountain Road into Carroll Centre Road. Because  road is so uneven,  gets very bumpy when crossing  intersection. This problem has been reported months ago and  was never addressed. Please repave Kearny Villa Road to Black Mountain Road (On  side closest to Arco Gas station)
Scripps Poway Parkway is in bad shape in multiple areas along  length   road. Between I-15 and Spring Canyon is a particularly bad stretch.
Several potholes eastbound on Scripps Poway Pkwy
Raised waterhole
right lane
Pot hole
We have potholes all along Scripps Poway Parkway that you have clearly heard about over and over. The backlog can't be  bad. I guess if  Mayor wants to run on something and fail miserably at , we will have to make sure to highlight  during his next campaign wherever he decides to run. Kersey too! Asinine how re has been no work completed during his tenure. Absolutely ridiculous.
Potholes and patchwork throughout entire street from  5800 block to 6070 Division St.Cars drive centerline  street to avoid m
Street was dug up and never fully repaired.
All  Scripps Poway Parkway, starting at least at 10330 until just past Angelique Street where  shortly reafter changes to Poway Cy lines, is riddled wh huge potholes due to  large semi-trucks that pass re all hours   day.   is an extremely bumpy road.  Poway has paved ir part  Scripps Poway several times already.  I have lived in Scripps for over 20 years,  road has never been paved.  thank you
Potholes
4311 Winona ave
4311 Winona
Potholes
Potholes
There is a growing pothole ACROSS THE STREET FROM  noted address by  McKinley School Audorium entrance.  is next to  curb.

east bound super long cracks
west bound long cracks
Massive pothole in  parking lot in front  Tajima. Very dangerous. Please fill.
Pothole in  middle through lane  northbound El Camino Real about 5-10 prior to  intersection wh Valley Centre Drive.
Pothole forming around  patch in  middle   intersection  El Camino Real  eastbound Carmel Valley Rd/SR-56 onramp. Only reason why  pin drop is just a tad south   intersection is because re wasn't an address number being picked up on  app.

Pothole W bound balboa.  In left lane In front  McDonalds
Alleyway is really bad behind  senior center. I saw an old lady walking over  pothole wh just a cane and almost freaked out worrying. Behind 4020 32nd St garage.
Potholes behind senior center.
Potholes behind senior center. Dangerous for seniors walking around wh canes.
Pothole in alley
Pothole in alley behind 4051 Iowa St. They fixed part   but  got bad next to  now.
Potholes in alley
Pothole popped my friends tire
Potholes near entry to alley between 32nd and Iowa.
Pothole on Antigua Blvd near Oakleaf Pt
Pothole dangerous for disabled & pedestrians in alley. Cover is broken.
Most   west end  Highland Valley Road looks like  on  sides   road.
The condion  Scripps Poway Parkway is terrible. My fillings come loose when I drive between I-15 and Pomerado. Please get  street repaved.
severe uneveness over 3 inch height difference and several feet long on pavement wh sharp lip. I have already twisted my ankle twice exing from my house into alley.  's very dangerous. I already set request wh pictures and no response from  cy
Pothole in alley at intersection wh Dawes east side.
Pothole in center  Del Mar Ave
Entire alley is in terrible disrepair
A large pothole recently appeared, wh pieces  asphalt ltering  street.
POTHOLE BLEW OUT TIRE. ALDINE N/B OFF RAMP ONTO FAIRMOUNT AV.
Huge pothole that covers over half  street
Large chunks  pavement missing along grate and along edges  crosswalk at 11th Ave & Imperial Ave. Major crossing point on a daily basis and for events at Petco Park.
Multiple potholes on westbound Malibu Way, just before Half Moon Bay Drive.
A pair  potholes at or just before westbound Malibu Way turns into northbound Half Moon Bay Drive.
Pothole on northbound Half Moon Bay Dr at or very near through address in  report.
Pothole at or near  address listed in  report on  northbound lane side   street.
Pothole at or near  address in  report in  northbound lane side.
Pothole at or near  address listed in  report in  northbound lane side.
Pothole forming on northbound Recuerdo Drive at  souast corner wh Lozana Rd.

Pothole forming right next to  swale  northbound Durango Dr where as people come out  Del Mar Heights Rd.
Pothole in  swale at  norast corner  El Amigo Rd at Nob Ave.
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE EAST BOUND ON HOWARD PRIOR TO THE ILLINOIS INTERSECTION.

  bus stop located here re is a huge pothole that appears to be getting larger, very dangerous for buses.
POTHOLE
Large sub-grade failure  a sewer main on B Street, just East  30th Street. Road damage has existed since May 2018, whout resolution.
Phanuel seek straight groove on  corner  Thomas and fanuel street
I drive through  street everyday and at seems like  pothole was already re for a while, can we have  whole patched up?
Madrone Ave./65th street in s entirety has dozens  potholes and  street is in overall in very bad condion.
Pavement has sunk below a manhole on Ferber St. approximately 6 to 8 inches causing a pot hole on  south side   manhole.  Manhole is in  right hand lane.  Please see photo's.  Please note  condion has existed for over a year, but I do not know if  has ever been reported.
North bound lane 1/2 block South  Montongo, a Street partially repaired.
Please fix potholes on Coleman Avenue between Piccard Avenue and Ralph Way (3900-4069 block).
Cy broke up  street, 09/15/18 State Street at Chalmers,  repair is a disaster.  is lumpy, half asphalt & half cement. We have lost street parking, we cannot drive on  right side  road( heading down hill) re is a large crack and dip. Your trucks also while using our drive way, broke f a piece and refused to fix  while at se. This same area, I have called  cy for 6 months about  water leak and road. Instead  fixing  leak in March, you all just patched over  ?dip? in  road.
Since my request last spring was rejected,  Gana "canyon" has expanded across  street wh a width  4" and a depth  2 1/2 ";  now supports a wide variety  vegetation. We have recently ordered several Domino's pizzas and  drivers indicated that  bumpy ride is affecting qualy   pies. They have fered to send ir paving team down from Burbank to help out  Cy  San Diego but need your permission. Please let me know so I can pass  along!!!!!
POTHOLES BOTH DIRECTION
Pothole in left lane prior to turn lane and light.
INTERSECTION OF LINDA VISTA ROAD AND STALMER STREET  tHE WHOLE INTERSECTION IS FULL OF HOLES AND DETERIORATION  ALSO THE INTERSECTION OF ASHFORD STREET AND ARMSTRONG STREETS.
Over 20 potholes
A huge pothole on Seaworld drive before Seaworld way. Please fix.
There are several potholes on all lanes going north on Fairmount Ave between Montezuma Rd and  traffic signal. SEVERAL AGAIN SEVERAL

Pot holes on Lake Murray Blvd from  corner  Navajo Rd all  way through  corner  Jackson Drive zip code 92119
In March   year, only six months ago, SDGE repaired a gas leak at 1st St and Thorn. They dug a large hole and we are happy y fixed , however ir repair   hole was not done correctly! They did no soil compacting or or acts to make  repairs permanent. Now  Repair has sunk 3 inches. Every time a truck rolls over  poor repair  makes a loud noise.We have been awakened every night for  last three weeks.I do not think  cy should have to pay for SDGE's poor repair, but I need a good nights rest.Can you get SDGE to come back and do  job correctly?Thank you,Donald Stroebel619 995 5066
Pothole
Raised roadway wh pothole
Walking hazard, please fix
Walking hazard, please fix
Pothole in front  address. Pothole makes  difficult to navigate in and out  driveway. Requesting slurry seal
Russ Boulevard in a seriously dilapidated state. This is  third GetDone report, as  prior two have been closed, whout resolution. Major road failure, which may require a full street re-construction, put existing potholes present a significant danger, as  is a heavily biked corridor, given s' proximy to Golden Hill Park. While re-surfacing may not be feasible at  time, potholes create severe liabily concerns.
Many potholes
Rough Road
Rough road
Rough road

Pothole
POTHOLES ALL ON HIS BLOCK, HE WOULD LIKE THEM FILLED
Sorrento Valley Road from Carmel Mountain Road to Sorrento Valley Blvd and Sorrento Valley Blvd to Vista Sorrento Parkway is in a very bad shape.  is very difficult to bike wh lot  cracks, pot holes and I almost had accidents couple  times in  last few weeks wh my bike tires getting struck between cracks. Can you please look into  when you get a chance.
TWO POTHOLES COLLEGE AV  N BETWEEN I 8 & CAPRI RIGHT LANE
The whole street needs fixing.'s horrible to drive on. Please assist
Potholes, cracks, and lots  old uneven pavement that is greatly worn out on W Washington Street both North and South bound from India Street (Gelato Vero Caffe) to  on/f ramps  Pacific Highway (MCRD/ Semper Fi Plaza).
pothole in sb lane between rockhurst and del cerro. caused vehicle damage
Deep potholes and cracking in road heading from Bernardo center drive to Camino San Bernardo for over 1/4 mile. Car h pothole and was almost redirected f   road due to severy  hole.
Deep pothole next to center line. 1.5 foot by 1.5 foot
Pothole right on street at driveway entrance (driveway on right at end  cul-de-sac).
Large chunks  asphalt are all over  street because   pothole. 's a safety hazard.

Concrete around manhole cover has heaved up several inches above streer
I have submted multiple requests! Potholes damaging tires and vehicles. Street needs to be repaved! Please send a supervisor to evaluate  street!
The potholes are near  intersection  6700 Paris Way and 2600 Alta View Drive. The potholes are on  east bound side   road, 's about three to four potholes. (The address  2607 Alta View Drive has a pothole near  also on  west bound side   road.) Thank you,
There are a couple potholes in  area.
This street is badly broken and we have called several times only to get Mickey mouse patch ups. I have damaged my car 2 times and haven't filed claim please fix street
Please evaluate  sunken pipe that is not covered and  surrounding area.  looks  like  ground surrounding  pipe is sinking.
Pot hole
2431 Clairemont Dr x Denver-potholes h 7/12/2018
Rectangular type pothole, 2ft. Approx., on Montongo, near  double yellow lines. Long cracks eminating out from pothole.
Significant potholes, ruts and extreme pavement degradation on Carroll Road between Miramar Road and Kenamar Drive.
Several large damaging potholes in southbound lanes in  approx location needs filling.
Pothole
Potholes both sides  grand
Potholes
Huge hole on Franklin avenue. Damages cars that drive through .
5260 La Pas -pothole near bump in  road
Pothole
2nd Request !!!!! Actual location is on W Mission Bay Dr. west bound NOT Sea World Dr. Just west   Sea World Dr overpass westbound over W. Mission Bay Dr exists 5 horribly installed asphalt overlay  underground utily pipes which in effect are huge speed bumps raised so high y act as damaging jarring speed bumps.   current speed most cars drive at 40 mph causes a dangerous driving condion when I and many or vehicles slow to 25 mph could cause rear end collisions. Needs smoothing immediately to avoid vehicle tire, etc damage. The 1st request is  "cy could not find  location". I replied to that email and aparrently not received by  cy or ?????  Just drive west from Midway Dr over  SD River bridge,  under  Sea World Dr overpass and se dangerous overfilled trenches are right in front  you. Please do something asap to smooth out  asphalt in  area. Thanks !
Tons  potholes east and west bound from Ventura Place to Sea World Dr keep opening up and need constant filling. This is at least my 5th request over  last 2 years.
Pothole/degraded pavement at south west end  intersection Coronado Ave and Catalina Bl in  middle   street need filling in and smoothing wh current asphalt grade. Several previous requests. Thanks !!
Many while on street.
big p/h in st
There is a large pothole in  middle   road. Because you can bottom out on , everyone has learned to swerve into  left turn lane to avoid  pothole.
Alley horrible potholes
Two Potholes in front  5454 Mound Ave
  bus stop here, re is a huge pothole that appears to be getting larger.  Very dangerous for  buses.  This is my 2nd request for repairs,  last request was closed whout any work being done.  Thanks
Big bulge and crack in  middle   road
Pothole in middle  street.
Street is uneven and is a danger
Westbd lanes, large hole

So  cy did some work on  street and when y paved  and left  like . Holes and tire marks everywhere. Not a great job at all
cy worker dig up trenches at  intersection for some work n fill  m wh gravel and dirt instead  resurface  street wh asphalt  that create dangerous suation for bicyclist because y have to move out into roadway to avoid pot holes, also s create a great deal  dust in my neighbor hood.
Deteriorated asphalt, pothole at  foot   driveway around  corner on Carling Dr.
Pothole is located at  bottom  Chestnut Hill lane ON Ted Williams Parkway.
There are sever large square shaped pot holes just to  right exing our main driveway at 16550 W Bernardo Dr.  Please repair and we would greatly appreciate !
Un even pavement almost fell
Pothole
fyi,  pothole is on Seda Dr where re are no houses.  This is a fairly large pothole.  The main center chunk comes out and people keep placing  back in  hole.  Thank YOU!
There are two big potholes at  intersection and y are gradually growing in size. Both  m are filled wh water that appear to be from an ongoing leak below  pavement.
Mission Gorge  ex f  8 east big pothole/dip in left lane at light while waing to turn left onto Mission Gorge
Large pothole mid-block on 14th bet Broadway and E - in front  Police HQ
Large pothole wh broken pavement everywhere.
h pot hole causing flat tire and damage to tire. Very sharp thunk - h two days in a row on route home in heavy traffic -
2 ft X 3ft,  about an 1 1/2" deep
Roadway has alligator cracking, Spalling and creates large debris.
POTHOLES E/B AND W/B
The pavement just before  curb is very damaged and uneven. This causes damage to cars going out and tends to fill up wh water pretty quickly during rain season. Can  please get repaired?
Street has many potholes, ruts, loose gravel, etc.
This is my 3rd report  keeps get closed as completed! Not true!  Hotel guests have bent rim leaving,
POTHOLE
Massive pothole in  parking lot. Please fill in. Already saw a car get tire damage
Very old but dangerous pothole located northbound Hotel Circle Place just north   AAA building.Someone on a bike could get severely hurt.   The pothole is marked wh red paint but  paint is now fading.
Huge dip in  on ramp to highway 52 from La Jolla. Was not re on Wednesday! Dangerous. My Honda Accord bottomed out
1 VERY LONG AND DEEP POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Pot hole
Pothole in west bound bike lane. Looks like  was leftover from construction activy. West  here  bike lane has a crack in  that is big enough to get your bike tire stuck in.  is worst just east  Discovery Place (west bound).
Per water department add road mix to small sunken patch.
Pothole in  northbound lane between 14045-14059 Recuerdo Dr.
Pothole in  middle   street near  address in  report.
POTHOLE SB OF 16TH ST BEFORE J ST
Pothole in  northbound lane side very close to  driveway listed in  report.
Previously done patch job presumably from some utily work, is buckling and needs to be resmood. Creates a pothole like jolt when driving over . Located in  southbound lane side between 13944-13934 Recuerdo Drive.
A few potholes are in  left lane travelling west toward Hickman Field Drive.   There are two in  right lane travelling eastbound, about 100 ft. from Hickman Field Drive.
Pothole in  northbound lane side just a tad beyond  driveway  13933 Recuerdo Drive.
Pothole located between 13934-13924 Recuerdo Drive on  southbound lane side.
Sink hole behind  alley at 4416 Algeciras St., San Diego 92107. Deep sink hole has been filled once but immediately began sinking again.
Large pothole in Street Cozine cars to swerve and go into oncoming traffic
Potholes
Pothole in southbound Sorrento valley Blvd, right lane, under left side  car, just before intersection.
There is a relatively small pothole that has been a big nuisance for months and causes near accidents because  s location in  intersection  National Ave and 28th St.  For vehicles traveling eastbound in  left thru lane on National Ave,  pothole is in  left wheel path at  far end   intersection. Due to limed lane width, in order to avoid hting  pothole requires eir swerving to  right and potentially sideswiping a vehicle in  adjacent eastbound lane, or swerving left and potentially hting oncoming traffic in  westbound left turn lane.  Driver's who are familiar wh  pothole are usually forced to h  wh ir tires anyway due to  lane configuration constraints and lots  traffic.   Please consider filling  hole. Thanks for all  great work you guys do around  cy.
A series  potholes
Pothole as you come west down jacaranda on  curb side   road surface
Potholes on Aldine ex from fairmount and  patch job you did  past week on  fairmount onramp from Aldine is a shty ass job. 's still bumpy as fuck!!
ExzeBy We ess Rc
Southbound Lanes  College approaching I-8 westbound to ramp
Pothole in  middle   intersection  Miramar Rd and Miramar Wy. Contact is Jim at 619-549-9738
Lots  potholes in Carmel Mt. And sorrento valley rd
Left turn lane on westbound Market onto Interstate 15 North is undulating causing difficulty steering at times. This left turn lane is used by many Costco members including myself.
Deep pothole behind my house on Fairmount.  As  gets h thousands  times per day  sounds like a huge collision.
Lot hole in  nmiddlw   street. Stalmer and Linda Vista road
Various potholes  many sizes on  entire street saw kids tripping on bikes
Huge pothole unable to drive safely over  whout damage
Pothole
Crumbling into a bigger pothole
Pothole in  far right "ex only" lane for southbound I-5 on eastbound Via de la Valle. This is in front or just prior to  Shell Station driveway.
Deep Pothole in road.  Hard to see when traffic is heavy. I went over  and  immediately shredded both my front and rear driver?s side tires. I stopped as soon as  was safe to do so. I had to send my passenger home via Uber n take a Lyft home myself. I will need to have  car towed somewhere tomorrow to have  tires replaced and inspect for damage.
Multiple pot holes in  pedestrian walkway. Also, 's a heavily used cross walk but re are no cross walk markings or signs which is a safety problem.
Pothole and westbound Lane
Pothole northbound lanes
Started out as a 2-3 inch oblong hole, now has grown to almost 2 feet. Please see photos. This road has several homes that butte up to  street,  pot hole is directly at our driveway, and  payment pieces and rocks are getting bigger and bigger. Needs repair asap.
Asphalt is breaking up, leaving a small pot hole.  is small at  moment, but based on everything happening up and down  street, if not repaired,  will probably get much larger relatively soon.
Rapidly expanding break in  asphalt. Every day,  is bigger. A lot  those asphalt around . Drivers frequently swerve around  pothole and  asphalt.
Huge holes and loose asphalt in Cul de sac
Hello, On  area pinned in  map, re is a pothole and big bump in  right hand lane.  's right at  bottom   hill on Camino Del Norte right before you start going back up hill towards Bernardo Center Dr.  If you could patch  up a b smoor  would be greatly appreciated!  Thank you!
POTHOLE IN ALLEY BEHIND CIGAR SHOP
Degraded asphalt approx 10'x10' in intersection. Several pothole too!
3X1" HOLE, LEFT IN STREET, BARRICADED OFF AND HAS BEEN HERE FOR WEEKS, PLEASE REPAIR AND REMOVE BARRICADES, BEHIND HIGH SCHOOL ON OVIEDO WY!
Cole Street north  Conrad Ave was resurfaced last year but south  Conrad Ave needs to be patched and filled.
Potholes near Fire Station 27 need to be filled or patched.
Pothole
DAMGED COX METER BOX, HAZARD
DAMGED SDG&E METER BOX, HAZARD
DAMGED AT&T  METER BOX, HAZARD
DAMGED SDG&E METER BOX, HAZARD
Huge pot hole on drive way entrance to  address. Bad enough to damage tires.  has been re for years.
We have so many pothole in  entire alley. All  alley was repair except  section. Please let me know if any future repair in  alley.
Fanuel Street between Grand Ave and Pacific Beach drive is on bad shape and needs repaving
Sewer is elevated
pothole located here

Going from 15 to Bernardo Center Dr., a huge dip is present in  left lane

Potholes in front  1705 Winnett Street AND on  corner  Springfield and Winnett.
Two foot diameter near center line. Often h by cars pulling out   Catholic Church parking lot.
About one year ago a hole was dug in  street in front  my house to fix a water leak. The hole was filled wh asphalt but never leveled. I have reported  issue in  past and was told  would be leveled soon. I am handicapped and walk wh assistance,  lump  asphalt has caused me to trip and fall by loosing my balance.  is right where I park my car. If not taken care  soon, I will contact  Human Resources Department reporting a safety issue that impacts my rights under  Americans wh Disabilies Act.
Pothole in middle  road
The pavement along alley way, especially to north side is cracked, uneven and a safety hazard. Also, due to  poor pavement, we are concerned about standing water which occurs near  electrical box.  is a safety concern and standing water is a sanation issue also.
Large pothole, southbound side  Sorrento Valley road (side closest to  train tracks) across  street from  cemetary
Large pothole, southbound Sorrento Valley Road in  #2 lane across from  Self storage building
Potholes on Mira Mesa Bl between Parkdale Av and Flanders Dr. Contact is Paulina at 858-695-0054
Pothole 805N on-ramp
8300 New Salem Street ..2 or 3 deep potholes on  east bound side ...and  appears wet a lot   time. These potholes are very jarring because you can't dodge m.  is on New Salem Street right at  intersection  Camino Ruiz.
Potholes
Pothole & deteriorating condions.
This street is still not fixed Fter 4 months after my report.but 4400 35th street was repaved 4600 was not
Potholes
Potholes
Center  street asphalt breaking loose.
Pothole
ASPHALT DAMAGED, HUSBAND TRIPPED
The road is in very bad shape because  is used a great deal.  I know that  is a very busy street maybe do  when SDSU is out over Christmas.
Two potholes that are getting very deep
Pothole
Pothole on right side   road, driving up  hill. Right in  spot where your passenger side tire would go over whout swerving into  bike lane or oncoming traffic lane.
After  contractor hired by  cy a couple years ago to check sewer lines finished ir work,  holes dug in  street  weren?t filled wh enough asphalt and have sunk. I?ve rolled my ankle twice when accidentally stepping in  hole in front  my home. Several  my neighbors have similar holes in front  ir homes. I talked anor contractor into filling  hole in front  my house when I spotted him one day doing some unrelated work, but  pavement is still not level, just better than  was.
Pot hole at northbound bus stop.
Deep pothole at  bus stop
In  San Diego border  Scripps Poway Parkway re are about thirty man hole covers that are in  west bound lane, and several in  eastbound Lane. They  are way too deep.  The more you pave  street,  deeper y get. 's a disaster driving on  street you have to maneuver around  manholes. They're definely destroying car suspensions. They jar  hell out  you when you're driving and scare  crap out  you. And y also create a safety hazard because people are maneuvering to get around m.  You should put a spacer on top   potholes or use larger Lids to meet  ground level. Or you could put asphalt on top   lid like I've seen many or places do. So we're not banging into se manholes as we drive to work, 's ridiculous re's no excuse for .
Deep pothole near  middle   street
59th street between Adams and El Cajon Blvd (92115) desperately needs repaving. All or roads in  neighborhood have been paved but appears 59th street was forgotten. Road is bumpy, uneven, cracked wh potholes.
Very bad asphalt crack on downhill east bound bike lane  Genessee just east  John Hopkins Drive.  Bike lane is very narrow and cyclists will pick up speed on  downhill, making  crack and change in pavement surface very dangerous.  Needs to be smood out.  Wh  new bike bridge and bike path to Sorrento Valley Station,  bike lane will see more bike traffic from  Universy.
Please see report number 00205954 & 00230070  . The dangerous beach path was reported on 7/5/17 and n closed on 8/9/17 and  looks exactly  same. No work was ever done. This is a dangerous Life/Safety issue and needs to be repaired before someone gets hurt. This is still an open request and MY THIRD REQUEST.
Deep cracks across road. Two cracks that are annoying as cars and trucks drive over m, right next to my home at 17717 Cumana Terrace.
3X4 POTHOLE
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole on  road going northbound on Briarwood Road near Picasso Drive.  (Actually on Bona side   freeway but don't know who to send report to.)
pothole in row by meter, barricade in place




POTHOLE
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes.
was driving south on morn blvd thru  construction area where y are building  trolley and h a big pothole.  damaged my 19" wheel and made a gash on  side   tire. My tire is about 6months old from being new so i had yo buy anor new tire
Please repair  cracks and potholes on  street. Especially near  manhole cover
Poorly filled pothole at  intersection wh Mission Center road. Where  water shut f Covers are in  middle. Please repair uneven pavement
We you come f  freeway up to San Diego ave..This is a rough ride please repair  SMALL SECTION   street .
String  five potholes on Winchester St between Seascape Dr and Roanoke.
String  potholes on Winchester in front  St Michael's Catholic Church.
Several inch deep and >foot wide pothole on Winchester and Rancho Hills Dr, catty corner to PV Leadership Academy.
Multiple potholes up  street.
Crumbling pothole behind 4044 32nd st
Behind spot 11,9 and 6  orchid apartments in alley
Pothole in alley behind my garage. Awful! Senior complex here too!
  intersection  Siempre Viva Road and Cactus Road,  entire intersection is full  potholes. Please fix  intersect so  asphalt is not dangerous to drive on.
Going north on Fairmount Ave from Montezuma to  traffic signal. PLEASE FIX POTHOLES ON ALL LANES. PLEASE FIX POTHOLES ON ALL LANES. PLEASE FIX POTHOLES ON ALL LANES.
Potholes at Intersection  28th and C St.
Pothole in front  1120 28th St.
Pot holes and cracks asphalt running east west  in front  1123 and 1124 28th street
Pothole in front  1210 28th St.
Potholes in front  1232 to 28th St. Running north and south
Please patch potholes as needed in  alley between Marlborough Ave. and 42nd St. south  El Cajon Blvd.  Mostly concerned about  end   alley towards El Cajon Blvd.  Picture  location is attached.
REF CASE 332797 - STILL HORRIBLE MANY POTHOLES, VERY BUMPY ROAD WORK CANT DRIVE THROUGH FASTER THAN 5 MILES PER HOUR  FROM GRAPE ST TO LAUREL BOTH WAYS
SEVERAL POTHOLES, GOING ALL THE WAY UP HILL!
Potholes on eastbound Del Mar Heights Rd between Signature Point at Hartfield Ave/Carmel Country Road.
Pothole. You drove past  when you filled  or request I filed.
Cracked asphalt forming around  manhole cover, at  intersection  Seagrove Street at Carmel Knolls Drive.
Huge pothole where  gutter meets  street from eastbound Jamie Ave onto southbound Woodman St. Several inches deep, about eight inches long, and at least a foot wide.  felt like  would damage  tire on  school bus I drive.
The whole street from Adams Ave North is a real mess. There are potholes and gauges throughout  whole street. s super bad. s a thoroughfare  sorts and has been neglected for a while. I have talked to neighbors and y have given up trying to get  fixed.
In alley behind Adelaide's on girard.
Going north right lane next to Chase Bank
There are SEVERAL potholes going north onThis street. Please kindly repair m all
There are SEVERAL potholes going north please repair
Pothole westbound lanes between 18th Street and Thermal Avenue on Coronado Avenue









Area around manhole cover cracked and broken creating damage to vehicles going over . All  San Bernardo terrace 92114 needs slurry seal or overlay.
Big holes along  road
Many potholes in alley behind address

There are potholes all along  sides  College Gardens Ct.  They are really bad at  corner  Hewlett.  Please repair m.  Thanks.
Potholes
 about  location, in southbound LJ SHores Blvd, large new pothole
New pothole in  intersection
 about  location, new pothole in northbound LJ Shores
potholes in street
Potholes in front  1382 Rodeo Dr need to be filled asap. Contact is Daphne at 917-699-7226
Pothole at 38th and National
The paving along  edge   street is severely broken up, creating a trip hazard.
Few inches deep and >foot wide pothole at Dissinger and Kausman.
Cabela Drive has elongated potholes and cracks that are getting longer.
Few inch deep and >foot wide pothole at Goetze and Seascape.
Multiple potholes, several inches deep sand >foot wide, at crosswalk  Seascape and Tres Lomas.
Several inch deep pothole, at least two feet wide
There's a huge pothole on 52nd ST. Before universy ave.
pothole gets bigger every day
805south freeway at miramesa blvd ex big pothole, slow lane
Third time reporting . Closed and ignored every time. The entire alley is in terrible disrepair!
Pothole
Nasty pothole on  corner  Albatross and West Juniper in Bankers Hill
The entire stretch  Upas leading to Morley Field Drive is such a mess. You have four deep active potholes on any given day causing damage to our vehicles. 's been over two years  disruption. Re pave  stretch or pay for my new alignment!
Located in  alley behind Lauretta Street, directly behind 5648 Lauretta building,  newer green building.  Thank you
Street was never paved when all ors were paved in OB
s a curled down black top that leads to an open hole and s hollow under  .looks like  is going to be a sink hole if more water gets in or  will collapse if a heavy truck goes over  . I looked inside and  dirt is about a foot down from  street level
There is a large pothole, about 8-9ft long x 3-4ft wide, in  alleyway behind  building for 5648, 5650, 5652, & 5654 Lauretta St(in between Lauretta and Mildred st)  has grown in size (probably about doubled) in  last couple months.  is at  size where no vehicles can pass through  alley whout hting  and is especially a hinderance for us living in 5652 Lauretta St, as  is directly in front  our driveway and we have to drive over  multiple times per day to enter our garage.
Sink hole at Chantilly Ave and Elyssee St., beside manhole cover.  Getting deeper.
Raised manhole cover
Entire blocks  badly damaged asphalt and potholes.
Badly damaged asphalt and speed bump from decades  asphalt.
For  500th time going NORTH on Fairmount between Montezuma Rd up to traffic signals. ALL 3 lanes have potholes on m. Why are you not fixing m? Explain please
Please repair NEW POTHOLES on Montezuma Rd going east. New potholes on both lanes
Pothole on Montezuma Road by Senior Ponchos
Pothole
Series  deep potholes. On  north bound direction  Clairemont drive.
BUDD MARSH @ 619-987-0948 SINKHOLE FORMING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE STREET. HE MENTIONED THAT A CONSTRUCTION CREW SEEMED TO FINISH THE JOB BUT LEFT THE SINKHOLE. HAZARD ON VEHICLES. IT IS IN FRONT OF THE ADDRESS
Multiple potholes along  on ramp to balboa garnet roundabout
Potholes
Pothole
Aporox 1ft square, 3 to 4" deep on deep side.
Big pothole in entrance  5 south freeway
Big bump on freeway entrance
Big holes in  street...very rough to drive on
Pothole
Right lane (not ex lanes) right before Mira Mesa Blvd ex.
Pothole
Large bump in street
Problem reported 6 months ago still exists. Trip HAZARD.
Big pot hole on Fanuel Street between Reed and Thomas Ave. north side at alley.
entire block  morena blvd and avati dr. hazard.
Paola Way is in poor condion. Please fill in potholes and patch up  area surrounding 4441 Paola Way.
There are se real potholes on Winnett between Federal and Radio Dr. Rocks from pavement all over. Very Dangerous!!!
All  Winnett St between Federal and Radio dr several potholes and huge rocks that pop up if u run over m. Very Dangerous!!!
Multiple potholes between Federal Bl. and Tooley St

Hole needs filling next to grate. Past corner  Camino Ryone and Calle Paracho.
Big pot hole
Concrete is broken and has hole from . Needs to take out concrete and fill in completely around metal lid at corner  Corte Guera and Calle Vivienda.
Potholes  whole street needs a lot  help
Pothole
Hard to tell from pic, but sunk in pothole
ALL STREET AROUND HERE WERE RESURFACED OR SLURRY, AND THIS STREET WAS MISSED.
There are huge cracks and potholes up and down  street!
POTHOLE JUST BEFORE LEMON GROVE CITY LIMITS BY UNERPASS
Pothole
Mercury St & Balboa Av, San Diego, CA 92111, USA to 4720 Mercury St, San Diego, CA 92111, USAPlease resurface north and south deep cracks potholes
Please resurface Clairemont Mesa Blvd in both directions east and west, street has many cracks, open potholes, missing pavement in both directions: 9777 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92124 to 4975 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117.  Intersection  shawline is  worse,
4209 Mission Bay Dr, San Diego, CA 92109 to 4821 Bella Pacific Row, San Diego, CA 92109  road is badly torn up wh many deep cracks, potholes, open cracks please patch and put  street to have  resurfaced.  The damage is in both north and south directions.  Please repair asap  dangerous road.
POTHOLE
Cracked cement gutter and potholes at  intersection. Problem is worsening and prudent, timely repair, prior to  rainy, winter season is advised.  The cracked cement has also created a hazard for pedestrians (trip and fall), bicyclists and strollers. Addionally,  red curbs need painting to correct existing faded paint,
Pothole
Located 5641 roswell st san Diego 20 feet east  stop sign chucks  asphalt flying across  street causing danger to pedestrian. Entire street coming up. A very dangerous suation. Thanks
Multiple potholes
Deep potholes on both sides  morena blvd. Next to McGraw street.
Pothole wh water leaking from  - no water running from  landscaping.  Hoping  isn't a bag water pipe under  street.  Hoping to catch  before a sink hole starts
Series  potholes, 4 or 5 along  north right hand lane  Morena,  largest is closer to  first cross street near Isabella Pizza
Pothole filled up wh water behind senior center. Worried about gammies. Behind spot 10-11
Alley pothole really bad
Damaged road at end  driveway causing water flooding.
Potholes in front  fire hydrant at corner.
There is a pothole and gap between  edge   pavement and  start   bridge on  east side   west bound lane  Pomerado Rd as  crosses over I-15.
2 bad ones north  Point Loma Blvd on Sports Arena Blvd going north towards I-8. Also from Groton St to Sport Arena Blvd going east is horrible.  Thank you and have a nice day!
There is a pothole in  middle   road in front  Mira Mesa High School on Mira Mesa Blvd.
2 huge potholes ,  cement is lifting and can really damage  whole bottom  a car undercarriage ,tire and rim.This is not a simple pot hole patch

Uneven pavement & pooling water
Street needs resurfacing from Tirana to Almayo Ct. online said  was scheduled, now  Is not. The street was marked for paving, and n nothing happened.
You're putting Band-Aids on a cancer.  The whole block needs to be properly repaved!
Giant pothole.


Ever since  Dylan apt complex has been built  road is extremely torn up The large trucks used during construction is 100% responsible for  's getting worse & has now been close to 2 yrs Was hasn't  developers  Dylan repaired ?  should not be paid for by  taxpayers Please have Dylan repair  street! Thank you!
Recent insallation   30" watermain replacement project left concrete pavement in Upas Street severely cracked and "alligatored".
Raised manholes causing major issue for drivers as y try to avoid m - need se potholes made level wh paving.
Potholes in street.
pothole at  location
Pothole
Middle  collingwood
There is a very large pothole at n entrance to  Villas at Capricorn condominium complex on Camino Ruiz.  has been re for over a month, and has two orange cones to warn oncoming cars.  The hole makes  very difficult to drive into  complex.  Some asphalt was placed in  pothole by  Water Department, when y determined that re is no water leak.   needs to be repaired ASAP.
Please fix a Pothole, s  second time I trip. Plus right in front is Graffi on Garage.  Please fix  Pothole.  Very Dangerous and we have a Senior Living close.  Plus we have different cars illegal parking.  Sorry for making  long.  Put  street does need some work.  Thank you so much.
Pothole at end  driveway
Old rectangular surface patch in  asphalt is not level wh  current road grading;  has raised corners and edges and is rough on vehicles to drive over.  Requesting that  rectangular patch be resurfaced flush wh surrounding road grade; made level wh  road asphalt. The road defect is in  middle southbound lane up near  intersection.
P/HS IN AREA
>inch deep >foot wide pothole at intersection  Seascape and Calle Tres Lomas
>inch deep >foot wide pothole in street to side  church, in front  6222
Street in bad condion
There is a long, wide groove in  bike path in front   business driveway.  runs parallel to  direction  bike travel.  is hazardous because a bike tire could easily get wedged into  and  cyclist could crash.  is unseeable at night or dusk.
Pothole
This is  worst pot hole repair I have seen!  Didn't even repair all  
POTHOLE NORTHBOUND, ABOUT 100 FT SOUTH OF INTERSECTION
There is a large pothole or a strip missing in  pavement just past  Sorrento Valley Ex on  805 Freeway.  When I h  My car did a bang.   is in  middle lanes.  I ended up at Discount Tire wh a leaking tire.  This could cause an accident in heavy traffic.
There's a large pothole/depressed manhole cover when turning out   Vons Plaza,  's been re a while, and is pretty inconvenient. I'm hoping  is fixable by  cy, thank you if you can fill  in or make  cover level!
Pothole and Asphalt  chunks in  street.
The road is rutted and has numerous potholes. The road has not been paved in over 20 years.
West bound Commercial at 30th-pothole in middle   street.  Flew f motorcycle on 4/11/2018.
From 5830 Universy to 5990 Universy Ave. re is very bad pot holes. Please send someone to have se issues fixed.


Lots  pot holes
Pothole in  middle  Nordstad Street across from 750 Nordstad Street.
POTHOLE
East  Scripps Poway Parkway from I-5 ex to Springbrook Drive/Angelique Street. This section needs a major road upgrade.
There is a water marker that needs to be filled wh asphalt.  is sticking out and makes  street uneven.  is located at  met  Arruza street and Del Sol lane.
HUGE pothole in front  421 28th street.
Long pothole along curb/gutter in front  17321 Grandee PL. Please repair.
Pothole on corner  Prado Pl and Prado Rd.
Pothole and cracking in front  17285 Prado Rd.
Pothole and cracking in front  17265 Prado Rd along  curb/gutter.
Multiple large cracks in  cul-de-sac. The cracks are 2 to 4 inches wide and run across  entire street at multiple locations on Prado way. Repairs to 4 different cracks in  short cul-de-sac are needing repair
Pothole in middle  street in front  17232 Prado Rd.
Previously repaired cracks and potholes have returned and are getting worse on  deteriorating street. Many repairs are needed, but overlay should be considered in  near future. Cracks and potholes are causing a significant amount  gravel to be spread on  street surface as cars drive over  failing repairs.
Potholes and cracks are needing repair. Potholes and cracks riddle  street. You will find a spots needing repair about every 10 feet for most   length  Francisco Dr.
Potholes and cracks in need  repair.
Multiple cracks and potholes on both sides  gutter.
Numerous potholes and cracks needing repair.
significant holes are starting to form wb beech east  6th
Disintegrating street numerous asphalt repairs needed.
Pothole that has deteriorated into a very large section  sunken asphalt. Top 2 to 3 inches  asphalt are gone, turned into gravel that covers much   street. Numerous repairs needed at 17453 Carnton Way. Put
There is a pothole that is about a foot and a half wide in diameter
Big pot hole on street. Someone came and filled some potholes but s a mess....and y totally missed  main pothole. Street near culdesac needs repaving entirely.
Going EAST on Aero Dr  right lane has a deep pothole
Between Alice St and 59th St small pothole on street
There are potholes in  intersection  59th St and Madison Ave
Pothole
Pothole huge right after Pizza Hut before rmal st
In  alley between Idaho & Utah
huge pothole
pothole
Numerous potholes.
Pothole on SeaWorld Dr Eastbound on North lane. See photo. Anor pothole on  same lane anor 15-20 yards east.
Big potholes on westbound lane @ Home Ave. There are smaller potholes that need patching on  segment  road, not shown in image. Thank you.
pothole has been repaired at east 3 times in  30 years
large potholes along  rd
Reoccurring pothole .... getting bigger again

we have a few employees who drive motorcycles and  could potentially be dangerous for m to drive over  road.
Pothole just past  lim line southbound Park Blvd inside  intersection wh Village Place.
Pothole
Very corroded pavement
Multiple potholes
2 new large potholes one at  intersection and anor just east 100 feet approx east bound. Thanks .
 northwest side  intersection  Scott St and Upshur St  is an unfilled narrow utily trench over concrete since new underground water line installed 2? years ago This narrow trench needs asphalt overlay across Upshur St at intersection so re's a smooth transion from concrete street to Scott Street. Looks like contractor simply forgot to come back and lay some asphalt. Thanks !
3 potholes in  right lane  southbound Park Blvd between Zoo Place and  MTS Routes #7 & #215 bus stop.
POTHOLES ALL THE WAY TO THE SCHOOL
Our Street Clove, between Fenelon and Emerson is part   Sewer and AC Water group 764 replacements.    The water line trench was patched evenly,  but  sewer pipe is a different story.  There are large deep holes at  two ends   line and a number  or smaller holes/depressions in  center-line  Clove St,  Work has been stopped for  last two weeks. There is equipment and materials still sting in  street. We are still hooked up to temporary water pipes that have created big bumps as we use our driveways.  I understand that  new water line was bacteria tested and passed.  When will se temporary surface pipes be removed?  Also  pressure has been sometimes higher than normal, but most   times lower and  cold water is hot in  afternoon.  Our pressure regulator by our shut f valve has begun leaking.
Deep Hole
POT HOLES ON MAIN ROAD FRONT OF MY HOUSE WERE POORLY REPAIRED AND ITS BEEN LIKE THIS FOR MONTHS
There is a major lift  asphalt where  abuts  concrete bridge going out harbor drive as you travel toward  airport.  been re for months...getting worse
There is a pothole in  middle   road in  norrn area  Businesspark Ave, specifically on  inner left lane after turning left on Willow Creek Rd.
If you head south on Genesee and are in  left lane, re is a large pothole here
Pothole in  intersection  19th St. at Broadway. Pothole has gotten much bigger since  image was taken by Streetview.
Pothole in  westbound middle lane  N. Harbor Drive.
Correction, pothole is located  westbound #2 lane. Please close Report #02416281 as I accidentally reported that pothole in a nonexistent middle lane.
Pothole in  westbound #2 lane  N. Harbor Dr. Located between  Cell Phone Lot intersection and Liberator Way.
Pothole inside  intersection  N. Harbor Drive at Winship Lane.  would be located where  westbound #1 lane  N. Harbor Drive passes through  intersection.
Two very big potholes that make driving a motorcycle dangerous.
Pot hole  getting bigger down to dirt
Good morning, at  entrance  my street re is a long and wide crack that basically covers  whole entrance   street. 's pretty deep and hard to avoid because that's  only way to enter  street. Please fill up  pothole,   sounds bad when you drive over  in a car.
Corner  Cabela Drive and Duenda.  is a smallish hole that  tires h wh every right turn from Cabela onto Duenda. Corner where asphalt joins cement. Souast corner   intersection.
Road is in bad shape. Asphalt starting to come up.
59th street between Adams and El Cajon Blvd (92115) desperately needs repaving. All or roads in  neighborhood have been paved but appears 59th street was forgotten. Road is bumpy, uneven, cracked wh potholes.
Pothole by 27th and Coronado. North   police station.
Numerous potholes on North side  entire street.
STREET TORN UP/CRACKS IN ST/ HOLE IN FRONT OF HOUSE. SOMEONE FELL
Por hole in  intersection  28th and Imperial
SEVERAL POTHOLES BY THE HONDA DEALERSHIP N./B


The next 4 blocks are very rough.  There are potholes/cracking along both sides   road, most   way to Mt. Abernathy/Warhawk.
Multiple potholes
Pothole
All along Alvarado Canyon Road re are pot holes that need filled
Potholes eastbound Genesee where  bridge stops and  school speed lim sign is posted
Potholes in  westbound middle lane  Friars Rd between  San Diego River bridge & Santo Road.

TEST, TEST, DO NOT PROCESS TO SAP
This pothole is que large and affects anyone who drives over . There are many more right around  area and all up and down Mesa Madera Drive.
Large pothole on south lane  Riesling Dr at 10664. Large chunks  asphalt in roadway & gutter. Hazard to vehicles & especially to cyclists
Number 2 lane westbound
Number 1 eastbound lane
Road Hazard. A hump / bump (not a pothole) developed due to accelerating or decelerating traffic where  PCC pavement meets  asphalt. Some drivers come to a complete stop to avoid going over  bump at speeds  25 mph or faster, endangering or drivers. West side  intersection San Vicente St and Worthington St
 entrance to apartment parking lot. Two weeks!
Huge hole in  ground a tire could potentially get stuck in..
Multiple small to large pothole along 7300-7400 blocks  Princess View Dr, north bound. Chunks  asphalt have been dislodged and scattered on road and sidewalk. One extra large hole in left lane in front  7317 Princess Vw Dr, two smaller ones in front  7331 Princess Vw Dr; one large and one small just before driveway to 7401, and two small ones in front   driveway.
Manhole cover on La Jolla colony drive 100 feet west  Porte la Paz (westbound) getting very loose and starting to give a loud CLANK for every car that drives by.
Pothole
See  pothole on  picture? Several  m going east on Montezuma.  all begins in  ramp up to Collwood
See  pothole on  picture? Several  m going east on Montezuma.  all begins in  ramp up to Collwood
See  pothole on  picture? Several  m going east on Montezuma.  all begins in  ramp up to Collwood
Roots from Torrey Pine tree have caused significant buckling and damage to  street.
Chunks  roadway gone & have been for some time.
This street needs more than a pothole repair;  needs to be completely resurfaced. The 5700 block  Roswell St. San Diego, CA 92114 between Kelton Rd. and Old Memory Lane is lerally disintegrating. There are large chunks  blacktop in  middle   street next to several large potholes. There appears to be numerous locations where previous potholes have been filled, but  job was poorly done and wasn?t leveled down properly.

HELLO;   TO WHOM THIS REQUEST REACHES. EL CAJON BLVD IN FRONT OF RALPHS GROCERY STORE. THE STREET IS LIKE A WAR ZONE. WHY PAVE A ROAD  WHEN IT LOOKS LIKE THAT?  THE BUMPY ROADS LASTS SEVERAL CITY BLOCKS. I THANK YOU FOR TAKING THE TIME TO READ THIS.
Actual location for  ticket is SCRIPPS POWAY PARKWAY. I have put in already 2 tickets to have m "repair', repair, resurface, replace" y AGAIN closed both tickets saying that  work was done when  hasn't! 42,000 cars us ate on  road DAILY. NOTHING HAS BEEN DONE TO THIS ROAD FOR THE 20 YEARS THAT I HAVE LIVED IN SCRIPPS RANCH VILLAGES NEIGHBORHOOD!!! I HAVE BEEN LIED TO FIR THE PAST 1.5 YEARS SAYING IT WAS GOING TO BE DONE, AND HERE WE ARE AGAIN WITH NO ACTION!!!
The entire street  Pol Ave is cracked, making  difficult for people to drive and bike on. Thanks for fixing  alleys yet  street remains complete unsafe and a hazard to  residents.

>2inch >1ft pothole at entrance to alley
potholes down  entire street
whole road is like  del rose and san vicente
pothole
Located on Mabel bell lane ally in front  our house) is a horrid display  much needed potholes, street repairs, raised metal. I have lived here for 17 years, and filed several complaints over that time. potholes have been patched, but never effectively.  street fills up like a lake after a 5 minute rain. My young kids now 6 and 3 have both gotten hurt, most recently on a new work that was done wh a raised metal cover, twisted ankle and a fall on a tricycle. My neighbors and I are sick and tired  having to deal wh , and I have been approached by m to reach out;  is my final attempt;  normal fillers don't work and create or issue. please advise.
Pothole
Pothole in  intersection
Pothole
There are many potholes on se streets and  intersection  m that need repairing and repaving.  Please do  asap.  We have been complaining   issue to Barbra Bry for que some time and have even blown out tires in  area.
This street also has many grooves and potholes that need filling and repaving.
Pothole
Multiple potholes on  service road on  corner  San Carlos and lake Murray. One  which is very large. There have been potholes here for multiple years that get filled and n come back after  rains, y have never been permanently fixed.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole

Several inch deep, >ft wide pothole catty corner to PVL Elementary
Corner  Iowa and polk at hydrant.  is bad if you go a ltle furr away from polk on Iowa also.

Street in poor condion
Pot hole
Pot hole
(3-4 pot holes) on north bound lane


Deep pothole at intersection  brandywine street
The entire street is a mess but  your process will not let me upload all  pictures.
Potholes from 4400 to 4699 Mission Bay Dr. Contact is Rodger at 619-261-3362
Large pothole 2' dia by 1 1/2' deep. Contact is Ismael from MTS at 619-238-1325
Manhole covered wh asphalt is deteriorated. Claim reported to Cy  SD Risk Dept regarding tire damage. Reporting on behalf  constuent. Please send eval and make appropriate repairs.  Thank you.
Wbound Tierrasanta Blvd approx. 1000' west  Santo Rd. lane 2
Bad road
Our street is awful! There is NO street in Clairemont I have seen that is more cracked and damaged. The road is so cracked I can go to  middle  my street and lerally pick up large chunks  road.
There is a pothole in front  Mossy dealership near  cross walk on North Mission Bay Drive that straddles both  #1 and #2 lanes. Reported  incident for constuent that filed a claim wh Cy  SD Risk Management.  Please eval, & send out crew for repairs. Thank you.
  base   driveway apron, and encroaching along  curb  a highly used street parking area,  a giant pot hole approximately fifteen (15) feet long by three (3) feet wide and eight (8) inches deep is effecting  street parking and entrance/exing  housing/apartments.   This giant pothole is causing damages to vehicles and issues wh parking, including verbal altercations among neighbors.
Potholes between 7375-7385 Convoy Ct in  eastbound lane.
Pothole in front  7833 Via Capri SD CA 92037. Please have crew eval and repair. Thank you. Filing  report on behalf  a constuent.
Pothole on eastbound Buenos Ave, just barely past Naples Place.
Pothole forming around  manhole cover, on Buenis Ave very near where  intersects wh Naples Place.
Pothole still not fixed. I originally reported  in Report #02357267 which was closed. Located on southbound Morena Blvd immediately past  intersection wh Buenos Ave.
A pair  potholes reopened on southwestbound Linda Vista Rd immediately past  intersection wh Marian Way/Mildred Street located in  right through lane.
Pothole on northbound Morena Blvd about 50-80 feet past  intersection wh Buenos Ave.
Balboa Ave. between Charger St. and Mt. Culebra is falling into a state  such disrepair that  poses a safety risk to all who use .  is full  potholes, cracks, ruts and crumbling asphalt. This is a heavy traffic area and very unsafe at  speeds posted due to  lack  repaving/ maintenance!
Pothole on westbound Ingulf St about 10-15 feet prior to  intersection wh Chicago St.
Pothole on westbound Ingulf St inside  intersection wh Chicago St.
8950-9099 Dunholme St lots  potholes, street buckling. Weeds growing out  potholes. Unsafe for cyclist, cars and peds.
Pothole at  very beginning   Soledad Park Road entrance.
Telephone sidewalk cover 6th Ave between Island and J Street on west side near Omnia
Pothole inside  crosswalk at  intersection  Tecolote Rd at Morena Blvd, near  norrn corner   intersection. 's where  right through lane  northbound Morena Blvd would oretically continue through.
Pothole on Via Capri (eastbound direction on  stretch between 7536 Via Capri and Via Barletta. Right by  "slight right curve ahead" advisory sign.
Pothole on Via Capri (eastbound through  particular stretch) very near   driveway for 7622 Via Capri.
Pothole in  northbound La Jolla Scenic Drive S. onramp where  meets wh La Jolla Pkwy. actual location is in  link.https://goo.gl/maps/tCvWwm2NXHm
Potholes in  right eastbound lane  La Jolla Pkwy, just past  onramp from northbound La Jolla Scenic Dr S.
Multiple potholes across both lanes  eastbound La Jolla Pkwy, just prior to  "SR-52/I-805 Left Lane/South I-5 Right Lane" sign.
Pothole in  right lane  eastbound La Jolla Pkwy, just past  "SR-52/I-805 Left Lane/South I-5 Right Lane" sign.
Potholes both directions
Potholes both directions
Pothole on northbound Morena Blvd right by  bus stop.
Anor pothole on northbound Morena Blvd between  two driveways for 1411 Morena Blvd.
Couple  more potholes on northbound Morena Blvd just before Lehigh St.
Anor pothole on northbound Morena Blvd, about 10-20 feet prior to  driveway for Bayside Motors.
Pothole in northbound Morena Blvd, just before  turn lanes open up for  intersection  W. Morena Blvd/Morena Blvd.
Trip  potholes in  right turn lane Morena Blvd just leading up to  intersection  W. Morena Blvd/Morena Blvd.
Subsidence surrounding  utily cover which creates a pothole like jolt. Not sure if  cover belongs to any   Cy's utilies departments or SDG&E. Located in  right lane  northbound Morena Blvd.
Upper Elliott street is crumbling! Potholes cracks and chunks  pavement coming up!
Pothole on Balboa. Center lane heading west, just west  Charger Blvd. Cars are swerving to avoid.
Depression forming in bike lane in EB College Grove Dr at start  right turn pocket before Camano Chollas.
Asphalt sidewalk needs repair adjacent to EB College Grove Way approx 100 ft west  Camino Chollas
On electric ave behind holiday inn , turning into a sinkhole!
Pothole
Going north on Afton Rd pothole that is deep
Potholes on Afton Rd at  block
Going west on Montezuma Rd re is a pothole on  right lane
Bad pothole right at entrance. From federal onto  freeway and all  way up Kelton ex ramp
There is a pothole that has been here for awhile and I have reported . You closed my previous request as you believe your crew fixed  but y did not. The only thing  looks like y did was spray  wh oil.  is now a darker color pothole wh no asphalt filling. This makes  harder to see  pothole and more dangerous for drivers on  curve. Do your job and do  right and FIX IT!!
Pothole
On 52nd street driving less than 12 mph h a big bump, no signs or road markings indication a big bump.  Only a sign saying 15 mph.  Damaged car 4/19/2018.
The street is grilled wh potholes. We have been here 14 years and you can tell that no new asphalt has ever been laid.
Pothole heading eastbound on La Jolla village drive near where  left hand turn lanes open up
3 feet long Neighbor tripped. On asphalt just by sidewalk entering my carport 3" deep. Needs asphalt covering ASAP. Thank you !
Two >2inch deep potholes in front  6140
Two >2 inch deep potholes in front  2662 and 2655
2 pot holes
TEST, TEST.  Do NOT process to SAP.
I am requesting that our alley be paved. Although my address is on 72nd St, which is paved, we are on  corner  Saranac alley that is not paved.  is a dirt alley. During rainy times,  dirt washes down onto our property and into  street. For  past year or more, re has been  construction  new condos down  alley. The heavy machinery has torn up  street more than we have orwise experienced in 11 years  ownership here.  has also damaged our paver stone parking spot and our block wall. I have wnessed some  se extremely large vehicles scrape up large divots in  alley. This week,  looks like y may be paving  very small section directly in front   condos, but we have not heard anything about  part   alley that we and many neighbors have to drive on, park on, and live on every day. Our part   alley that has always been a b troublesome has now been torn up by  heavy machinery and will experience much more traffic once  condos are completed.
Pot holes
Pothole in middle  residential neighborhood
re's a pothole near a manhole going into  neighborhood
There is a foot long pot hole in  middle   road.
There is a pothole on Valdes drive that is horrible for  cars that drive over . Please fix  ASAP!
Anor pothole on Valdes drive that needs some fixing as soon as possible!
Driving over  pothole is not fun so please fix . 's on  main road  Valdes dr in La Jolla.
Pothole
Very large pot hole. 's been fixed before but continues to opens up over & over. Today I h  wh my right front tire.  needs to be fixed permanently  time!!!!!!
There is a deep, long pothole by one  our driveways to our business.   is a safety hazard and could possibly even cause tires to pop getting in or out   driveway.
When  cy put in  new ADA accessible ramps on all four corners   street, still have one corner left to do. Their concrete was poured way too low from  street and  is ruining peoples shocks and cars when y come around  corner, especially mine living at  corner house right here.  is very dangerous on my motorcycle as well
Street buckled and caused a LIFT in  pavement or bump please repair and even  out. Mostly on  southbound lane. Thank you
PLEASE FIX THE SEVERAL POTHOLES ON BOTH LANES GOING EAST. NEW POTHOLES AGAIN THIS MORNING
Pot holes throughout  street Jack  619-479-1815
Many pot holes and street is broken up all over  entire street needs to be resurfaced
Road in poor condion
Street in need  repair
Pot holes
Pot holes
Large pot hole on  street.  can cause accidents and/or vehicle damage
Entrance to Friars Rd East has a huge pothole which probably damaged my front right wheel on my BMW which is $1500 each rim.
Multiple potholes in  far right lane heading north on Mission Gorge.
Pothole
This pothole caused a flat tire today.
I need  Cy to fix  ?deep hole lip? which is about 6 inch deep.Guest leaving my home to get to ir cars are tripping on . is very hard to see and specially at night. The street pavement looks even but  is not.Please help me take care   issue as  is very dangerous and I do met want to be involved in a liabily su incase someone trips and brakes ir hip etc??
They took  info and I haven?t heard a word and nothing has been done.  Beadnell Way and Mt. Abernathy intersection.  I?m just talking about  intersection going north to south or south to north.  La Casa Balboa is a senior/disabled complex and most residents use walkers, wheelchairs, canes or are unsteady on ir feet.  is hazardous to cross  intersection for many  us. Personally I have slammed to a jarring halt having run into a crack, pothole, etc.  please spend an hour and fix .  Thanks
There are two large, growing potholes in  middle   intersection  Camino Estrellado and Navajo Road.  You can't miss m when you turn left f  Navajo on to Camino Estrellado.
big pothole, one  many between here and Cardiff on San Vicente
Biggest pot hole known to man. Please fix . Practically ruined both  my rims
large pothole in  intersection on Mound ave, Barclay ave and Birchwood.
TRENCH WAS REPORTED TO RISK DEPT 08/30/18 AND REPAIRED SHORTLY AFTER. HOWEVER, THE ASPHALT CAME OFF YET AGAIN. PLEASE COME AND REPAIR AS A CAR MAY FALL INTO HOLE. THE PLATES ARE TEE TOTTERING ACCORDING TO THE CONSTITUENT. REPORTED ON BEHALF OF CONSTITUENT 10/11/18 @ 2PM.
Market Street from 60th to 32nd street has many potholes and is in poor road condion.  is a bike route (wh sharrows) and  condion   road makes  unsafe for cyclists . The outside edges   street are what need  most repair. These street edges push me furr into  center   lane, which cause drivers to cross  double yellow lines to pass. If you could put  on your list, that would be great!
Multiple potholes between Federal Bl and Tooley St.
Deep , huge pothole! Rim buster!
There are many potholes on Bessemer St. between Armada Terrace and Rosecrans St.
In sidewalk on Napa St  left turn lane onto Linda Vista Rd . needs filling in. Thanks.
The potholes were filled in (kind ) before...but did ltle good to correct  problem.  I fracture my back in June   year (not your problem) and now able to get out for doctors appt. etc.... but have brace myself when my care giver drives over  potholes...re is no way to avoid m as y are in front  my driveway
Potholes in road
Not sure if  is CalTrans or Cy  SD but re needs to be filled again a pothole not on Mission Bay Dr but on  I-5 southbound  f ramp to Sea World Dr just at  end   concrete bridge over Tecolote Creek where  asphalt starts. Thanks for filling  pothole re recently but that asphalt has sunk and re needs about 7 more shovel fulls  more asphalt to make a smooth transion from concrete to asphalt roadway. Will subm similar request to Cal Trans as you both closed  request whout disclosing which  you did  work. Thanks !
>2 inch deep, foot wide pothole in front  2818
I DRIVE THROUGH THIS STREET EVERYDAY AND I STILL SEE THE SAME HOLE THERE AND NOT REPAIRED OR FILLED IN WITH CONCRETE.
There's a large long pothole area in  street just before  joint driveways  5468 and 5460 Forbes Ave.  Would  be possible to have  area filled?   actually catches  spoiler on  car when leaving and entering  driveway.  Thank you.
>1inch deep, >1ft wide pothole 2ft north  yellow crosswalk line at Seascape and Calle Tres Lomas when driving north on Calle Tres Lomas.
There is a large (2-lane wide) pothole in  left turn lanes from eastbound La Jolla Village drive to Genesee Avenue.
Scripps Ranch Blvd was resurfaced, but  well lids were never brought up to  new road surface level. So  is  a very bumpy road now.
 pothole right by  light on  eastbound slow lane  fairmount ave
P
Testing system.  Please cancel
large pothole causes car to THUD on San Anselmo St before turning right onto San Joaquin Dr. Hard to see and avoid  pothole because   hilly terrain.
Pothole
Huge/ deep pothole on ramp from Mission Center to Friar Eastbound. Rim buster!
Large area patched by Cy PUD. Now cracking, and piled up in street. Large pile created by asphalt is 1 foot above street level.
Pothole
Wrecked my 24" wheel on Wednesday October 10, 2018 approx 1:30pm. Huge dangerous hole. The hole is in  on ramp to Friars road east from Mission Center drive
There are a few new potholes on westbound Camino del Norte between I-15 and Bernardo Center Dr.
Mississippi St at Myrtle Ave. This is not really a "pothole." Rar  is two horizontal shallow dches created when underground piping was replaced. These two "dches" really rack  car's suspension driving over m.  This could easily be fixed by filling in  horizontal dches wh asphalt.
Large pothole on  on-ramp from Mission Center Rd to Friars Rd, going east.
Pothole at our bus terminal at-- Front St & Arbor Dr #12009.
The dirt alley part os Saranac needs to be paved.  gets deteriorated, holey, and washed away each rainy season. There has been construction wh lots  heavy equipment for about a year and y tearing up  road more than ever in our 1 years  home ownership.
Resurface from 4347 Berwick Dr, San Diego, CA 92117 to 6130 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111 please resurface  road in both directions  has open cracks, uneven pavement, broken pavement, and potholes.  This road has traffic that goes 50 miles when  posted speed is 25 mph.
LARGE POTHOLES
The entire street is in bad shape
On on ramp to Friars Road East from Mission Center Rd. Pretty big hole.
Very bad road
Street repair desperately needed!!!  Street surface from 28th street from ocean view to Treat street is a total mess and becoming dangerous. Cars are swerving into oncoming lanes to miss  potholes and damaged road surface. Thanks
As you drive through  intersection from jacaranda to Arnold re is a pothole in  road.
New pothole at intersection  Kenyon St and Kemper St in  cross walk needs filling. Thanks .
New pothole at north corner Del Monte Ave and Catalina Bl intersection just as you turn right from Catalina Bl southbound to west bound Del Monte Ave needs filling in and compacted.

PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE ON THE EASTBOUND RAMP FROM MISSION CENTER TO FRIARS EAST
SINKHOLE OPENED UP. VEH STUCK IN SINKHOLE WITH PERSON STILL IN THERE VEH
Numerous potholes and  damaged asphalt
My THREE or repaired tickets were CLOSED and NOT REPAIRED!! I was told surely from  Mayor's fice that repair, resurface, replace  Scripps Poway Parkway would start LAST year. Now I'm being told by Mark.Kersey's fice that  "promise" for July 2018 is being delayed AGAIN and at  time  project might not start  year. I have lived f Scripps Poway Parkway for over 20.years!! No Maintenance has occurred during that time!!! s ruining people's front end alignments, and tires.
There are multiple unfilled holes following months  water main replacement in front  multiple addresses.  streets which have been covered in Dirt 4 months now finally had an opportuny to get washed away during  rain but because  several unfilled holes, more mud has accumulated and spread all over  street. Please address immediately.
Failed cover on Mesa Madera Drive.  New construction.
Large pothole in  left lane.
Multiple potholes on westbound Genesee Avenue.

Mud no asapht gone leave behind by construction worker
Potholes and uneven, broken street  entirety   street. I have lived here since 2007 and  street has needed  before I ever moved here. Or streets in  area have been done 2-3x....yet nothing for Oleander Drive, SD, 92106.
This street BADLY needs repaving from end to end.
Elliott street is crumbling!
This road is in need  repair, deep cracks, missing pavement, dangerous bike lane, 2 inch cracks, many potholes in both directions east and west from 3399 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92117 to 6991 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111.  Many   potholes are in  shopping area near McDonalds and Gensee Ave. Please repave  road in both directions, however  potholes and cracks need to be patched before y worse.
Large pothole at El Camino Real and Quater mile drive
Big hole
POTHOLE ON RIGHT SIDE OF ST. IN FRONT OF JACK IN THE BOX.
FORGOT TO PATCH SECTION

Pothole
Intersection wh Cardeno. Recent repair is breaking apart.
Both sides  College Ave are in poor condion. Street was resurfaced not long ago And now 's uneven and wh cracks or holes
Contractor building dorm left College Ave in terrible condion in both directions
Pothole at stop sign intersection
bumpy roads
pothole in second to last lane to  right
There is a pothole in  middle   intersection and cars are constantly driving over .
There is a pothole in  middle   intersection, and cars are constantly running over .
The road in both  Northbound and Southbound lanes are deteriorated wh numerous potholes and cracks that are difficult to avoid.  Probably  worst section is Southbound near  Montezuma ex.
Wing Span Dr., Eagle Ridge Dr., and Soaring Dr. are filled wh potholes throughout.  All three streets need to be re-paved completely.
When will Clairemont Mesa Blvd be repaired/repaved? There are rivers  cracked asphalt and potholes that only get worse wh time. Road is bad from Clairemont Dr. To 163.
Lots  potholes
Cracks and potholes on  2300 block  Chalcedony St. Contact is Mickey at 619-857-2332

Road has many holes and needs resurfacing.  This is a safety issue because people are swerving to miss  holes.  The holes have not been addressed between 2505 Monument Rd and  beginning  Dairy Mart Road in  5 years I have been driving to horse ranch.
Pothole near  middle   southbound lanes  Camino Ruiz just south  Jade Coast Dr
Where  alley crosses over  sidewalk and connects to Landis St. is torn up and needs to be filled.
Large pothole
The Road between Gresham st and Haines st. has had water work done in  block for over 2 years ago. The trenches for that water work have been poorly filled in and are sinking, Making  road condion wash broader like. The work is not completed. a repaving   road in needed!! This is not Acceptable. The roads should be better maintained and repaired.  should be returned back to  condion in which  was before  construction was started.
Pothole is in residential street and deep enough to cause somebody to trip and fall last evening trying to get to ir Uber.
LOTS OF POTHOLES
Large potholes ineven terrain
Big hazard and tire killer! Several big potholes for months and months in Bishops alley, La Jolla
Driving along Scripps Poway Parkway between  block from Cypress Canyon Drive to Angelique St -  entire road is so badly damaged  is damaging our car tires and is dangerous for motorcycles.  The road is in very bad shape and desperately needs to be included in resurfacing soon. Also  lines between lanes have faded making  difficult to see well when turning right from Scripps Poway Parkway onto Angelique St at night for those who vis and don't know  area well. Confusion = injuries.  Thank you.
Lots  potholes traveling south on Fairmount before and after  ex to Montezuma
2 BIG POT HOLE IN THE ST
The pothole is actually on Carthage street. I live on  corner.
Potholes
Alleyway is all broken up..  was fixed a couple  years ago however,  alley is heavily used by people as a short cut.
The section   Evergreen Street from Canon Street to Talbot Street.  Driving on  section   streets,  feels like riding a horse.
There is potholes from 5810 Universy Ave. All  way to 5990 Universy AVE. A service request was already submted some time ago and nothing was completed.
There is a DEEP pot hole on  onramp from Mission Center Road onto Friars Road (near  Shell station). I h  HARD on Thursday night (black asphalt, dark night) and did substantial damage to my car- blowing a tire, requiring balance and alignment, etc.  I went back to see  area and re were at least 4 PATCHED POTHOLES (squares) in a row sort  in  middle   ramp, and one  m was not patched but rar open and deep.  was on a ramp so I could not get a picture, but  is easy to see because   patched potholes in a row
ON RAMP FROM FRIARS TO MISSION CENTER RD, LARGE PATCH IS SUNKEN, CAUSED DAMAGE TO VEHICLE ON THURSDAY 10/11/18
There is a series  deep potholes just outside  driveways   school district bus yard. They have been re for years now, getting larger and more dangerous. Many District employees have to cross  street re and risk falling, and almost all   school buses leaving  yard drive through m daily.
Big pot hole. Many cars are forced to cross yellow lines to miss . Sometimes re's an orange cone in  to help us miss .
Series  potholes
Potholed
sink hole
H pothole on 5/15/2018 intersection  Scripps Hospal & Genesee Ave making left turn on bicycle threw him into lane.

Note:  location is Carmel Mountain Road bike lane. Carmel Mountain Road between Entreken Way and Sedorus Street. They temporarily backfilled a trench in  bike lane and re is a deep hole in  trench.  Very dangerous rut for a bike rider to encounter.  The entire trench is a danger to a bicyclist, similar to  danger wh RR Tracks.
Potholes, crumbling asphalt and perpetually standing water.
Several potholes and chunks  asphalt exist on  intersection  Jodi Street and Hughes Street.  Pothole filling and slurry seal are requested on  intersection, thanks.
Pothole after trolley track
POTHOLES 9100& 9200 BLOCK OF N TORREY PINES RD N/B.
Pothole. 's been weeks. No One has come out to fix.
Potholes are numerous. Please repave!
Camino Ruiz & Calle Morelos, San Diego, CA 92126, USA
Pothole in concrete alley behind Travelodge
POTHOLE E/B
POTHOLE
Our street, Minerva Dr 92114 is riddled wh large cracks and potholes.  appears that our surrounding streets (Woodrow Ave, Lisbon St, Joanna Dr and Marjorie Dr) have been re-paved and Minerva Drive has been over looked for years. Myself and everyone on  street encounter numberous potholes throughout one calender year.  Large pieces  asphalt are a norm. Something needs to get done. This street needs to be re-paved

Road along Camino Del Rio North between Mission Cy Parkway and Rancho Mission Rd is in bad condion. Very tough to ride a bicycle through that stretch  road.  Road has massive potholes and ruts through out. Suggest new asphalt overlay.
p/.hs in area
Mound  asphalt in street
Long large pothole between cement gutter and asphalt. Difficult for handicap person to traverse from parking to driveway.  Dangerous.
Pothole near sidewalk.  Swallows cars.
Hello, so I reported se potholes a couple months ago  year.  was barely covered, but here y are again cracked and open. Please fix se potholes. The communy and I would truly appreciate . Thank you.
Pothole on right hand side  right turn lane towards freeway on-ramp, traveling West, about 100 yards before on-ramp.
Potholes
Going east on  right and left lanes re are large potholes on Montezuma Rd as   morning
FILL ALL POTHOLES, 50-75 YARDS GOING NORTHBOUND ON NORTH HARBOR! CLOSE TO THE AIRPORT.
On Shawline St x street is Clairemont Mesa Blvd.  Directly outside   gas station on  street.  Damaged asphalt around water valve.  Vehicle h on 6/5/2018.
Holes on  streets
Cy water department came and did a terrible job  patching  road after work y did. And now re's a pothole.
s can make people trip and hurt mselves wh walking over 
There is a pothole on  intersection coming f  to Fairbrook Road.
POTHOLE, E/B #1 LANE
Several large potholes in  middle   street in front  my house.  Please repair.
POTHOLE
Street is torn up in front  High School. Lots  potholes, bumps, cracks and loose asphalt. Contact is Judi at 619-384-8271
Massive potholes and bumps in asphalt my daughter already twisted an ankle and fell down and almost got h by a car repair  road before  cy and  high school gets sued
Road has several uneven dips and potholes caused damage to vehicle
Road has several uneven dips and potholes caused damage to vehicle
Road has several uneven dips and potholes caused damage to vehicle
The pavement at  bottom  Hillside Drive at Torrey Pines Rd is all chewed up from truck tailgates that scrape  as y ascend Hillside. This disturbed pavement creates a deadly hazard for bicyclists. The grooves catch your wheel. I almost crashed re  morning. Please patch .
Gresham & Garnet.  Crossing Gresham at norrn crosswalk- fell in pothole in  crosswalk on 8/13/2018.
Hole around plate is ALL broken. Cars are breaking  more and creating a bigger hole in  street.
Monument road from Dairy Mart Road heading west to Border Field State Park has many pot holes and vegetation overgrowth on shoulders. This creates dangerous condions especially wh Border Patrol Agent activy, construction activy, and pedestrians/park visors.
SOUTHBOUND EUCLID @ LAKIBA PALMER...DEEP LARGE POTHOLE, CAUSED DAMAGE TO RIMS AND POTHOLES
LOSSE ASPHALT AT INTERSECTION OF 33RD AND UNIVERSITY PER CONSTITUENT. FILE ON BEHALF OF CONSTITUENT. NO PHOTOS SUBMITTED.
Numerous potholes along  stretch   westbound and/or southbound side  Navajo Road between Park Ridge Blvd and College Ave.  Significant amounts  asphalt concrete chunks are strewn nearby waing to damage cars and threaten  health  pedestrian.  Since  is a recurring problem all year long, maybe  can be placed in a recurring status so that we don't have to keep complaining to get anything () done.
Potholes
Last report  pothole should have been East bound I8 on onramp in  left lane. Sorryfor
The pothole is right at  junction   two streets.
Lots  potholes. Road needs to be repaired. Contact is Donald at 619-316-9476
Not a pot hole but a significant bump in  road putting my left front wheel out  alignment. 's in  left lane on South bound Torrey pines road just after North point driveway by  tree.
Asphalt is all torn up and many bumps and potholes! I drive over  every morning to work and feel like my car is going to be damaged! I drive  corner at approximately 5:30 AM every morning so too dark to take a picture
Needs to be filled
Cy cut and filled wh asphalt after sewer repair but  asphalt is both unsightly and  sinks currently over 3 inch depression. Please fill wh cement.
Pothole
Going west  right lane next to Epic Wings N Things. Is  an extra manhole that is deep or is  a pothole? Please check
Pothole in middle turn lane into bldg driveway
cracks across  road
big crack around drain cover
A pothole is forming and indicated by  cracks  will get bigger.
cracks and potholes
Deep potholes at Shell entrance.  3 request.
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole has a traffic cone in .  They are both in  east bound lane on National. Dangerous, cars slow down and swerve to avoid  cone
large potholes and raised asphalt in  westbound lanes between Hancock St and  train tracks.
Pothole
1'x1' 2" deep pothole at cross gutter WB North Park Way and 32nd St
5+ large potholes located on 60th St. and Universy Ave. on street between  vacant lot and  car wash.
Many potholes
2 deep pot holes in traffic lanes causing traffic issues
Pothole / hole wh a lot  depth  size  grapefru.
POTHOLE

There is a mound  pavement about a foot tall that was dumped into a pothole and just left wh a bunch  orange cones on top   for a month now. 's right in  entrance to our driveway
Pothole
3 separate pothole problems: (1) south   location, at intersection   La Jolla Shores and El Paseo Grande, group  potholes in intersection; (2) south   location in N'bound LJ Shores between Naga Way and Downwind Way, pothole; and (3) - north   location, in N'bound LJ Shores between Downwind Way and Shellback Way, pothole
Small pothole in front  residence, black tar wh loose gravel creating a hole. Also, sidewalk crack in front  bustop area.
The street on Cottage Ave has some severe potholes and asphalt breakage away from  curb at 5452 Cottage Ave.
12" diameter pot hole in  middle   street
Improperly filled street repair/pothole
Big pothole, ltle pothole, very uneven road.  South West section across  street from Challenger Middle School.
>inch deep, >foot long pothole in front  2621 and three more in front  2629
A wide area  loose and missing asphalt that stretches across half  road way
Pothole- pothole had previously been reported by someone else a few days ago. There was a road work sign and cones by  pothole but  is still re. This needs to get repaired.
Potholes along  crosswalk   intersection.
Potholes along  sidewalk and intersection.
Pothole
Hole in asphalt about 2 feet below in dirt. Corner  Durango and Cordero Drive
Potholes at approach to bus stop northbound Convoy at Engineer Rd.  Usually filled wh water, so very deceptive.  Damaging to buses.
I have reported many times via  Get  Done app that  block  3602 Elliott Street is crumbling, particularly where Elliott meets Chatsworth.  Each time I report  issue, I get an app reply that  case is closed. But, no work on  road has been done and 's in very bad shape. Chunks  pavement are starting to come up and huge cracks everywhere. Can someone please attend to ?
Pothole
Two or more, 2-3 foot long, 6 inch deep potholes between  slow lane and ex lane on  northbound 805.
Parkdale Ave. in really bad condion, cars swerving to got through  street between Mira Mesa Blvd and Flanders. Very dangerous area near Salks Elementary school
Big pot hole in  road
There is a pothole right where I marked on  map.  is not as big but  is very annoying to  drivers.
per H25 POTHOLE ON LA JOLLA SHORES.
Previous report 02426843 incorrectly stated  "northbound".  Potholes are in southbound lane approaching bus stop.  Sorry for  mistake.  Large holes almost always filled wh water, so can't see how deep y really are.  Thanks again.
Badly damaged asphalt.  15 years and courting.
Pothole in front  3348 Spring Garden Pl. Please contact David at 619-512-3214 to discuss.
Northbound Diane Ave at Kings Way. One  two at  address.
Pot hole... es!!!
The entire street from Rachel all  way to Rio needs to be repaved very bad pavement too many potholes please get  done
Pot hole needs filling west bound single lane.
pot hole just under  trolley line single westbound lane needs filling.
2 more pot holes in  approx location single lane west bound needs filling.
Massive number  pot holes at intersection Wing St and Kenyon St needs filling. Wing street is a disaster wh totally destroyed asphalt from Kenyon St to Midway Dr and needs new asphalt please.
Massive number  potholes on Wing Street from Kenyon St to Midway Dr needs filling. Wing St needs all new asphalt please.
Massive number  potholes on Wing St  from Kenyon St to Midway Dr. Wing St needs totally new asphalt as well.
Massive number  potholes at intersection  Midway Dr and Wing St and on Wing St to Kenyon St. All  Wing St needs total new asphalt please but please fill in  massive number  potholes and destroyed pavement. Thanks.
Potholes just before and just after intersection.
Broken road
POTHOLE


This is  oppose  a pothole. Somehow  pavement in  ltle section   syreet, at  corner  Abbott Street in Santa Monica Ave. in Ocean Beach, became a miniature hill, that's over 1 inch tall and could easily make someone fall f ir bicycle or scooter because 's difficult to see, because 's  same color as  rest   pavement.Again,  is anor lawsu just waing to happen.
Pothole in right lane  Southbound Genesee In front  bus stop
Huge potholes
Hugepothole
Road in poor condion
The asphalt at  corner  Alcamo Rd and Parkdale Ave has numerous holes and cracking.
Two large potholes on Camino Ruiz heading south, just pass Lapiz
2 potholes in  crosswalk
Hello,  water dept. did some work for 3125 Bancrt st in  beginning October. They had to block f parking and cut up  street to do  work. The picture is hard to see but   repair to  street is horrible. Super uneven and one hard bump that every delivery truck hs. I thought y were coming back but  appears not. Please send out to finish repaving  road.
New pavement!!!  Thanks for finally getting  done. The planning process is long but  street is now safe to drive on.  Keep  up!
Three potholes s/b Camino Ruiz south  Lapiz
Pothole
street black asphalts broken in BIG CHUNKS on surface , located in front  2149 ORIOLE street, San Diego , CA 92114 .
Blocks  badly damaged roadway

Roadway on 6th is badly damaged and full  potholes.
Asphalt "patch" more than 15 years old is causing more than $10,000 a day in wheel, tire, and suspension damaged.  That's per 3 engineers who have analyzed  issue.  Hope  doesn't take anor 15 years to make  3 hour concrete repair.
Please repair all  eastbound potholes on Montezuma Rd on  LEFT LANE
20 years  potholes and asphalt damage

Pothole
Multiple potholes going westbound in # 1 LANE
1  3 potholes need filled
2  3 potholes that need filled
3  3 potholes that need filled
Multiple pothole all  way to College especially in left
There is a large pothole/ dip in  road on Scripps Ranch boulevard on  far right lane adjacent from affiny court.
Multiple potholes, cracks, uneven surfaces
Numerous potholes north side  Limerick and Clairemont Mesa intersection
Large pothole in middle  street wh large amount  loose asphalt
Serious potholes at intersection  E Westinghouse and Linbrook Dr
Serious potholes at intersection  E Westinghouse and Linbrook Dr
Large pothole at intersection  E Westinghouse and Linbrook Dr
SW corner  Adams Ave & Georgia St.  Large hole in sidewalk at driveway.
Pothole
Multiple potholes and very uneven surface
Multiple potholes and very uneven surface
Multiple potholes and very uneven surface
Road is full  cracks and potholes .  needs to be resurfaced , not patched . Also , traffic needs to respect speed lim .
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE LOOSE METAL PLATES IN THE STREET. NORTH BOUND LANE OF 30TH ST PRIOR TO THE INTERSECTION.
Big holes
Broken road
Souast corner  Westwood St nearest cross street is Cumberland St. Stepped in pothole on 9/28/2018 in  street at  corner  Westwood & Cumberland.
Per H647 large pothole, causing damage.
Large pot hole
Pothole
Large pot hole in street. The entire street is bad
Large potholes
pot holes in  street
Reported before but nothing was done. Series  potholes along north side   intersection  Harcourt Dr and Rhonda Ave 92123.
Giant potholes tripping hazard in front  my house requires immediate attention
.  I am wring in regards to  pothole that continues to grow on Fashion Hills Blvd outside our home.  After  paving   streets,  hole appeared.  San Diego crews came out, looked, and, unfortunately, that?s .  I submted a request via  San Diego Get  Done App.  Nothing.  This is  second request I have submted ( first for anor reason) using  App.  In both cases,  Cy has not responded.
Potholes
After  construction workers left last week, 2 lumps  tar were left on  left turning lane on Lusk Blvd, turning left onto Morehouse Dr, causing traffic hazard.
There are severe cracks all along La Jolla Shores Drive from Torry Pines down to Scripps Oceanography. Cracks and potholes create dangers for cyclists and drivers alike, down a steep hill.
Large pothole in number two lane  on ramp from Mission Bay Drive to Interstate 5 North
Series  deep potholes in right lane  Northbound Ingraham near intersection wh Grand Ave
Pothole in front  a Elementary school (Burbank Elementary)
Note: 5166 (big)  AND  5157 Streamview Drive  (smaller holes that get big)
Behind  property in  alley, re is a large pothole in  concrete.  is a major trip hazard and damaging to cars. Can  please be repaired?
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
I have previously reported  pothole and  report was closed.   has NOT been repaired and  is, in fact, getting larger.  The first photo is from  first report.  The second photo is from today.
Eastbound Laurel at Curlew in  #1 lane
Walo
Terrible pothole -  we h  every day and makes a huge thump!
N/B POTHOLE RECENTLY PATCHED SINKING AGAIN (RIGHT SIDE OF INTERSECTION)
Series  potholes


Two sinkholes in front  address. Contact is Scott at 619-287-7665
Chunks missing southbound lane
The entire Ali is like swiss cheese  needs to be repaired  is  4th request
A ton  potholes in  alley.
More potholes that need to be repaired
Even more potholes in  alley!
two potholes when heading towards gilman on villa la jolla dr
There are numerous potholes on 54th Street , I moved almost 5 years ago and never have seen crew fix  road or fill  potholes. Please help !
New large pothole north west bound single lane just before  left turn to Barnet Ave needs filling.

Your reply to my report 02416713 in not true. The people that you are sending to  intersection are telling you stories that are not true. Repairs have not been done. The issue has not been resolved. Are you that lazy that you can not do your job? Thank you for using Get  Done to report non-emergency problems to  Cy  San Diego. Your report 02416713 is now closed because Cy crews recently resolved  issue or conducted  necessary repairs as reported in your inquiry. Get  Done Report Summary: ? Report Number: 02416713 ? Report Category: Pothole ? Report Type: ? Secondary Report Type: POTHOLE ? Description: I drive through  intersection 10 times per week.  has not been fixed. What   problem wh your department? Fix  holes. Make  asphalt smooth. This is what you get paid to do. I been reporting  intersection and  southbound lane  Cactus Road for three years. I will gladly escort you to  intersect and point out all   potholes and uneven asphalt.
On bridge right side
2 potholes in  left lane.
Pot holes and rough pavement
Potholes
Pothole in middle   road.
Street sunken residents have complained about tripling at  area.
Pothole in  southbound #2 lane at 1790 West Washington St.
Pot hole at intersection Nimz Bl and end  Sunset Cliffs Bl. Also degraded pavement needs new asphalt but at least fill in pot hole wh compacted asphalt. Thanks.
Pothole
Cars, trucks, and school busses run over  all day and night. 's VERY loud!
Entire length  Collier between 54th and lanta, asphalt is horribly potholed against curb.
The Road is Falling Apart.
Pothole
Large pothole
Going east please fix all  potholes on  LEFT LANE. I keep reporting  over and over
Going north please fix all  potholes on  LEFT LANE. I keep reporting  over and over
Please fix  condion  College Ave in BOTH directions. Contractor building a dorm condo left  street uneven and wh potholes. Never fixed after construction is now complete
This is a terrible pothole asphalt patch job that is a real safety hazard.  has huge irregular lumps and completely blocks  bike lane.  is also right at  curve in  road. If A cyclist hs  at full speed  cyclist could definely be thrown f ir bike, so people on bikes are forced to swerve into  road to avoid  bad pothole patch job.  is  most dangerous spot for a mile in eir direction, because  is right at a big curve and pushes cyclists into  car traffic.
Broken up pavement wh chunks coming loose
In pedestrian cross walk she fell due to a hole on 7/25/2018 at  intersection  Carmel Vista Rd & Valley Centre Drive.
There is a large cut in  road that curves f toward  curb on Eastgate Mall just before Genesee avenue. This is very dangerous for any two wheeled vehicles if  tire were to get stuck in  rut.
Water Meter SDWD pothole
28th Street needs to be fixed from  94 freeway ramp down to Imperial Avenue. Street is in poor condion, wh uneven ground and potholes in  road. Route Slip #801606.
Reporting for constuent. There's a pothole located at West 9242 Miramar Rd. that damaged ir wheel and tire. The pothole is near Padgett Street in front  a Subway Restaurant.
Elder Street between Harwood Street and Thermal Avenue 92154 has potholes and needs street resurfacing. Route Slip #801630.
Potholes
Potholes
Several potholes in  street
Pothole
Pothole
Going south on Convoy Street  at Armour Street at  bus stop re is a big pothole that fills wh water and splashes people on sidewalk when bus pulls into bus stop.
Potholes in  southbound #2 lane in  4200 block  Kearny Mesa Rd.
Pothole in front  8760 Complex Dr.
Cy contractor tore up  intersection  Fanuel and Loring and did not properly repair  street.  Street trenching was haphazardly refilled leaving sunken and rough pavement in places.  The intersection needs to be repaired properly per cy regulations.
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole, asphalt protruding
A terrible patching job was done at  intersection  Kearny Villa Rd wh Tech Way. Pavement patches are uneven and even turning into potholes. Please fix.
Going south on Fairmount please fix  potholes for merge lanes into Montezuma Rd
Pothole in concrete walkway at alley at south side  Montezuma Rd. Alley is between College Avenue and Rockford Dr.
road needs repaving. from Taylor St to Enterprise St; both sides   street
Recent pothole repair has disintegrated and is now expanding due to severe asphalt cracking in  area. There is about a 10 foot by 4 foot section  asphalt that is falling apart and kicking up chunks  roadway directly in front   driveway at 3582 Garrison St. Please make  necessary asphalt repairs.
Many large potholes on Navajo Rd. between Park Ridge and College Ave.
METAL BAND IN RD CAUSING NOISE WHEN CARS DRIVE OVER IT .
2 pot holes in on ramp to  5 south
LARGE POTHOLE in  East bound lane.  Please repair ASAP.
Steel plate over hole in middle lane EB Scripps Poway Pkwy not flush wh road; several inches above road surface and not tapered - causing extreme impact to wheels when struck.  Likely to cause an accident or blown tires if not fixed.
Deep pothole adjacent to median
fill all potholes please
fill all potholes please
fill all potholes please
There are several uneven surfaces in  road.  has been  way since i was younger. I now live in a different neighborhood where almost all roads have been repaved for no reason;  roads had been completely okay, yet y were repaved. The roads on Antigua are worse, still y are rough and uneven.
Potholes in front  11244 Ganesta Rd, and also more potholes south on Ganesta Rd. Unseen hazard to nighttime bicyclists.
Pothole
Pothole
Pot hole in  far left lane right at  light.
Pothole on Hughes Street at Audrey Lane. Two more furr down Hughes Street going west towards 58th Street. Thank you!
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Several areas where street is breaking up at corners  Mt Foraker and Mt Frissell
The entirely  Shawline Street from Convoy Ct and Clairemont Mesa Blvd needs to have a pothole crew come by to fill all  cracks and potholes along  street.
The entirely  Shawline Street from  Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Ronson Road needs to have a pothole crew come by to fill all  cracks and potholes along  street.
Large pothole created from poor patch job by cy water dept.
BEES ON AT&T POLE,  VERY AGRESSIVE, REPORTED ON 10/21/18
There are chunks  asphalt loosened around  pothole that fly up as cars drive on .   is especially dangerous since students walk by on ir way to  school
Please add a manhole cover!
Multiple potholes on Harbor Drive, too many to count
Giant pothole middle lane heading west, just over  bridge
Street is cracking and sinking slightly.
 Monroe ave and 36th st, on  north corner, in  picture re's a big dip that naturally developed re and when cars go on  dip, ir bumper smashes  ground every time because y didn't realize how much  a drop  was. I recommend installing dip signs and I also recommend turning  into a cement dip because a lot  storm water  goes through re too.
The road is very bad right here and has been for a while. The images are from  google street view a few weeks ago.
POTHOLE NEAR DRIVEWAY ON ORANGE AV BETWEEN CHEROKEE & 36TH . CALLER SAID HE FELL 2  MONTHS AGO
Large pothole on road
Stepped in pothole on 6/15/2018 and fell.
Cars, trucks, and busses thump over  all day & night
H pothole on 9/22/2018- on right side  on ramp near MCRD to North Pacific Hwy from Wirby St. Made right hand turn from Wirby St under  Pacific Hwy underpass to  North Pacific Hwy on ramp.
Westbound Siempre Viva Road between Brannia Blvd. and Cactus Road, re are 10 deep potholes.
Pothole 6 in deep in alley after sdge fixed gas leak 2 nights ago, patched but failed!
In front   property, re is a large pothole in  street asphalt where  meets  driveway. We are concerned about  causing damage to vehicles. I have included a photo. We would really appreciate if  were fixed.
Entrance and ex  Calle Paracho near Avenida Venusto
Herage Road between Datsun Street to 935 Heriatge road is in poor condions. The street is filled wh potholes. I counted at least 15 in that stretch  road. Please cover  potholes up and consider repaving or resurfacing in  near future. But for  time being, those potholes need to be covered as se are high traffic roads.
Pothole along  gutter.
Large cracks running across  street and along  gutter. Repairs needed.
Large cracks and potholes along  gutter causing a tripping hazard for residents when accessing cars parked on  street. Repairs needed.
Long stretch  potholes and cracking along gutter. This is causing a tripping hazard for  senior communy.
Asphalt cracks have turned into large long potholes and are in need  repair.
Asphalt cracking, lifting, and separation along  gutter causing a tripping hazard for residents in  senior communy.
Repair needed at intersection  belota dr. and Dominican drive.
Pothole along gutter
Total separation  asphalt street to concrete gutter repairs needed
Cracking and separation  street along gutter creating a trip and fall hazard for residents in  senior communy.
Potholes and cracks separating  street from  gutter creating a tripping hazard for residents in  senior communy.
Potholes and cracks in  intersection.
Numerous asphalt cracks needing repair before  grow.
Large pothole along gutter
Numerous potholes along  gutter causing a tripping hazard for residents in  senior communy.
Large cracks in street needing repair.
Pothole along  gutter.
Pothole right by  stop sign coming up Timberlake drive very annoying to drive on
Pothole right by  stop sign on timberlake drive, very bumpy and annoying to drive on
20 yards North and South on Bancrt St. at Collier Dr.; numerous potholes and cracks due to Bancrt St. not having overlay done since 1980. Potholes and cracks are 1-2 inches deep wh larger chunks  asphalt pavement loose.
Multiple potholes running  entire length  westbound Otay Mesa Rd from Sanyo Ave to Harvest Rd.
P/H IN SB LANE
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A DIP AND POTHOLE IN THE STREET BEFORE THE TEXAS INTERSECTION.
Badly damaged asphalt from recent emergency repairs.  Cars are coming to a near stop to navigate over  damage.   Surround blocks are also still badly damaged from last years flooding.
Pothole around manhole cover, eastbound on Mira Mesa Blvd, just east  I-15
Large potholes
Large pothole
Multiple potholes between Federal Bl and Tooley St
2x6 inches long opening or so. On  fast or farst left lane
various potholes in both directions  Clairemont mesa blvd from 9353 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92123 to 5519 Clairemont Mesa Blvd #227, San Diego, CA 92117  street has open 2 inch cracks running along  street in both directions and missing pavement road needs patching and resurfacing.  I am going to give  ticket number to  major so that  road can be repaired in a timely manner.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions.
Sink hole around utily fixture. Thanks
More than 40 potholes exist on  old pavement from 18176 to 170910 Mirasol.  This section needs review by cy engineers. Adjacent streets wh no potholes have been re-slurried in  past 1-1/2 years. Only half  Mirasol Drive was repaved 2 years ago,  remaining half has been overlooked. Continual patching work has not solved  problem.
Graffi
Looks like eir a new pothole in  newly paved road or possibly a broken utily cover  some sort.  is on Paseo Lucido, just south  Calle Saucillo in  left lane as you head south.
Hawley Blvd needs to be repaved. This is a major street in  neighborhood and weeds and potholes have invade 
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE NOTHBOUND LANE OF HERMAN NEAR THE INTERSECTION
On west bound Camino Del Norte, about 2-3 tenths  a mile east  Bernardo Center Drive., re is a sharp dip in  road in  number 1 lane (fast lane), that is slowly getting worse and worse. If going  speed lim (or faster) re is a good jolt in  car as  dip is sudden and sharp. This area needs to be smood over or filled in somehow.  Note: Map does not or can not show address on Camino Del Norte.
Pot hole
Drain cover edge are exposed and are tire hazards
linear pothole next to a street utily access cover
Hole 15" long, 8" wide, 4" deep wh large piece  loose asphalt in hole that is breaking into smaller pieces. Large chunk will sometimes be turned and be sticking up above street level. Or pieces on both ends  hole  are starting to crack and separate.
loose water cover on sidewalk in front  2867 el cajon Blvd
Pothole right next to  stop sign on Timberlake Drive. Deep pothole and annoying to drive through.
Couple inches deep
Pothole
re are multiple potholes. y resurfaced all   chateau drive except between paola way and camber drive.
There are multiple large potholes down  whole street.
Big pothole right lane beginning  bridge
Pothole at  ex  Park Point Loma to Famosa Blvd from Camino Umbral.  The hole is getting larger each day as re is a high volume  traffic at  juncture to ex  complex.
 makes your car bounce and  is horrible for  car.
On  corner  Scripps Ranch Boulevard and erma street
Pothole developing near corner  Arnott and Somam. Actually about 100 north  Somam on Arnott
Asphalt needs to be repaired at Cordero Rd and Pine Needles Dr. Contact is Karl at 858-280-1087
There is a pot hole in  street
pot holes by ace parking lot bad caused people to trip and fall.
Huge pothole several inches deep
Potholes - re are multiple potholes on Carrol Canyon just West   address.
Potholes -  is  correct address for my previous report. Somehow that showed up as 10202 Black Mt road. The potholes are actually on Carrol canyon road just West  Black Mt road.
dib in  asphalt by euclid av/lakiba palmer av caused tire and rim damage
Pothole needs filling on Westbourne
While driving home Friday night (10/12/18) in  rain wh my two kids (13yrs and 8yrs old), I struck a massive pothole wh my 2011 Nissan Leaf, which blew out both  my right-side tires. After having  tires replaced, I discovered  right-front strut has also been severely damaged.  was brought to my attention today that  Cy  San Diego has a program for reporting potholes and filing claims. For  reason, I am completing  today. Also, due to just now finding out  information, I've not had  opportuny to go back and take photos. However, based on  extreme size   pothole, I expect  probably has already been repaired.  Scott Forrest (858)605-0095
There are two large potholes on our cul-de-sac. One is by  entrance next to  stop sign that my tire always hs, especially when making a right hand turn.  is large enough that  makes  hard to avoid. There is anor pothole directly in front my my driveway/garage, and I end up hting almost daily, 's unsafe for my car/damages my car. Both get worse wh rain and foggy wear. A speedy fix would be appreciated. The whole cup-de-sac could really benef from being  repaved as well. Thank you!
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes.
Several deep pot holes in front  Innovation Middle School.
Pot holes up and down  whole street.  Tripping hazard.
Pothole
Crosswalk in front  Innovation Middle School crosswalk is cracked wh potholes.
A pothole is forming and getting bigger
There is a hole in  ground
Road from  school to Cardiff st needs repair. Uneven street, potholes, and small trenches
Pave Crown Point Blvd.   's been a miserable year yet mayor has photo op on my street for one pot hole and  never needed paving but y paved !!' Stupid employees
On ramp
Pothole was "repaired" recently but only partially completed.
Major potholes and cracks
THREE potholes in front  driveway and a ltle left  driveway @6541 Avenida Manana.
The potholes on  street are very deep and re are way too many for a road into our jewel - Balboa Park. Scooters and bikes as well as pedestrians stumble and injuries must occur.
Galvin Ave is filled wh huge bumps in  road that cause drivers to suddenly swerve to avoid going over  bump. This is a hazard and should be fixed.
Pot hole
Can I please get an update on  reported problem 00384365? Was submted in July and I am having difficulty getting in and out  my garage as  ground is popping up more and more.

Broken asphalt that causes disruptance while trying to pull in or out   driveway or just down  street.
Underground pipes were replaced on Georgia St in  beginning  2018. The road was torn up and trenches were temporarily filled. The road has not been touched since and large chunks  asphalt are regularly coming apart. Many   surrounding streets have already been repacked Are re plans to repave Georgia St?
Road is too bumpy for speed lim, cars may be damaged
s nice seeing poway rd finally paved, but looks like someone pressionally dig on  intersection  Springhurst dr and poway rd. and didnt pressionally paved  back. s been like that for a while. Just reporting  before rainy season gets here and mess up  newly paved road.
Westbound left lane @ Richland extremely rough, many patches. Hard on vehicle's suspension.
Huge pothole in  middle   road corner  Basilone Street and Barnard Street, San Diego 92110
?s a pothole. I don?t know exactly how long ?s been re.
Lemon grove has one side. San Diego owns  or side. San Diego?s side is riddled wh many HUGE pot holes and really needs to be repaved. Especially  part starting at Madera going North on 69th to Wunderlin Avenue. I travel  to go to my mors from my San Diego residence.  is actually dangerous because  road is so cracked up.
Rough road, cracks in pavement
There is a pothole that has steadily grown in size on  edge   intersection.
Address is approximate.  Pothole is on Camino Del Rio West heading north toward  I-5 north onramp, about 30 ft north   intersection wh Jefferson St. There is a pothole from  right shoulder to about 6 feet toward  left side   lane.  appears a concrete repair was done previously, and now both  concrete and  asphalt around  have holes.
There ana pothole on  eastbound side   road going towards Scripps Ranch Blvd in front  9919 Hibert Street.
The whole road in general, Camino Ruiz, needs to be fixed. Cracks and holes scatter  street.

Pothole on right lane on northbound 5 on ramp from Mission Bay Drive.
Poway road west  sabre springs Pkwy was not resurfaced and still needs .
Please fix potholes going north. Street was left uneven and only partially fixed by contractor that built a dorm building here. Street is in terrible condion
Please F.I.X  POTHOLES on  LEFT LANE GOING NORTH all  way to  traffic signal. Jesus I've been reporting  for weeks
Jesus what does  take get potholes fixed? I've been reporting  left lane going north over and over and over. Please?
Please fix all  potholes on  street. Usually y are on  divider. Several on both ways all along
Please fix all  potholes on  street
There is a large pothole in  middle   road
After Scripps Ranch Blvd was slurried  man holes are very deep and feel like large pot holes when you drive over m.  Most  m need to be ground down between Mira Mesa Blvd and Spring Canyon.  Drivers are swerving to avoid m.
Pot hole on 5 n frwy on ramp entering f mission bay dr
Series  deep potholes on  on ramp to  five north
Large pothole at  front nose   median
On  west bound side  Del Mar Heights Road right in front  Torrey Pines High School, re are numerous cracks and deep grooves in  asphalt that make  very difficult to maneuver safely.  needs to be repaved.
Pot holes on I-5 northbound on ramp, pleas fill.
Pot holes all over street entrance to Cardeno. Please fill.
Small pothole.
There is a one foot wide pothole in  middle   road.
One foot wide pothole.
Meade and Iowa--south side on Iowa facing north
Two potholes. One located in front  8637 Robles Dr. Anor in front  8737 Robles Dr.
in  middle   road just behind  speed meter  re is a pothole in  kiddie   road where  road surrounding  is wonky
The road is caving in along Girard Avenue Between Genter and  La Jolla Elementary School.  I think  has caving in along  line where y repaired replaced lines or installed lines for  new pedestrian crossing.
The Via Casa Alta street is in disrepair (deeply cracked, uneven, and potholes), especially area closest to  fire station (Department Station 16). Please have  street repaved.
POTHOLE. INCOMPLETE JOB. SOME OF THE POTHOLES WERE PATCHED BUT LEFT SOME OF THEM UNDONE. IT IS ON A BUSY STREET.
Pothole
#NAME?
#NAME?
holes- ruts
rut
ruts - holes
Pothole
Pothole on Capricorn Way
This is slowly sinking  I have been driving by everyday
POTHOLES AT INTERSECTION AND ONE 25' BEFORE INTERSECTION HEADED SOUTH BOUND
BIG POTHOLES. HAZARD.
Repairs were made on Torrey Pines Rd at base  Hillside per my previous report (attached), but only at edge  road. Main problem well out in outside (rightmost) lane remains, and  is a hazard to cyclists who ride re because bike lane is closed due to construction. All those cracks and grooves need to be filled.
The entire street hill keeps getting patched n destroyed. Residents are getting flat tires because   debris
3 foot pothole on street outside driveway. Have to drive over to enter and ex my driveway.
The road is very rough wh multiple potholes.
W/B CLAIREMONT MESA MIDDLE LANE, 4-5 POTHOLES
There is a pothole in  top middle   crosswalk at  4 way intersection located on 35th street and Monroe
There is a pothole when I was driving to a local restaurant that startled me when I was driving, and I am sure that ors have been affected as well.  is on Carmel mountain road, in between island ranch road and conference way in  south way.
There is a pothole on  road where my wheel could potentially get stuck in or do damage to  suspension  my car
The manhole is significantly lower than  streets surface and in an area where  is hard to avoid by cars.
The road leading up to my neighborhood has a bunch  potholes and dips in  cement,  image attached is only one  many.
Along  road leading to  Jerabek School from Semillon Blvd., re are several potholes that surround  maintenance/utily holes. There are roughly five from point A to point B. Each pothole feels about 2 inches deep.
s a pothole near a manhole
Fix all  potholes going north please from corner to corner
Pothole at 8087 Lake Andra Ave 92119
2 potholes
Pothole
northbound lane 1-2055 Torrey Pines Rd very deep pothole
Potholes
8043-8299 Friars Rd. Driving onto Friars Road from  on-ramp from Mission Center Road and as merging onto Friars  h a pothole.
Large, deep pothole in Southbound lane, near center  street at 5243 Cardeno Drive, 92109
The same pothole that keeps opening up on  entrance to 5 north in  right lane, on  left side   lane.  I do appreciate all  times you guys have fixed .
Potholes in 7900, 8100, 8200 blocks  San Carlos Dr.
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes in alley. Contact is john at 858-483-0868
Pothole
re are two medium to small potholes on Avenida Magnifica.
Pothole
Multiple potholes in a section stretching 75 yards on  right 2 lanes.
Entrance ramp to I -5 north from Mission Bay Drive , right hand lane about 50 yards from merge
pothole in street where kids play and cars drive
A visible pothole, a b bigger than a tire. Not very deep but  is in  middle   right side   road before  stop. Many bumps can be found on  road including two very big bumps earlier on  road in front   railroad tracks.
There is a large crack in  road on Hoyt Park Dr.
There is an area near a storm drain where  street dips down at least a half foot into  ground. There are also several cracks in  street surrounding  pothole, making driving on  part   road difficult.
Along  right side  Scripps Poway Pkwy as you are making a right turn onto Angelique St re are a number  potholes that make that section   road very bumpy.  isn't directly in  road, but if you are making a right turn onto Angelique St you will definely notice  irregulary   road.
The rightmost lane   Camino Del Norte road is riddled wh ltle pot holes and  street is very rough and uneven re. This rough road stretches for a pretty large distance.
skinny long patch  torn up cement
Traveling west bound on Nobel Dr, from  I5 south bound on ramp to Villa La Jolla Dr, potholes are scattered throughout  bike lane. Specifically around  intersection  La Jolla Villea Square some pot hole take up  entire bike lane. This is becoming increasingly dangerous as re is ltle to no room to maneuver if needing to evade any danger/object. Wh a dedicated right turn lane east  La Jolla Villea Square and a bus stop immediately west  La Jolla Villea Square,  is definely safer to ride a bike in  center  a vehicle lane. Even riding re requires avoiding a number  potholes. The area in general is dangerous to ride due to  lack  safe road to ride on. Thank you for your time and consideration in addressing  issue.
On Scripps Ranch Boulevard, more specifically on  way up  hill next to  intersection wh Mira Mesa Boulevard, re are a series  potholes.
On  right lane before  intersection
On  right lane before  intersection
Loukelton Way is in desperate need  repair and repaving.  All or streets on  area have been paved except Loukelton Way. Please get  done!
Numerous potholes and bumps on  road before getting on to  I-15 North or South from Mira Mesa Blvd
Going north on Fairmount Ave  Left Lane has potholes. Please repair. Sending request after request
Going east on Montezuma Rd  Left Lane has potholes. Please repair. Sending request after request
Large pothole growing quickly.
Potholes in front  2873
Pothole in front  2873
Long strip, trench, left over from water main project,   has deepened and is rough going over.
Street has multiple potholes and cracks
Pot hole needs repair. Twelve by twelve hole. Trip hazard.
#1 4000 block  Wabash at Polk ave  road where we park on  east side   street  is broken up pot holes and not level has numerous holes.  ruins your tires and hub caps. #2 3900 block  32nd street between Lincoln and universy Ave have numerous holes in  street  entire street needs to be replaced. #3 34th street polk avenue to lincoln needs to be paved  street is full  uneven parts and holes and crack that harm our car tires and hubcaps. I can be reached at 619-252-8251 Shelly Jordan
skin patch  814  beyer & la tonadas
On-Ramp to 8 East/West from 805 North has a series  THREE potholes made by work crews. They are rectangular in shape, spaced regularly apart, in between changing lanes. I assume construction meant to put reflectors or something re but forgot to fill m back in. Potholes are especially dangerous as  is ON THE FREEWAY, at a busy on-ramp, and between changing lanes where people are crossing over  at an angle. Please see attached image highlighted area in yellow for approximate location.
Concrete collar broken and hazardous, needs to be repaired
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes
me and my friend spotted  on  road while walking
Potholes
Back alley
Back alley
Pathole back alley
New pothole middle lane Sea World Dr west bound  just east  Sea World Place/light signal.  Thanks.
POTHOLES  E/B TO THE PYRAMID
Pothole in right lane on ramp
Kingsley street has several pot holes between 3700-3900 block. They have been repaired multiple times and keep coming back. Nearly every street in  neighborhood has been resurfaced but Kingsley.
Several potholes are located here, some  m more than 2 inches deep.
Several potholes on  ex ramp leaving sea world blvd on to ingraham
Big pothole that affects driving.
Lusk Blvd was recently repaved a few months ago.  On  westbound side between Wateridge Circle and Vista Sorrento re are at roughly 12 manhole covers. After re-paving se manhole covers have been set several inches BELOW  street surface. These are effectively potholes now and are very jolting and hard on cars. Why are re so many  m and why are y so low? Please fix m.
Very large pothole in  center left  Sixth Avenue and 163 north on ramp from Hillcrest.
Heading towards Waterton Rd. re are multiple potholes before and after  intersection  Scripps Ranch Blvd and Spring Canyon Road
There is a pothole at 8515 Jade Coast Dr.
Large pothole
 is in  middle   intersection  Scripps Ranch Blvd. and Carroll Canyon Rd.  is by bus station pick ups and is in  middle  a 4 way stop light. Also is located in Scripps Ranch High School.
Left lane going north on Fairmount Ave please fix potholes
Left lane going north on Fairmount please fix asphalt bumps and ripples at traffic signal
Going east on Montezuma Rd please fix all potholes on  left lane
Street has multiple potholes
On 10/3/2018 was crossing  street on Texas and Meade at night when flip flop was caught on a large raised crack in  street.
Potholes
Bad pothole even after recent repaving
Dangerous potholes near sewage drain. Alley is on Polk Avenue between 37th and 38th Street.
Pothole
Possible sink hole?
Potholes at  south terminus  Car St. where  meets wh Jamacha Rd.
Pot holes going up  hill
potholes
Pothole on southbound Van Dyke Ave immediately south   intersection wh Adams Ave.
Potholes
Potholes
2 deep potholes.
Multiple potholes and debris on  ramp to southbound 5

Potential sink hole in middle   street. Residents in danger if losing ir homes.
Potholes
Potholes
TEST TEST TEST - Test Record created post EHP8 upgrade. Plz ignore and don't process
CUSTOMER REPORTING A POTHOLE IN THE NORTH BOUND LANE
Post outage test - do no process to SAP
Post shutdown test - do not process to SAP
Hole in right lane at  intersection
large number  holes on Fairmont at  entrance to 8 east and west
Smacked into  double pothole and by morning tire lost air thru sidewall damage.South ruffin rd before Aero dr
  entrance to Mission bay on Graham/Gresham,  "ramp" to get onto  boardwalk has a massive dip and slant making  incredibly unsafe for those biking or in wheelchairs.  There is no true handicap access at  location given  current condion   "ramp".  From  pictures you can see  dip in  pavement as well as  grass growing in .
Small pothole, 7454 Golfcrest Drive San Diego 92119
Large pothole
Southbound villa  Jolla dr
8" channel not properly filled. Contact is Jonathan at 619-884-1742
South east corner  Draco and Gemini in Mira Mesa.This pothole is a problem child and is frequently fxed.  was repaired only a few weeks ago, but is already reforming. I think  problem may be that  spot is almost always wet; re is a constant stream  water discharging from a nearby apartment/condo complex and you can see algae growing in  gutter. That being said I am not a street engineer, but perhaps one needs to take a look at  suation. Maybe  solution is concrete in  gutter   intersection.
Badly damaged road from recent digging.  Causing delays and drivers slow to drive over damage.  3rd request.
Badly damaged intersection from flooding 18 months ago.  Raised asphalt, sagging asphalt, drain covers sticking up, potholes, etc.  20 request at  location
potholes in  cross walk south side

I had a ticket request 02414977 submted on Oct 3rd, 2018.  A week later,  ticket was closed wh a completed status. I don't see  road was fixed. I am driving home and to work on  road everyday and i feel like  cy is not doing enough to fix  roads. I am going to vote Yes on 6 tomorrow.
Deep pothole in  right lane on Waring Road a few feet before  light where Waring meets College Avenue and Navajo Road comes in  on  side.  Traffic is heavy re, so no abily to take a photograph.
8 POTHOLES IN ST ON LIMERICK
Severely deteriorating Road. On Diego Drive
Location across  street from my previous report again severely deteriorating Road
Pot hole in street. big cracks everywhere.
Looks like a sink hole is forming in  left turn lanes on sorrento valley road if you are turning east. The pot holes are filled wh water, i have never seen water in  pot holes before.
Pothole created by construction crews doing work in area.
Weeds are growing on  street & potholes are everywhere,  street needs to be repaved
LG P/H IN ST
Westbound mira Mesa Blvd center lane
Going north on Fairmount Ave LEFT LANE in fact ALL LANES can you please fix all  potholes from Montezuma Rd all  way to  intersection   freeway ex? I've been submting request after request for months now
Going north on Fairmount Ave LEFT LANE in fact ALL LANES can you please fix all  potholes from Montezuma Rd all  way to  intersection   freeway ex? I've been submting request after request for months now
Going north on Fairmount Ave LEFT LANE in fact ALL LANES can you please fix all  potholes from Montezuma Rd all  way to  intersection   freeway ex? I've been submting request after request for months now
Going north on Fairmount Ave LEFT LANE in fact ALL LANES can you please fix all  potholes from Montezuma Rd all  way to  intersection   freeway ex? I've been submting request after request for months now
Giant pothole/sink hole forming on West Point Loma, chunks  concrete starting to come f  road

Series  long narrow potholes along  street.
Cracked asphalt near  sidewalk
The intersection  Datsun Street and Otay Valley road looks like moon craters, been like  for months if not years, most  Datsun Street needs to be repaved
Pothole near  souast corner  Convoy Street at Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Pothole inside  intersection  Clairemont Mesa Blvd at Convoy Street. 's where northbound Convoy Street traffic passes through  intersection in  left through lane.
POT HOLE
Pothole
The intersection  Marlessta Dr x Ashford St. The Street Gas Valve Access Lid ss too low in relationship to  street surface; creating a pothole. This has been like  since  road was repaved. If you're east bound on Marlesta at  stop sign, turning left onto north bound Ashford  Lid/pothole is in your path.  is definly deep enough to cause an accident if a motorcycle or bicyclist doesn't see .
Pothole, southbound Villa La Jolla Dr in  leftmost lane

Sunken pothole. Just popped my tire. Over $500 in damage
W Point Loma Blvd between Midway Drive and Adrian Street had construction and new pipes laid down.  The road is so uneven and potholes everywhere!  when do you anticipate  resurfacing?
POT HOLE
Needs to be paved ASAP.
Bishops Lane !!!Large area wh lots  potholes because  tree roots..... big hazard for driving and walking!!
Needs to be paved ASAP.
Alligatoring, potholes, heavy asphalt patching, & deteriorated sidewalks wh protruding rebar. Potential road hazards for cars and trip hazard for pedestrians. From 3706 Wirby St (right before north PCH onramp) to 3740 Wirby St (right before train tracks.)  Reported for constuent.
Three major potholes on Roswell Street; in front  my residence 5802 Roswell Street, San Diego 92114.
Pothole at road and blvd intersection.
Numerous potholes. This segment   road needs fresh asphalt
Westbound Navajo Road Before  light at College Ave/Warning Rd.  Pothole that wasn't visible because  a chunk  lose blacktop in  hole.
Pavement whin intersection is badly damaged, particularly for traffic turning left onto W Bernardo Dr from George Cooke Express Dr.
The road is extremely cracked, different levels, and re are potholes everywhere.  is really dangerous to drive on especially heading to a hospal.
landis street from Chamoune avenue to Euclid avenue needs to be repaved. re are serious potholes in  street and  has been in need  repair for over 6 years.
Several potholes westbound N Harbor Dr between W Hawthorn St and  W Laurel St.  Thank you. David
Several potholes westbound N Harbor Dr between W Laurel St and Airport Terminal Rd.  Thank you, David
Sunken pothole. Just popped my tire. Over $500 in damage. Per Waste Water  is an ATT manhole cover.

Westbound Siempre Viva Road about 100 yards from Cactus Road, you missed filling in a pothole that's large and deep. Your department is one   worst departments I have ever had to deal wh in my entire life. Your department NEVER fills in all   potholes that I report on Siempre Viva Road between Brannia Blvd and Cactus Road. Please call me before you repair  pothole and I will direct you to s location. Clearly you were incapable  seeing  yesterday when you were here.
Potholes
Road in terrible condion
Potholes on Stanwell between Reagan & Westonhill.
Potholes on Greenford between Mira Mesa & Hillery
Large pothole getting worse every day. Directly in front  7725 Eagle Ridge Drive.
Road bad condion
Road horrible condion
Pothole in front  1459 Acheson St.  Several potholes on  whole street.
Rough Road in bicycle lane entire block.
Pothole in left lane  Genesee, south  La Jolla village Dr, before mall entrance.
Pothole in bicyclane
Pothole in street.
Potholes in street
The street is just really uneven and bad when we drive through. This is in  back alley and needs to be fixed. Anyway y can pave to make  street even cause re is rocks all over and even a part where  is not even straight.
Pothole in street
Pothole in street
Road in poor consion
Potholes on Beardsley
Road in poor condion
Hole in curb line
Pothole
CUSTOMER STATES THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON LAKE ADLON DR
Pot holes and pavement damage
pothole wh loose pavement/rocks. Getting kicked up from vehicles tires.
Potholes
Pothole in front  address and two potholes at Bond St and Figueroa Bl
repair damaged pavement at  intersection
The whole Street is horrible and is damaging my car.
Big pothole adjacent to  gutter, just prior to  second driveway on  right on northbound 34th St.
There is a pothole in  following area 2600 Alta View Drive/ 6700   Paris Way. The pot hole is on east side   street on 2600  Alta View Dr.
There is a pothole about 2 feet wide and 1/2 a foot deep that has been repaired three times so far.
 corner  Roselle St and Sorrento Valley Blvd was closed 2 weeks ago (at night time) for repair.   Repair was not done properly and now very bumpy.  I curse every time going through  bumpy road at 5MPH.
Big pothole on  East side   Bond St at  intersection wh Figueroa Blvd
Big pothole on Figueroa Blvd where  intersects wh  alley that leads to  Chase Bank parking lot.
VERY DANGEROUS NUMEROUS POTHOLES on hill where students ride bikes daily. A student yesterday crashed due to potholes.  THIS IS AN EMERGENCY because  street is so steep and students ride down  daily
Pothole and broke up asphalt
Pothole
sunken alley flooding behind building ,soaking into ground  and flooding parking structure wh contaminated water from alley trash and standing water



north side   middle   street
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Please fill in  pot hole right before our driveway at 16765 W Bernardo Dr as seen in  picture.  Thank you!
Pothole at MTS bus stop #99415.
Pothole WB lane
Middle  road and edge   road are crumbling and hazardous
POTHOLE
2 potholes towards  middle   street
Very large area  sunken asphalt, I h  on my bike, lost control and was nearly thrown f.
Badly damaged asphalt sticking up so far cars are slowing to a stop to navigate  area.
Pothole big uneven bump inasphalt is dangerous
pothole
The street has been paved wh asphalt so much over  last 50 years i have lived here that  asphalt has chipped away from  concrete driveway so much so re is a huge gaping pothole.  Leaving a major trip and fall exposure to  cy not to mention suspension damage to my car every time i have to pull in and out  my drive way.  I need  cy to repair  damage and reimburse me for  800  cost to replace my suspension.  All   driveways on my street have  amount  erosion or worse.  This needs to be fixed immediately.
Please look at  condion if  concrete on 54th St. 's bumpy and has holes. Please repair up and down hill
Please look at  condion if  concrete on 54th St. 's bumpy and has holes. Please repair up and down hill
Several potholes in  road near  yellow line in  turn.
Multiple ruts, potholes, gauges and ruts in  roadway.
There is a filled-in repair trench along South-East-bound West Bernardo Drive between George Cooke and Via Del Campo that has settled and is now several inches lower than  accompanying road pavement. This trench-repair runs maybe a tenth  a mile and now forms a long lip running parallel wh  street along  right side   right-most lane. This repair was only made a couple  years ago and I request that you make  contractor who messed  up come back and fix  properly and permanently.
Sunken concrete pavement
Pothole
Could you please even out se patches? Whomever digged m left m uneven at  intersection  Kearny Villa and Tech way. They are sinking in
Very terrible portion  road. Lots  potholes down  west side  entire length  46th street. Teachers are driving down  street now, due to construction and  is one   worst roads I have ever seen.
Potholes and broken asphalt
Construction  condos on Saranac Alley has torn up  dirt alley worse than ever before. They paved  small section directly in front  ir construction, but  rest   alley is still dirt and rocks. WHen is rained for one day enough dirt washed away from  edges  ir pavement and y've already had to re-level  dirt to  pavement. The potholes continue to get worse. The dirt and rocks wash down  alley and into  street on 72nd St.
Pothole 13 feet south from driveway
Eastbound Judicial Drive #2 lane just before  intersection at Research Place, re is a sunken section  asphalt about 3' x 6'. Please fill  in.
Three potholes on Tierrasanta blvd near I-15,  First is in #3 lane westbound near northbound ramp to I-15. Second is in #2 lane 50 yards east  first pothole. Third is on #2 lane west bound just after ramp from I-15. Disregard first 2 images below. Third pothole is in #2 lane
we wan't to be able to play on our street, but we can't because my friends keep on falling & get injuries on ir knees & we have been trying to let you guys repave our street for  two years.

6877 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111to 4170 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92117 road needs resurfacing on both sides in both directions east and west.  Needs patching due to wide cracks and potholes, and missing pavement.
Multiple small potholes west  Ruffin Road on Clairemont Mesa Blvd. All three westbound lanes have some small potholes and ruts. They start in  intersection and are spread for about 100 feet westward.
Potholes at  beginning and end   alley  Arizona and Hamilton right f  El Cajon Blvd.
Big pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole in busy crosswalk.


Pot holes on  ramp to  52E!
Two sizable potholes and ors ready to  form.
Streets are cracked and very old need repair
Pothole where  asphalt contacts concrete  gutter at  acuff (eastbound side) and cowles mtn.
Newsome drive between Billman and College Avenue. There are a number a large potholes and  street is badly cracked and crumbling.
Pothole in street
The street has some major cracks in  and some sections are breaking f and coming out.
Big pot hole in center  street
Large pot hole along 120 willow road. Cross street is San Ysidro Blvd.
The subcontractor hired to repair  water main left huge potholes in  street. Please fix.
Mohawk street from 69th street to 70th street has a lot  potholes. I understand that a water pipeline will be installed, but if some   potholes could be filled in  meantime  would be appreciated.  An example is a pothole in front   parking lot for  dentist fice across  street from 6984 Mohawk. Thanks
Center  Cordero Rd and Durango Dr , re was a previous repair , a cavy has developed approx.  1foot deep and 2foot wide , re is a small opening in black top but could collapse and do severe damage to  undercarriage  a car
Reporting for second time! Why hasn't  cy laid new asphalt curb to curb on Upas, at Morley Field? I've had two damaged tires. Staging at Alabama must go!!
Several potholes on  hundred block going north. Especially in  left lane
Pothole in middle  street on Richmond ex right f  163 North. Could be very dangerous for motorcycles.
Couple  linear potholes on southbound Jester Street.
Several potholes on southbound Genesee Ave between Mt Alifan Dr and Boyd. The most severe ones are in  right lane between Mt Alifan and Genesee Ct E. Thank  you
Pothole
holes and ruts
holes and ruts
holes and ruts
Pothole
Newly resurfaced street has big gash in 
Driving north on Riviera, re are about 6 pot holes near 3421 Riviera. 2   pot holes are que deep, and right in line where vehicle's left tires drive.  Please fix se before y get worse!
Southbound Cactus Road between Airway Road and Siempre Viva Road, re are many potholes. The southbound lane must be resurfaced.
The Shared Lane for cars and bikes is very rough for bikes.  is not well paved and makes cyclists such as myself serve around to avoid those huge cracks.
Southbound Cactus Road between Airway Road and Siempre Viva Road, re are many potholes. The southbound lane must be resurfaced.
Multiple expanding potholes in center lane traveling West between Science Center Dr and John J Hopkins Dr.
Pothole on right hand side  right turn lane. Next to manhole, drain access.
Pothole in front  301 Sea Ridge Dr.
Huge potholes on  southwest corner  Market St @Front St. 's been  way for well over six months very dangerous crossing over Market at  corner especially if walking at night!
Pothole located in left turn lane on Limerick Ave. just north  Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Pothole (apprx 3'x6') 4900 Limerick, southbound left turn pocket just north  Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Middle  intersection
Pothole opening up again between 1129and 1121colusa st.
Pothole between 1121 and 1111 colusa
There is a pothole in  right lane
Deep pothole in alley between 33rd and Felton in back  3381 33rd St
The metal cover is broken in  bike lane (west bound) Scripps Ranch Blvd.
CRUMBLING STREET VEHICLE BOTTOMS OUT THE LENGTH OF THE HOUSE
Pothole on Remington Road east  Hewlett in  SDSU campus area
The water-damage cracks are turning into wider ruts, running parallel to northbound traffic, and very dangerous for cyclists.  This area  mission bay dr. is long over due for repayment anyway.  But I don't think re can be any good reason for prolonging a patch  at least  cracks, ruts, and potholes   section if you don't think an entire repave is timely.
Potholes and cracks in  intersection or Coronado Av and Hollister as you get f  I-5 freeway. Contact is Jose at 619-576-3764
The manhole covers on Spring Canyon Road between Scripps Poway Parkway and Scripps Ranch Blvd were not readjusted to grade when  road was recently paved. Unfortunately,  road is much bumpier than before  paving. Residents avoid  right lane  travel due to  low-set manhole covers that are extremely jarring. Thank you!
The whole Mansfield Street from Adams to Mountain View Drive is full  potholes, cracked sidewalks, and broken curbs. We also have no street lights.
Going west on  right lane oppose  bus stop. Uneven pavement or pothole on  divider lines
Please fix  uneven pavement or pothole that is next to  gas station going west
Going east on Montezuma Rd pothole on eastbound lanes. Between Collwood and Yerba Santa
pothole in middle   street, crumbling
pothole on crown point between shasta and kendall
This has been getting worse and worse each time  street sweeper goes by but  sweeper did not CREATE  problem ,  was started wh just bad road that needs repair!  Yes and I know  one is right in front  my house but since I have a NEW car  is wearing my tires out . I am not complaining  street sweeper . San Diego needs STREET SWEEPERS! Just fix  road please  . Most   roads around me have been repaved but  is one   main roads to Genesee Ave. Their are or potholes on road also . T.Y. , M.B.
Pot holes on parking side  street
Large pothole W. Mission Bay Dr west bound in  approx location(not Mariners Way) should be filled despe new pipeline installation. Thanks !!!
Numerous potholes and asphalt breaking up
BAD P/HS IN THE WB LANES.
THREE TO FOUR POTHOLES ACROSS THE STREET FROM ADDRESS
p/h in nb lane. asphalt cracking
This pothole grows by  day. Middle lane, going west on Harbor Drive
Pot hole
Pothole
https://askjan.org/articles/Implementing-a-Workplace-Fragrance-Policy-as-an-Accommodation.cfm         please help stop usage   air fresheners in all cy fices, I work driving a cy truck and have to use different bathrooms,  needs to be resolved!    check  wh or agencies please
Upas between park and Florida is crumbling
Sink hole and general subsidence where water department put in new water line two years ago
Getting worse




pot holes on genesee sb towards balboa





Behind spot 11;9 and 6  orchid apartment in alley
There are potholes and cracks in various areas  Castle Glen Drive.
Several potholes on columbine st between poplar and pepper
 least 3 potholes on Richmond ex
The street surface close to my driveway started to deteriorate about three years ago and now re is considerable damage that requires repair.  The damage is expanding and has become a safety issue.
The westbound ramp FROM Friars Rd into Mission Village Dr has potholes. Ramp going west that exists into Stadium street

Eroded and destroyed alley road
Destroyed street
Large hole in  nose   median
There is a massive pothole and has almost damaged my car. I shouldn't have to almost crash into anor car to steer away from . DO YOUR JOB
Potholes by curbside
Huge pothole at  Cul-de-sac, entrance to driveway at 7895 Convoy Court.
5 potholes whin 8400 block.
Pothole at  beginning   transion ramp from northbound Pacific Highway to westbound Barnett Ave
Pothole in  westbound #4 lane  North Harbor Dr just east   intersection at Winship Lane.
Pothole in  northbound #3 lane at 3535 Camino Del Rio West.
Large potholes in North-West portion  cross walk at Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Overland Ave. Near  large, open parking lot. Wnessed someone  step in  pothole and fall to  ground immediately, injuring mselves.
One  several potholes along  block
5 in. deep x 18 in. hole in middle  street. Large chunks  concrete keep coming up. I've replaced one tire . Slight curve in roadway causes people to cut corner and h hole.
Potholes on  street in front   driveways for 4024-4018 Oakcrest Drive.
PLEASE DO NOT REPAIR USING TRADITIONAL MEANS!  THIS NEEDS REBAR AND CONCRETE AS IT IS REPEATEDLY WELLED-OUT FROM HEAVY TRANSIT BUS STOP USE!   is a major ?Transfer Point (J), meaning  10 ton bus stops re over 62 times per day!  (MTS Stop# 12124). This has had history  shoddy repairs wh motive being  workers Union needs job secury.  STOP THESE PRACTICES!    I am CC'ing MTS a copy   Report and request confirmation  receipt   Report containing location and original text.  Lastly,  would be helpful to add a capabily at your reporting se to include precise GPS Location.Thank You.

POTHOLE  E/B
There are several potholes down 32nd. As I was walking into Starbucks, I fell and sprained my ankle. I?m going to have to see a doctor because  . My ankle began to swell immediately.
San Diego Police Department is over using  Qualcomm Stadium parking lot during unnecessary drills y can actually do virtual realy and  would save a ton  money on gas and on repairs
Just anor example  how our lovely stadium has been disrespected and misused
Just because  stadium is not currently being used full-time doesn't mean that we can run  to  ground we should have some due diligence and  duty  care when  comes to her own cy property
What's you going to anor location just concerned cizen that once San Diego to be performing at s finest

pothole in alley image attached
Pothole in right hand turn lane
Entire alley is terrible. I've reported  three times already. Every time  gets ignored. WTF?!  The one in  picture is 7" deep!
Pothole is very deep and  is right around a busy blind corner making  very unsafe if h coming around  corner and potentially damaging to a car.
Bus stuck in pothole. Contact is SD Tans Cheryl at 619-238-1325
Small pothole starting to grow in size by  day
Multiple potholes in  area
The street is cracking/sinking causing a sharp ridge in  concrete in  southbound lane  Pacifica Drive in front  4922 Pacifica Drive. Needs attention ASAP!
Pothole
All  West Pt Loma Blvd is a complete disaster. I understand  cy was waing for new pipes to be installed before repairing and repaving  street but  appears all  that work is now complete. Why is NOTHING being done about  condion   major road thru  Loma Portal area? Nothing but tax increases and nothing to show for . Please address  condion   street now Thank you
Large pothole on Universy going west as you're approaching 54th St. to turn right.
Hillcrest. On-Ramp to 163 North from Sixth Avenue, re are so many potholes. Sometimes drivers slam ir brakes or swerve when y see m, and that could cause a collision.

Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Big Pothole in front  Senior Center, Lady tripped again. Please try to do something about  soon. Chicken Ltle
Eastbound La Jolla Villa Drive, right lane in between Towne Centre Drive and  805 south on-ramp, re are two potholes/asphalt crumbling. They are located about where La Jolla Village Drive goes over Judicial Drive.
Beginning at  intersection  Marlesta and Genesee until  2nd stop sign re are multiple potholes while are growing in size and number
Sections   road cracked and sinking displacement 4 to 5 inches vertical
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes.
One or two big potholes on C street.
Pothole
Constuent reporting a 20 foot asphalt crack from ir house (12265 Rios Rd.) to  neighbor?s across  street.  There are also a number  potholes in  immediate area two  which are approximately 12? in diameter.  The resident is concerned about  cracks and potholes are a safety hazard for residents in  area while driving and walking.
Pothole
4351Clairemont Mesa Blvd 92117 phone 858)361-0486 Please fix potholes asI am an Amputee I use a walker and  is very difficult after getting out   car to move through se holes re are a lot  m.
Asphalt on Mt. Horton disintegrating next to concrete gutter as  crosses Mt. Putman.

BEHIND ADDRESS NOSE WHEN CARS DRIVE OVER SMALL METAL PLACE THAT WAS PUT IN LAST NIGHT ON QUALCOM BET RIO SD & CAM DEL RIO NORTH
Lake Adlon Drive from Cowles Mountain Blvd east to Lake Murray Drive needs  potholes fixed.  Today noticed a cy paint crew had painted a whe parking stripe in front  my house meaning our street probably isn't slated for repaving.  Can  potholes be fixed and  "alligatoring" be filled in wh slurry or whatever that hot tar is called ???
Interstate 8 East, Waring Rd onramp. Right about where  joins wh or traffic. s so deep  was jarring for me and I worried I had damaged my tire. Please have  filled.
Large crater in front  driveway
There is a pothole on Regents Rd, SB direction, inner lane
The Right lane on Universy Ave has several potholes (eastbound direction)
Water tap or repair was done  week and patch already sinking. Was not properly compacted by crew. Not sure if cy or private team.
A mile  badly damaged asphalt and potholes.  15 years  complaints and counting.

Potholes and car damaging speed bump.
Potholes on both sides  Washington
Raised and damaged asphalt in  intersection is badly damaging cars.   20 years  complaints.

Sagging and collapsing roadway.
Damaged asphalt.
Pot holes
2' diameter 4"-6" deep pothole in center lab tight wheel path at bridge pavement transion.
20 years  devastated roadway at  location.  Sending pics to  media.  The residents   area have had enough.

Road has cracked and sunk.
Pothole is still re! Base  Richmond Street ex f   163 North. This is dangerous for motorcycles and damaging to any car tires! Fix  now please!
Many potholes, deep cracks that run along  road east and west, missing pavement, uneven pavement broken pavement from  9878 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92124 to 4355 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92117 please repair and resurface  street  looks like a war zone
1500 Block  Willow has some massive potholes
This section  Verano is a disgrace. 's been practically a gravel road since I moved here 12 years ago. I can't believe  is  first complaint.
RUTS IN PAVEMENT. W/B ON LEFT AND MID LANE
EASTBOUND, LOOSE GRAVEL
POTHOLES ON LANE CLOSEST TO CURB. S/B BETWEEN MT ALIFAN & GENESEE CT EAST.

I think  photo speaks for self This is in-front   bus stop at Dusk and Parkside
Camino de la Reina eastbound in front  Shake Shack and Millennium is TERRIBLE condion wh holes and bumps.  VERY dangerous for bicycles!  All  rest   street was patched but not  stretch.  Why not?  Please patch or resurface !
When driving,  ENTIRE road is VERY bumpy. Car lerally jumps up and down. Very uncomfortable. Needs to be re-paved.
Have a pothole in front  my driveway and water collects re from neighbors over watering and when  rains. Also becomes a  mosquo breeding area.

Street is crumbling.  's in I'll repair
One  several potholes in  area.
Eastbound right hand lane, 50 feet before  intersection wh Shoreline Drive, re is a pothole.
Westbound side  genesee at richland
Eastbound Friars, left turn lane.
Major pothole on Universy Ave traveling west bound. Pothole is across from gas station and Northgate grocery market
Potholes on both directions  Iris Ave between  trolley tracks and 30th Street.
Pothole
Pothole at  stop sign, right turn from Dewsbury Ave to eastbound Gemini Ave
28th between C and Broadway [address is estimate] - There is a trench across  road [28th] that has not been filled in after work was done  many, many weeks ago.
Major pothole on blvd
broken pieces  asphalt
Street was patched a couple years ago, but concrete portion   pavement is broken and sinking. Approximately 5-7cm between sections. Pacifica drive just south  San Anselmo.
The road is uneven and is causing people to swerve to avoid  potholes.
Request for pothole filling in front   residence - 3978 Via De Le Bandola, San Ysidro, CA 92173. Route slip #801649
Concrete/asphalt crumbling from around  storm drain cover.  Debris is being scattered in  lanes.  Possibily for debris to h cars/windshields/pedestrians.  This is a frequently traveled thoroughfare.  I have addional photos if needed.  Thank you.
Large pothole at top  alley behind Ladera Street as  enters into Cornish Street
potholes all along  st ifo addresses 3734 and 6894 on east side
SOUTHBOUND EUCLID @ LAKIBA PALMER...DEEP LARGE POTHOLE, CAUSED DAMAGE TO RIMS AND POTHOLES, RECALL
This was missed when crew was out last week!
Concrete collar around manhole breaking apart, needs to be repaired.
Yesterday, I was driving East on Hwy. 56 in  slow lane and h a big pothole that flattened my front tire on  passenger side   vehicle.  My car was put on a truck  morning by  Auto Club and taken to Lexus Escondido. I have concerns for driver safety as a result  driving over  pothole.
Sink hole has appeared over past 2 days. Bigger today than 2 days ago. In north alley behind 1206 Agate Street. Cy sewer access 10 feet to east  sink hole.
Pot hole
Please replace parking lot. Very bad condion!
Potholes around underpass  I-5 on West Washington Street from MCRD to India Street.  Along wh old wooden train tracks that are no longer used and need to be taken out or paved over.

Bad pot hole caused rim damage please fix ASAP
Pothole in  westbound #3 lane in  2900 block  North Harbor Dr.
There are more potholes west from re
Pothole on  westbound 32nd st right side   lane
Pothole at Dwight and Felton
Maybe 100ft after traffic light at 5 north on ramp
Pothole on Via Del Canon & Via De La Valle
Hole is in  right lane at Greenwood on Hancock st
Ingraham St is full  potholes &  que possibly  WORST street in all  San Diego! When is  going to be properly fixed & repaved?

4405 Treemont st, San Diego, Ca.92102
4405 Tremont street, San Diego Ca.92102
4405 Tremont street, San Diego Ca.92102
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes all along  road.
Pot holes in lanes in middle  intersection
This large crack has caused numerous bicycle accidents.  I live in  corner house and have personally observed a half a dozen  year.  There was just anor accident  morning.  Can we get  filled in?  Cy workers outlined  crack in whe.  's on  corner  bayside walk and San Fernando
Large pothole
Pothole forming in northwest corner   intersection  Dwight and Central Streets in Cy Heights, zipcode should be 92105. Could not get picture as I was driving when I spotted .
on Park Ridge Road @  corner  Navajo Road re are a number  potholes that are growing quickly.   is on  Patric Henry side   street where  access covers are for  soil remediation from  gas station.
Road in bad condion
Pothole
Road in bad condion
Large potholes and damaged asphalt
  intersection  Reed and Everts, re is a huge pot hole.  is 16-18 inches in diameter and a few inches deep.  is in  path  car traffic, causing tires to go in  pot hole hard when driving down Everts, since re is no stop sign and  pot hole is difficult to see at night.
Large rectangular pothole on right side  ramp from La Jolla Parkway leading to I-5S
Potholes
There is a large pothole on  left side   I5 on ramp at   Garnet ex. After  lights.  popped my tire yesterday.  needs to be repaired soon.
Pot holes
Near  red marker location, in center lane   eastbound SR 56, just west  where ex-lane line marking for Carmel Country Road changes from dashed to solid, large pothole.  NOT on Da Vinci Street.
Pot hole
LARGE POTHOLE  WHERE CONCRETE ENDS AND ASPHALT STARTS (ON N HARBOR, BETWEEN SPANISH LANDING & LANING) TOWARDS POINT LOMA
Pothole on I5 north on-ramp close to end  on-ramp.

Two huge potholes in second lane.
POTHOLES WESTBOUND ON UNIVERSITY ON LANE CLOSEST TO CURB. FROM UTAH ST TO TEXAS ST
Miramar rd west bound entering Eastgate Mall is bumpy + pothole.
re are actually 2 different potholes on  side   street going down  hill. in front   address. Trust me, you cant miss m. Appreciate you repairing m.
Giant potholes in right lane  highway 56 east
Giant pothole on  northbound 5 freeway entrance just past  traffic meter light before you get on  freeway.   is on  left side   lane several inches deep and two feet wide.   keeps getting bigger every week!
In  right lane entering I5 north from mission Bay drive, a HUGE pothole in  lane, re are several in  entrance and many people are getting flat tires and problems.  Please fix ASAP!!!
Potholes in  southbound #2 lane  Park Blvd just south   intersection at Zoo Place.
There is a nice sized pothole on  corner  Marquette St. and Leland St. heading west. Along wh , re is also  asphalt that came out  , which can't be good for tires.
Potholes on eastbound eir at or just barely prior to  intersection wh Via Mar Valle.
POTHOLES  ALONG ST
Deeply sunken man hole cover on westbound Mira Mesa boulevard near entrance to Park and Ride lot at I15. 's in  right lane.
Multiple pot holes along route to airport from Hawthorne to Cell phone lot westbound
Potholes at  very east end  Calle de las Rosas where  meets wh Rancho Penasquos Blvd.
A pair  potholes in  western half   intersection  Rancho Penasquos Blvd at Paseo Montril.
Pothole. Middle lane eastbound Mira Mesa blvd. before cross street shilling ave.

Pothole on eastbound Paseo Montril right by  driveway for  strip mall.
Pothole in  southwest corner   intersection  Westbound SR-56 at Rancho Penasquos Blvd/Carmel Valley Rd. May want to use  link as an address number didn't popup in  app. Dropped Pinnear Rancho Peasquos, San Diego, CAhttps://goo.gl/maps/pfBz24BQcys
Pothole
Series  deep potholes
All American paving paving my street. They did not repair  damaged asphalt before y did. Two days after y completed ir work, grass begin growing through  new material from  holes in  asphalt below. I have called all American paving twice to get  fixed, no response! I called to different apartments  traffic and road management in  cy  San Diego and left messages, no call back! If  is  qualy work happening in or parts   cy,  cizens  getting ripped f. Thanks
Roadway allegatored and pothole getting bigger. This is a low spot. During last big rain, driver h big hole here, disabled vehicle. Police were on scene.  was patched, but  is coming back. Thank you.
This was reported on Next door so I wanted you to be aware. Pothole entering I-5N from Mission Bay Dr yesterday morning while traveling in  right hand lane. I am not clear on  exact location but  caused damage and a flat tire.
This particular grate is loose and people can trip and fall into   is on  corner  fifth and K in front   Hilton
Right lane eastbound La Jolla Village Drive at both sides at  bridge abutments re are two potholes and  asphalt is cracked and crumbling. Please repair se two holes.
This particular grate is loose and people can trip and fall into   is on  corner  fifth and K in front   Hilton  Refer from SD water box does not belong to water. in front  Toscan Restaurant  wh cone on top .
Eastbound Siempre Viva Road between Cactus road and Brannia Blvd, re are five deep potholes. Please fill m all in.
Right lane westbound National Ave at South 28th St re are many potholes
Right lane southbound Executive Way at La Jolla Village Drive, re are many potholes.
Pot home in cross walk
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions.
Multiple potholes on southbound Kearny Mesa Rd.
Multiple potholes along Kearny Mesa Rd. in both directions.
Subject: Footbridge at corner Camino Del Norte and Bernardo      Center Drive SAN DIEGO, CA 92127      Comment or Question:      Footbridge at corner Camino Del Norte and Bernardo Center Drive      SAN DIEGO, CA 92127       Contacting you because  Footbridge has human feces on ,       is a path that a lot  children take to school and       appears that  homeless may be living re.
Pothole
Center  road. Pothole
Multiple huge pot holes heading south on Kearny Mesa road.
A woman just h  pothole and cracked her head open (knocked unconscious)!
This is  actual hole a woman h while riding a Bird scooter. She cracked her forehead and was unconscious in  street!
A 4" raised corner  a concrete street section at intersection  Cape May and Froud Streets.
Large pothole in  left side   lane, just before  lane merges to  5 N

Pothole on westbound Maturin below Turtleback Elementary School.
Fifth time reporting same pothole 7" deep in alley!
Huge pot hole in  right turn lane at  intersection (turning onto Via Mallorca from  shopping center)
There is a 20 foot strip  sand and concrete mix spilled in  far right westbound lane  Camino del Norte under  I-15 freeway.   needs to be scraped up.
Several new potholes on westbound Camino Del Norte between I-15 and Bernardo Center Dr.  All three lanes.
Potholes.
Pathole
Deep pothole
Potholes
New pothole!!!   Not fixed!
Pothole,  is not fixed
Pothole
The black top infront   bus stop as a repair is a lousy and you can see  entire section has shifted and will continue to be a problem why cant  section be properly repaired :/ buses travel  area throughout  day cy work trucks also travel  area
This pothole on  westbound side heading to Harbor Drive is getting deeper causing a safety concern for motorcyclists is y h . Needs to be filled ASAP.
Going west on  right lane next to oil tanks terminal entrance
re s a big pothole
Westbound on El Cajon by Utah
Over  past 2-3 years  damage has progressively gotten worse resulting in a safety hazard outside  my home on  street; Half Moon Bay Drive.  The pothole is getting larger each week as addional surface materials break away from  road. Many people walk by  area each day and could potentially trip on  cy owned street.  Please help us wh  issue as  pothole reaches  middle   street.
pothole at N163 f ramp and Kearny Villa Rd.
Test test test
Potholes and cracked street on Conestoga Way between Mission Gorge and Fontaine.

several potholes in westbound lanes  Camino Del Norte between  rt15 southbound ex and Paseo Montanoso traffic light
large pothole in right lane  Sorrento Valley Pkwy at  traffic light wh Sorrento Valley Blvd.
Large pothole northbound I-5 on ramp Mission Bay Dr
test test test
Potholes on on-ramp from Aldine to NB Fairmount.
POTHOLES
One small and one large pothole in front  my home. As  is a main thoroughfare for all large trucks servicing  Rancho Bernardo Inn and  Rancho Bernardo country club, we have a lot  heavy vehicles traveling fast and large chunks  asphalt have been getting kicked up and flying onto  sidewalk, onto my driveway, etc. Would really appreciate getting  street repaired before something gets broken or someone gets hurt from flying asphalt!
Long hole developing around  whe line for  northbound left turning lane.
I'm front  driveway, very rough to get in and out, would love  to be patched.
Potholes been growing. Someone tries to put  prices back in, but y just pop out once someone drives over 
Growing pot hole. Not sure why dirt is mounded up and is wet in  center. Maybe water or sewer? ...
Pothole on  intersection  3500 Princeton and Ticonderoga
Pothole in  crosswalk
Huge pothole just before onramp merges wh I 5 northbound.
Large pothole on universy Ave.  pothole is on  Westbound side across from gas station and Northgate market
Very large pot hoe on 32nd st , near entrance   Navy Exchange, West bound traffic lanes, This could cause damage to vehicles if y h  .
This is my third time reporting se two potholes. You never fix m. You close  reports whout doing any work. My car bounces over both  se potholes. Right lane eastbound La Jolla Village Drive at both sides at  bridge abutments re are two potholes and  asphalt is cracked and crumbling. Please repair se two holes.
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole approximately middle   road.
I sent a picture last night and  has gotten much worse. Dirt and water coming up frm. The center   pot hole
severe pothole west bound on Highland Valley resulted in extreme damage to front tire on my car @ $500 to replace rime and tire. What can I expect in compensation?
severe pothole west bound on Highland Valley resulted in extreme damage to front tire on my car @ $500 to replace rime and tire. What can I expect in compensation?
There are multiple potholes on Crespo Drive that disrupt traffic and cause damage to vehicles.

There are a few big potholes at  intersection  Baroness Ave and Gold Coast Dr in Mira Mesa.


Black top crumbling. Creating hazardous  condions for pedestrians. Currently 4 areas to cold patch. One in front  6821 Janney Ct. Rocks have been removed.  Second across  street in front  first house on North side. Third in front  drive way  1725 Burton  street . and at base  street in front  handy cap ramp. There is a strip about two car length in  center  street front  6821 that will soon be a large pot hole. About two to three feet wide. Please bring a lot  cold patch. Thank you for all your hard work . sent one pic only. Can't  load  rest.
Utily trench infill raised substantially higher than street surface.
Large amount  potholes in alley. Alley should just be resurfaced.
Hole in street may become bigger. Looks like  was drilled.
Pot hole near intersection
They dug up  road and don't properly patch  in evening and when cars drive over  vibrates thru my condo. The condo is lava.   keeps everyone up in  evening
Potholes in street
Multiple potholes. Large and deep on  north side  Acorn, in lane closest to shopping center.
Road is coming apart
Large pothole in middle  parking lot very dangerous!
Potholes
Pothole on Mira Mesa Blvd Westbound, #1 lane (far left lane).  Pothole is directly south  SD police department RSVP Station & Entrance to parking lot to Mira Mesa Senior Center.  Pothole is hard to avoid for cars travelling Westbound in #1 lane. Thank you!
Pothole on Sorrento Valley Blvd heading west just before  right turn onto Vista Sorrento Parkway
Please pave  street.  is Upas at  corner  Hawk Street and  is full  potholes. Thank you.
We have noticed numerous side streets and local streets slurry sealed or paved in last couple years.  However, main streets are avoided.   Genesee Avenue from Balboa Avenue to SR 163 is covered wh numerous potholes, poor pavement condion, cracks, dips, etc.   Please make an effort to get  street paved sooner than later.  thanks
Numerous potholes on street.
Pothole on 805 fwy framp under bridge
Pot hole near sidewalk
 about  location, just north   pedestrian bridge and in  center   La Jolla Shores Drive roadway, new pothole in an area that has previously been patched many times.
Deep pothole just f  southbound bike lane.  A cycling accident waing to happen!
Very Large pothole at on ramp to  5 going North, has been getting worse for months. Not safe to stop to take a picture.
ASPHALT DAMAGED BIKE ACCIDENT PER PD
pot hole in culdesac; asphalt in pieces. our street in general is a mess, but  is an open hole wh chunks missing
Several potholes at intersection creating a hazardous condion due to Street gradient.
Several potholes at intersection creating a hazardous condion due to Street gradient.
I think a recent water main repair has caused a giant pothole that is damaging cars that turn right from B Street (heading east) to 34th Street (heading south).
While not strictly a pothole, a road so rough  is like riding a bicycle f-road
Large pothole at  intersection  point where Madison divides into Illinois and Boundary.
10 potholes in a row on mcgraw st down  middle   street
Pothole on lake Murray Drive towards summ park village
Two pot holes going east on Genesee left lane ( inside lane).  Between Marlesta and Boyd.
Large pothole right after  light in  left hand lane going west.
Heading north bound, re's a huge pot hole near  center divide line.
Potholes in front  928 Opal St. Cross street is Bayard Bl. Contact is Bob at 858-454-0808
Pothole
3 or potholes in center and in south lane
Asphalt next to driveway has eroded resulting in 4" lift.
Pothole in  intersection  Hawk St and Universy Av. Contact is Sondra at 619-249-4570
Small pot hole in front  dinner elementary. 3-5 inches deep
On Monday I submted a repair request for a pot hole in  street outside my house.  The  report tracking number   report is 02451767.  I noticed that  street was repaired yesterday...less than 48 hours after I submted  request....Thank you!  I was so pleased to know that  cy is taking caring   infrastructure so well.
Fairly large size pothole spotted on  street in front  address: 3116 Easy St, San Diego, CA 92105
Larrge pothole at West end  intersection  Jarvis St and Evergreen St.
Large pothole hidden by current rain. Corner  Weston Hill Dr & Mira Mesa Blvd, right lane (facing east)
Pavement  street prevents water from draining away and ss stagnant for long period
HAZARDOUS POT HOLE
I h two big potholes on Ingraham  in vacation rd right before  light to turn into crown point park or left to  paradise resort .
Pothole, about 4 inches deep in center lane, travelling eastbound.
Large pot hole at far left lane needs fixing
Large pothole in  middle   road
I 5 South at 52 East on ramp. Huge pot hole on 52 east on ramp merge lane. Wnessed two "almost" accidents as cars swerved to avoid pothole. That pothole will surly damage tires or cause wrecks from people swerving to avoid .
This whole neighborhood has terrible streets. Potholes are patched poorly and n a mess again shortly after. Federal and 60th getting on and f  94 freeway is terrible (and lots  trash!). My poor car and tires! Wh all  businesses and big trash trucks those roads should be redone and not patched over and over.
Potholes in  7900 block  Ollo Ave.
Potholes in both directions  Kearny Mesa Rd both north and south   intersection at Ollo Ave.
Major Pothole corner  Marathon Dr and Fullerton St
Potholes at bottom  onramp
Major Pothole corner  Marathon Dr and Fullerton St.
Pothole started out smaller but is getting larger as pieces  asphalt break f (oval hole now about 1 ft. x 6 in.).
 his location: https://goo.gl/maps/oq6RKmBHpvx         for years now, re's a huge pothole in  #1 lane  Genesee Ave in  uphill section west  I-5 going towards Torrey Pines. 's a sewer access or something like , very deep. needs to be fixed! 1000s  cars each day going over .
Huge new pothole and large crumbling bs  asphalt around 
Pothole
Very big pothole north bound right lane, just south  Vacation Rd, on Ingraham.
Pothole that sps out big chunks  asphalt when driving over . Consequently, big chunks  asphalt "rocks" are sting on  road, easily causing a flat tire.
CAN "YOU" PLEASE FIX ALL THE POTHOLES ON FAIRMOUNT AVE IN BOTH DIRECTIONS THANKS TO THE RECENT STORM? let me know how many requests are needed. Never gets fixed
CAN "YOU" PLEASE FIX ALL THE POTHOLES ON MONTEZUMA RD IN BOTH DIRECTIONS THANKS TO THE RECENT STORM? let me know how many requests are needed. Never gets fixed
Going west on Aero Dr. Potholes due to recent storm
Going east on Aero dr. Potholes due to storm
PER PD SINK HOLE FORMING 3X3 AREA PD EN ROUTE
Large pot hole left by current low income housing construction project in San Ysidro by Beyer trolley station. This hole is deep enough to damage my vehicles suspension. If we could please fill  hole I'd greatly appreciate , thank you.
w  fasion valley. large pot hole formed on south side  friars by convenience store. cause bicylist to fall
Terrible alleyway filled wh large potholes. Just walking through people always trip on  huge cracks. Driving through makes cars go out  alignment.
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Large pothole on east-bound mira mesa blvd. between Greenford Drive and Westonhill Drive in  right lane. The hole was large enough to damage a wheel on my car and cause a flat tire.
Reporting large pot hole on north harbor road near  airport, far left lane, needs fixing.
2 ft across. 2nd request. Some contractor left  street in a bad way.
The manhole cover on Genesee Ave east  Science Center Dr. (Westbound lane 3) is approximately 3" below  paving surface.  The pavement lip can affect vehicle alignment and cause tire or rim damage.update: per water dept refer to stormwater for sunken stormwater manhole cover
Large pothole corner  Haines and Law.
Potholes and extensive asphalt damage in alley between 38th and 39th
Pre rain storm at NE corner Friars Rd west bound right land just at stoplight  Napa St are several pot holes just as one turns right onto Napa St adjacent to SDPD Western Div parking lot. May be part  small underground utily trench. Please refill and compact wh asphalt. Thanks !
Large number  potholes in  outer (#2) lane heading southbound on W Bernardo Dr.
Several in intersection  Ralene and tulip lane
LOTS OF POTHOLES JUST WEST OF TIERRASANTA
On Texas corner adjacent to McDonalds
PER CUSTOMER THER IS A POTHOLE IN THE STREET ON TECOLOTE RD, PRIOR TO MORENA BLVD IN THE EAST BOUND LANE
Man hole cover sunk into  ground on right lane  northbound W Bernardo road. This creates a lip that feels like a pothole when driven over.
This road has been closed for over two years and construction does not appear to making any recent progress. I was informed by a road worker that  cy is now dealing wh a third contract to complete  road due to engineering problems. Street lights were not installed on  new new road and sidewalks. When will  road be completed?
Huge pothole on northbound El Camino Real just past Elijah. Caused me to have a blowout.  Very dangerous
Huge pothole on far right lane
Deep pothole
Cracking asphalt
Cracking asphalt and pothole developing
Several large potholes in front  my house
Pothole
Pothole in far right lane
Eastbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd
Long pothole in east bound lane  Broadway between 10th and 11th Avenues.
Winding Creek is in desperate need  resurfacing. Deep cracks and potholes all over. Lack  asphalt around manhole covers. Looks terrible and has damaged my tires.
Alley pavement is increasingly cracking and sinking.
Horrible potholes in alley between 32nd St and Iowa St. This is one  m, behind 4041 Iowa St.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes for  entire cy block.
Pothole on Scripps Lake drive just beyond 11680 .
35 foot long trench / pothole on 28th St between C Street and Broadway
This is NOT fixed !!! You all have put a blacktop BS  band-Aid  Repair on a sore that remains  inspected and unhealed  !!       s just that simple se bogus repairs to our communy is unexceptable to us tax payers  !!  All  brings to us Paradise Hills residents is disrespect to our communy .... we already deal wh people speeding and NOT stopping at  stop signs As well as ler on Parkside as  is !!!!   We live here and we want  for property....    Enjoy your evening
Large pothole at intersection wh Lake Murray Bl
Large pothole directly underneath stop light heading northbound
PER CUSTOMER ARE LARGE POTHOLE BLEW HIS TIRE OUT. THE POTHOLE IS IN THE WEST BOUND, FAR RIGHT LANE.
PER SDPD THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE AT THE ADDRESS.
Pothole adjacent to  curb between 3621-3633 Indiana Street on  northbound lane side. Car prominently park here, so  pothole may be easy to miss.
Hi There!Can we please have  potholes on  road filled in? I would post pics but re's a ton. Potholes, cracks in  road,  works. If you all could fix  soon, my car-enthusiast coworkers and I would be very appreciative.Thank you, and happy holidays!
POT HOLES galore! Not one picture will do. Can someone please bring ir attention to  road!?
Pothole driving southbound on 30th Street. Anor pothole nearby at 4130 30th Street.
Pothole/ dip in middle lane, travelling eastbound on El Cajon Blvd.
There is a raised section  roadway that feels like a speed bump that's been here for a while. That section could use some smoothing out.
Potholes near  center   intersection  Dagget Street and Convoy St.
Pothole in middle   street 1/4   way down on Peyton Place

Please fix all  potholes on Art St next to Re Aid
Please fix all  potholes here on  street residential so in both directions
Many large potholes going west on balboa
These were fixed but I think just a quick fix . First rain and  is what  did. The rain runs down 5th ave like a river . Needs to be fixed before  next big rain .
Large pothole on west bound Balboa Ave.
Pothole, center lane, West bound. In middle  intersection.
VERY LARGE POTHOLE, VEHICLES SWERVING  E/B MESA COLLEGE WEST OF BERGER
There is a deep pothole in  alley between Oliver Ave and Reed Ave.  looks decently deep though now someone has filled  in wh bs  rock or concrete.  is blocked f wh caution tape, but  is still dangerous to  kids and dogs that play in  neighborhood. Not to mention slows traffic down to single lane in  alley which can be que awkward. Would be so appreciative if  could be fixed! We really appreciate  in our neighborhood.

This is  second up to Pothole's about 50 feet apart
  north entrance,  street pothole has been fixed but  curb pothole is getting bad
pothole on  north side  Clairemont Drive heading west just before  loop-de-loop for  I-5 heading south.
Approximately 20 inches wide and 10 inches deep.  Located in  middle   street In   eastbound lane and crosswalk. You can miss . Thank you for fixing . Have a great December.
A large pothole exists in  right hand westbound lane.   is a significant hazard because  is a high speed portion  Mission Gorge Road.  Can't remember if  is west or east  Katelyn Court, but  is close to .
Pothole in middle  road
Potholes
There is a large dip in  middle   street. The dip on  right side   street is larger than on  left lane. There is no warning   dip anywhere prior on  street.
NE corner  Meade and Hamilton
On east bound Mesa College Drive, between Annrae St and Berger Avenue, especially near Berger re are multiple pot holes. This part  Mesa College Drive recently had underground work done. The patching is simply falling apart and getting worse weekly.
POTHOLES N/B RIGHT LANE AND W/B
MANY POTHOLES 20' FROM INTERSECTION AND TWO AT INTERSECTION
Pothole opening just south  intersection  4th and Juniper Street
Open trench from 1013 28th street running east west to 1014 28 street please fill  trench wh asphalt because  is an usual pothole
Please fill  potholes in  intersection  Broadway and 28th St..
The whole block  Vickers from Convoy east towards Mercury is a minefield  over 30 holes, bad repairs and just plain no maintenance.,
Deep Pothole eastbound on Mira Mesa Blvd in right lane between Westonhill and Greenford
SOUTHBOUND HARBOR DR  POTHOLES...1 FOOT DIAMETER X 6" DEEP, RIGHT HAND LANE
S/B MIDWAY DR @ ROSECRANS...LOTS OF POTHOLES
p/hs all along meade after resurfacing
Extremely bad pothole
Extremely bad pothole
For whatever reason to workers came out today and did not complete  job y patched up one hole re are more as described in my previous service request and for some reason 's difficult to send pictures through my phone I tried to reduce m not working if you have any questions please call me 858-750-5074  street is falling apart and should totally be redone I'll be happy wh cold patch I'm sure  cy can afford that thank you
Multiple Potholes right near patched potholes
(Could not get pin to move) EB Camino de la Reina, just west  Camino de la Siesta, re is a trench 6-8 inches wide, only partially filled, as well as an 8-12 inch square cut out that MUST be filled. I came on m suddenly, blew out a front tire. You are SO lucky you do not have a badly injured cyclist to deal wh. If  is going to be left open on a major cyclist commuting route, IT HAS TO BE MARKED.
Large pothole in Westbound Lane, close to center median.
Fast lane near median
Potholes  for  next 300 yards  between Avenida Magnifica and  Scripps Ranch blvd.   Near intersection   Scripps Ranch blvd  is on both sides   road.
Potholes near intersection   Pomerado @ pedestrian crossing. In  bike lane near chabad center drive.
Car damaging pot hole by  center median westbound towards 50th.
This whole street is covered in potholes and dips and cracks.
Pothole
Potholes in  middle West bound lane
TWO 2X2 POTHOLES IN THE #1 & #2 LANE HAZARDOUS TO MOTORCYCLES.
Big pothole on cross intersection  katelyn ct and mission gorge,  slashed my tire on driver side
MANY POTHOLES INCL IN THE YELLOW LINES
pothole
Large pothole - north bound -inside lane, south  Morley Field Drive
Multiple potholes in  road on  side closest to  sand walk way ( side   road that does not have all   fice buildings).
Multiple potholes on Poway Road heading west from Sabre Springs Parkway towards  15 freeway in  middle lane.
From Constuent: I work for a company located at 7960 Stromesa Court San Diego, CA 92126 and our road is very bad. The pavement has deep cracks, jagged ps, holes ?  is a menace to both people and cars.  is so bad that I am afraid my tires might fail just driving down . We have had an employee trip and fall so hard due to  roads that he had to be taken to  emergency room due to cracking his head open and was out   fice for over 2 days.
s not really a pothole, but a large depression in  bike lane. My wife & I bike here every morning & we have 3 choices when we come to : (1) bike around  into  car traffic, (2) Go down  first depression & n come back up  large bump or (3) try to go between  large depression &  curb [very narrow]. All 3 choices are dangerous for us bike riders & my wife is now on blood thinners. Could you please shave down both ends so that 's a gradual drop down & n a gradual up when biking fast? Also, y're doing some construction between  bridge &  depression & y've created several bumps about a foot wide.  goes across  street. Could you please shave those down also? Thank you!
Intersection  montongo and new Salem.  Huge multiple potholes around  crosswalk.
Intersection  miralani and Camino Ruiz.  Multiple potholes that have been re for years.  Uneven roads, terrible for car suspensions, damaging our cars for years.  Fix  now wh my tax money.
From constuent: Please repair  jumbled mess that's been in  intersection  Sorrento Valley Blvd and Sorrento Valley Road. 's a heavily traveled intersection for over 20 years.  I used to report  potholes but y would be filled and a quick repair and n a short while later again a huge hole. The entire intersection needs to be resurfaced and repaved.
Potholes. Several big ones. Rain will make worse
Unfilled potholes
Large pothole on Universy Ave. going towards 58th St.
On eastbound Camino de la Reina between  163 underpass and Camino de la Siesta, a construction crew has left behind at least two rectangular holes plus a trench, each about 2 inches deep. This is a very popular bike route. The holes/trench present a grave danger  injury or death if a cyclist's wheel drops into  depression and  rider flips over onto his head. Please fill m IMMEDIATELY!
On Gold coast all  way up to  cross street  Westonhill re are several potholes in spots where  is unsafe to try to drive around m to avoid m. These seem to pop up after every rain and need to be filled ASAP as  is causing unsafe driving condions. Cars try to swerve around m daily and  is going to lead to a traffic accident.
There is a large (1.5-2 ft diameter) pothole in  southbound lane  Clairemont Dr. Thanks, Andrew.
Several potholes at ex
Pothole left side  center lane at 30th St sign
Pothole in  middle  Glacier Ave, between Mission Gorge Road & Holabird St.

This is not a single pothole issue. The whole parking lot to  west   golf course fice is in terrible shape. Lots  areas completely deteriorated. Striping is gone in many places. 's really an embarrassment to  Cy.
Pot Hole, southbound, 847 Boundary St.
Pot Hole 825 Boundary St. Northbound.
Pothole
Pothole
Large potholes on left turn lane
Pothole at intersection Northbound lane 2
POTHOLES ON FAIRMOUNT AVE, N/B RAMP, ALDINE DR
Several potholes present that are significant
Tripped and fell while crossing  street due to raised and cracked pavement on 6/8/2018.
ASPHALT TEARING UP. ROCKS ARE EVERYWHERE/TRIPPING HAZARD IFO DRIVEWAY/CONS WOULD LIKE CALL WHEN REPAIRS ARE BEING MADE.
Small pothole after stop sign when traveling North on Del Mar Ave.
Alley has turned into super bumpy road next to disabled home
Gold Cost Dr is a major thoroughfare Street in Mira Mesa.  has at least 6 major potholes  a foot or more. The street is uneven and undriveable.
Pot hole when getting f  Pacific Highway (westbound) going onto Barnett Ave
Hello!  Could  old railroad tracks be taken out underneath  overpass at Pacific Hwy and W. Washington St.?  They are so old and flanked wh potholes all along  rails, that you have to go at almost a crawl to pass m safely.  For all  people that go to  Marine Base, or to  airport, I would think fixing  heavily trafficked intersection would be to  benef  a large part  San Diego's population.  Thanks for your time.
There are a series  very deep potholes blocking  wheelchair access ramp to enter and ex  street.  The asphalt is broken away and missing forming many deep potholes that will trap a wheel on a wheelchair or walker or any assisted walking device or even a persons shoe causing a bad fall or trapping  person on  street.  This area around  Serving Senior building needs immediate and permanent repair as well as ANY or walkways in  area to prevent an accident or possible fataly.  Didn't stop to take photos because s so obvious and  was raining.
Potholes   Terrible patching  or day on parts  Genesee.  Rough pavement and potholes.  Repair between Genesee Avenue and Mt. Alifan and Genesee Avenue and SR163 along Genesee Avenue in both directions.
Badly damaged road and potholes.  Potholes continue up to  intersection at  freeway entrance. There is also a crosswalk sign laying on  ground in  area.  10th report  se issue in  past 60 days.
Potholes and damaged asphalt here.  This intersection is also badly damaged, sagging asphalt, drain covers sticking up and major damage caused by 2017 floods.  50 precious complaints at  location in  past year.
Large potholes
Hot hole middle  street at Orcutt and 50th
The end   street where Moraga connects to Balboa is completely in dis-repair. Multiple DEEP potholes.  Have already had a rim cracked as a result.
Pothole on westbound Clairemont Mesa, just after (west ) la cuenta drive.  is in  left lane right after  crosswalk, in line wh where  driver side tires would h .
Pothole westbound friars
Alley Is Very Damaged Potholes Every Where Filled Wh Water . Seems Like The Pot Holes Are Getting Deeper And Bigger Then They Were . 's Really Bad
Multiple consecutive potholes where roadcrews recently filled up  road due to construction. Potholes are present on eastbound Mesa College Dr between Health Center Road and Berger Ave. Rain is likely worsening  suation.
Large pothole in westbound middle lane
The gutter on  west intersection  Santo and clairemont Mesa is too deep,  bottom  my car always hs.
Sink hole. There are 2 ors by 6452 Cleo St which are marked but haven't been fixed in months. Perhaps all 4 can be fixed at  same time.
This sink hole is in front  5160 La Dorna St. A second is in front  5142 LaDorna. 2 or sink holes are in front  6452 Cleo & are marked but haven't been fixed in months. Perhaps all 4 sink holes can be fixed at  same time
  corner  Alder and Edgeware,  pot hole is growing larger and deeper. While all  streets around Edgeware have been repaired and repaved, Edgeware, from Adams to E Canterbury, has developed more potholes and was never paved during  neighborhood repairs. ?s hard to swerve out   way now, and we are faced wh wheel damaging holes for two blocks, especially at   intersection. Please please repair Edgeware Road from Adams to E Canterbury. ?s two blocks. ?s beem left f  list and ?s fallong apart!
Ok so due to  storm  condion  Montezuma rd got worse. Please repair  eastbound lanes. Too many potholes
Eastbound lanes potholes due to storm
Pothole that was repaired a few weeks ago in  southbound lanes on  14th St. side  police headquarters is sinking again.  The pothole is on 14th St. between Broadway and E St.
Still waing for repairs to potholes going NORTH on College Ave. contractor building new dorms left  street in terrible condion. AND YES THERE ARE POTHOLES
GOING NORTH ON COLLEGE AVE THE LEFT LANE. STILL WAITING FOR SINK IN TO BE FIXED. GOD WILLING SOON
Pothole
Pothole
2 potholes in Genesee center lane, intersection wh North Torrey Pines Rd.
Right where concrete meets asphalt. Several large potholes.
Large pothole, left lane  i15 south. Just before  intersection at 32nd street.
Series  major potholes at  intersection  Miramar Rd and Eastgate Mall near  76 gas station.
Multiple potholes
The streets throughout Presidio Park are in a very dangerous condion.  There are deep potholes at  edge   travelled way and terrible cracks everywhere.
In  #2 lane westbound on Sorrento Valley Blvd 50 feet before Vista Sorrento Pkwy.
Please fix potholes in front  my house and patch missing asphalt where asphalt meets  cement near  sidewalk.  please drive  entire block and fix  numerous potholes in front  my neighbors houses too.  Thx!
The lid for  water meter has been broken. This is a trip hazard and is dangerous.
POTHOLE HEADING TOWARD THE AIRPORT BY COAST GAURD STATION. CAUSED VEHICLE DAMAGE
ELECTRICAL BOX ITS OPEN  AND THERE'S  KIDS ARE NEARBY.SCHOOL NEAR KIDS PASS EVERY DAY.COULD BE DANGEROUS.
9055 Gold Coast Drive east bound lane two large jarring potholes wh chunks  asphalt everywhere
BUMPS ON THE ROADWAY, ALLIGATORING, & POTHOLES. *REPORTED FOR CONSTITUENT.
BUMPS ON THE ROADWAY, ALLIGATORING, & POTHOLES. *REPORTED FOR CONSTITUENT.
Pothole in  westbound lane  Scripps Lake Dr about a 1/4 mile from  intersection  Scripps Lake Dr. and Sunset Ridge
i was exing  8 west freeway onto  morena blvd ex on Dec. 6th, 2018 at approximately 7:10 am when I felt a jolt and heard a loud sound. I immediately felt my car start to wobble and drive differently. I put on my flashers and drove to  Carls Jr. parking lot as I wasn't sure what happened. When I got out   car, I noticed a large hole in  right front passenger tire. The tire was smoking. I was late for work and asked a co-worker to pick me up. I phoned Honda roadside assistance who sent a tow truck to  se at 845 Morena blvd. San diego, Ca. I arrived at  se  around 8:50 am. As he was repairing  tire, a woman ran up and said six or cars were were pulled over wh blown tires from same location  and needed tows as well. She explained  was a hole in  road on  ex. There is a recording  my call to Honda roadside describing  incident and  location.
There's several deep pot holes before  light that feeds into I-5 South. I have to try to swerve around m. Can y PLEASE get filled?
Deep pot hole wh sharp edges
Deep pot hole wh sharp edges, middle  8E f ramp intersection
Approximately a dozen very large potholes along Harbor Drive heading east/south between Laurel and Grape. Primarily in  far right lane
Curb area along sidewalk  Orilla Drive has serious pot holes that need repair. This is a senior housing area and area used for trash pick up. Bad galls are possible.
Pothole in middle  road in front   address,
3 major potholes and a lot  cracks in right hand lane going north west on Clairemont mess Blvd. se are very old and have been here a while. Not a new pothole. Wh  rain y are now major deep actual holes at  point. You need to send a crew out to repair se
Large pothole at intersection  burgener and Clairemont dr
Deep pothole by church



Giant pot hole left lane East bound Grand Ave 2400 block!  Several inches deep and a foot and a half wide.
Same pothole I reported 3 months ago. 's re again.
Pothole in number 1 Westbound Ln.  Garnet Avenue at Soledad Mountain Road
Pothole on north-bound Cabot
Major Tire danger

Pothole right lane westbound Washington at India cross-section.
POTHOLES CHECK BOTH DIRECTIONS
POT AT DRIVEWAY CAUSING CAR DAMAGE.
This is like swiss cheese how embarrassing all  tours have to drive on  road
Large pot hole
2 large potholes.
About a 2 inch wide crack 200-300 feet long on interstate 15 north bound at  left side  ex lanes to bernardo center drive. Was not noticed yesterday but was very obvious  morning. I drive  route and ex daily.
Pothole
Mission gorge rd east bound at  top   ridge.  Right lane.  Several cars pulled over wh popped tires.  I h  in  rain storm.  No lights and unable to see.  Big.
DEEP POTHOLE IFO WELLS FARGO PER PD
Huge pothole flattened my tire
2 FT DEEP/ 3 FT WIDE POTHOLEW/B BALBOA , IN THE #1 LANE PER PD , CHECK
LARGE SINKHOLE FORMING PER PD
Two large potholes about 2 feet apart. Each about 4-6 inches deep and 2 feet long. Located in  right lane.
Huge pothole and deep!!! I reported  50days ago when  was half  size but now  is twice  size and very dangerous given  is on a curve. This is an accident waing to happen....addionally re are a bunch  or potholes on fairmount north towards montezuma.
POT HOLE OR UNKNOWN OBSTRUCTION , 5 VEHICLES WITH BLOWN TIRES  FROM MEADE GOING DOWN FAIRMOUNT , JEREMY
Pothole
Pothole forming in  intersection at Date and Granada streets from last nights storm.
The giant pothole is on Aldine Dr. getting onto Fairmount Ave.
Pothole on NB freeway framp
Pothole
Pothole that has rocks crumbling
Large hole at intersection
Storm-related huge pothole causing numerous blown tires  morning.  Entrance ramp from Aldine Drive to NB Fairmount.  Mayor's fice has been contacted and asked to ensure expeded repair. H62.
test
Pretty deep pothole right in  middle   street.  Just appear after heavy rains.
Huge pothole.  flattened  tires  four cars in a row  morning while I was driving by . Please fix soon!
Very bad pothole 1 yard square near electric pole
There are a lot  potholes throughout  Boston Avenue street. One big hole is in front  my house and  needs to be fixed as early as possible.

Large pothole
big square pothole
Pothole measures approximately 1' in diameter and is at least 2" deep.  is in  #1 (furst left) lane  westbound N. Harbor Dr, approximately 150' west   intersection  Harbor Drive and Spanish Landing/Airport Terminal Rd.
Large pothole. Enough to cause motor cycle to go down or damage car tire
During rain storms  facily leaks water into our building. This has been a long time problem and believe  water is leaking into our building due to a faulty joint between  asphalt and concrete curb. There is water leaking into dressing rooms. There are also some pot holes along  area. Photos demonstrate  cracks. Please resolve as quickly as possible. The fices address is 1245 7th ave, SD 92101 for  San Diego Symphony. The cracks are on 8th ave.
Big craters in asphalt roadway at intersection.
Recent roadway trenching pavement is degrading and a pothole has formed at a driveway entrance near  gas station.
 approximately 8:20am today (12/7), I was driving down Grand Avenue towards Mission Bay Blvd when I ran into  largest pothole I've ever seen.  The car in front  me was an oversized truck so y didn't swerve to avoid , leaving me ltle time to react and had I tried to swerve to avoid , I would've h  car next to me as  took up a majory   lane.  I instantly got a flat tire as I was in a sedan and  pothole was at least 6 inches deep and about 2.5 feet wide. I intend to follow-up wh  cy once I know  cost  damage to my vehicle.
Pothole in curb line
DAMAGING POTHOLE,    FLATTENED / 2" SIDEWALL CUT  ON TIRE.  LAST NIGHT  19:00 HOUR      EAST BOUND  FRIARS ROAD, RH LANE 2   APPX.  100 YARDS WEST OF  THE  ARCO  AM/ PM STATION..    had to replace tire @ $100.00
Large pothole middle  street on Wells corner  Alicia dr
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes on  bridge.  20 year problem.
2 large potholes.

Pot hole 700 w laurel street  corner laurel r/s east as you go up hill.   Carolisa Morgan 619-206-3298
Can u sent people to fix  pot hole From 46 to Fairmont at  myrr road
Huge pothole
Huge cracks in road.  Multiple locations on and near Short Street btwn East and West Talmadge.
See previous report
Huge cracks and potholes
Missing layer  pavement on side  road
Just as you go through  intersection  Waring Road & Adobe Falls Road going up hill on Waring to Allied Gardens, you can see all  washed out asphalt from  pothole. Hole is close to  center   road, size is about one foot in  diameter, several inches deep. Caused by  heavy rains.
The intersection  Cactus Road and Siempre Viva Road has so many potholes I can't count m. Filling  potholes does not work at  intersection due to  extremely high volume  18 wheeler businesses that are based on Cactus Road. Repave  intersection.
Potholes
2 potholes inside  intersection  El Cajon Blvd at Texas Street. First pothole (in  photo) is near  SE corner   intersection. 2nd pothole (not in  photo) is located in  NE quadrant   intersection (where northbound Texas Street traffic continues through  intersection).
Potholes
Big one northbound lane
Potholes
Pothole in westbound right lane near liquor store at India st
Huge pothole in  right lane, heading southbound on Nimz.
Huge pothole in  right lane, heading southbound on Nimz.
Yesterday my boyfriend and I were driving home from pracific beach when we suddenly h a huge pothole going east toward  5 south freeway on grand avenue.  was raining and near where y?ve been doing construction which probably caused . Popped my front brand new driver side tire. This is on a really busy road and very unsafe.
Potholes
BIG POTHOLE WHEN YOU MAKE A LEFT TURN FROM LINDA VISTA ONTO MESA COLLEGE DR
Huge deep pothole in west bound right lane
BIG pothole on eastbound side  La Jolla Village next to  turn in to  Aventine (Hyatt etc) parking garage.  Please fix before  damages cars and tires.
huge pothole
LARGE POTHOLE CAUSED DAMAGE TO  3-4 VEHS E/B GRAND JUST BEFORE THE HIGHSCHOOL

East bound side  Grand avenue in Pacific Beach re is a giant pothole in  left lane.  is right after  intersection  Grand and Culver. Messed up my front left and rear left tires. Will be filing a claim
Pothole at concrete
The start  a sink hole
PER PD, OPEN TRENCH ON MIRA MESA BL RIGHT BEFORE THE 805HAZ PER PD
8" pothole + broken asphalt Median lane northbound on College 100' before intersection  Del Cerro Blvd
Between  2 east bound lanes just at  end   concrete bridge and where  asphalt begins is deep pot hole pre recent storm/rain needs filling to eliminate bone and vehicle jarring/damaging  experience. Pls fill asap please. Thanks for filling in all  or potholes I have reported.
Large unsafe pothole northbound near Embassy hotel.  This cannot wa.
Massive pothole on northbound on ramp to Fairmont from Aldine. Will cause damage to vehicles if not repaired ASAP
2 HUGE potholes in  middle   Lake Murray Blvd / Navajo intersection
Pretty big pothole in right lane  eastbound La Jolla Village Dr between I-5 ex and Lebon Dr. That section  road has a lot  patched potholes from  past,  is anor one near those.












Potholes
Potholes
LOOSE STEEL PLATES
Pot hole on  street. Cars tires h get damaged.
There is a large pothole on  street
Alley pavement is terrible, Needs work
Very large pothole on Poe st at  corner  Locust
Large deep dangerous pothole right as you are trying to get on north 5 freeway near Washington Street.  VERY DANGEROUS!!!
Large chunks  asphalt laying around street and driveways after recent storm.  Street was fairly recently repaved due to underground repair work.  Asphalt is falling apart now.  I observed   morning when vising family at 3123 Jarvis St.
2-3" deep by 3' wide pothole in left lane  north bound Pomerado Rd., one or two blocks north  Rancho Bernardo Rd.
Huge pothole in  right lane going down Pershing
We still need Carmel Mountain Streets repaved! Stoney Peak Drive is awful!! Why didn't you just have m drive up  hill and complete  neighborhood??
POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION
Rt lane southbound Santo south  Clairemont

Pothole on 10th and speeding
Large Rectangular pothole Northbound Pomerado Rd in  Fast Lane (Left Lane)  between Pomerado Court and Pomerado Place.  There are also some smaller potholes as you travel up furr including one right before Mirasol.
Intersection  Nimz and West point Loma in ocean Beach area. On  lane next to Dusty Rhodes park/dog park in cross walk
Rain damaged road
HUGE pothole Just saw a truck lose a hubcap when h  pothole The bottom  Washington Street is  worst road in San Diego and nerds serious work.
Westbound lane  Washington Street at India.  Large pothole.
Pothole on East bound side  Navajo and Lake Murry
LARGE POT HOLE ON OCEAN VIEW BETWEEN 40TH AND BOUNDARY.
Pothole In middle lane on east bound balboa at  stoplight
Very large pothole/gaping crack in  middle   road stretching about one block. Worst spot is around a curve.
Potholes
Deep pothole in road that cut  sidewalks  two  my tired
La Palma potholes
Alot  potholes on Myrtle Avenue between Fairmount Avenue and Chamoune Ave. This road is in very nad shape.
Two large pot holes
Several potholes on westbound balboa between 805 and mt alifan dr.
Multiple potholes and rough road near and where old tracks cross road.


In  ALLEY between Grand ace and Thomas between Morrel And Noyes. Tires getting caught in holes and ridges dangerous.
Camino Del Rio North between Qualcomm Way and Mission Gorge Road is in need  repairs to cracks and potholes and resurfacing.
Two or three giant potholes has popped three people's tires in one day
Lots  potholes. Small. When we get more rain  will be horrible.  This road is disaster from Lake Murray to Waring
Pothole

El Cajon at Texas crosswalk pothole
2 potholes on West Pt Loma Blvd just past Temecula St.
Very large and deep pothole in  middle   intersection  westbound Navajo and lake Murray.   caused a flat tire on my car.
Big pothole in right lane near lane divider heading south.
Pothole in crosswalk on eastbound, far right lane (left side  lane).
Lake Murray bl at Navajo Rd
Water main broke and was repaired in October/November. The trench y left and filled poorly has eroded after  last rain and is lerally like a huge pothole affecting every vehicle driving up or down Cleveland Avenue. Your department should vis, inspect and repair.
Massive pothole (2 ft wide) on Washington going west. Norrn most lane. Can easily cause flat tire or accident.
Tons  potholes.  Please dig up road and repave or patch holes wh concrete.
Large chronic pothole.
Getting bad
Street crumbling potholes all along street
Big pot hole. Dangerous for scooters and such.
Street crumbling potholes along street
Street crumbling potholes down  block street
Bad pothole street crumbling
Pothole street crumbling
Potholes and street crumbling along block
Potholes on Corte Sabio facing paseo lucido
Will be a bad pothole when chunkdislodges
Lots  deep fissures along block



Bad potholes in busy intersection


14 inch Pothole in right hand lane on west bound Balboa Ave.
2 large potholes in  right hand lane westbound

Large and deep potholes.  One 2'X 3'.  20 year problem at  location.  Cars are coming to a complete stop trying to navigate  devastated roadway.
Water meter below grade  roadway. Damage being caused to meter and vehicles in all between cherokee and monroe, 4500 block
Very large pothole 18in deep at least 18 in wide at intersection  Via Capri and Senn Way
Numerous PATHETIC repairs  a road patch on Gardena Ave!! Motorists and people in wheel chairs have to  continue to go around .  needs to be scraped f down to  height   2 small metal cover plates and n resurfaced LEVEL AND SMOOTH
Numerous cracks and potholes on Nutmeg and Kew Terrace
For  love  god can you please fix  5 potholes here going south on College Ave? I've been putting requests for months now and y never get fixed
Large dangerous pothole just before light
PLEASE FIX ALL THE POTHOLES AND DAMAGE TO MONTEZUMA RD DUE TO THE RECENT STORMS. POTHOLES ON BOTH SIDES GOING EAST. PLEASE FIX
NB near water cover @ Archer
Large Pothole Northbound Ln., #2
NB near center line at Soledad Way
Sever potholes
Potholes
There are numerous potholes on Corridor street between Ironwood Road and Negley Ave, including  one in  photo. 's very dangerous as cars have to drive on  oppose side   road to avoid m.
Long tear on  middle   far right lane heading east on  north side  fashion valley Gas. Also a large pothole along  tear.
PNew pothole at Juniper and Albatross
Large nasty pothole in middle  road!
Their are multiple potholes on  cross streets  Kesling ct. and W Kesling St.
Intersection  Field St and Fairfield Street. Ongoing street work occurring along Fairfield; streets are patched wh asphalt and re are metal plates at that intersection. A very large, deep pothole has developed next to  metal plate. Drove over  today. Didn't like  way my car shook. Unable to see  until too late due to asphalt and dark colored metal plates.
Potholes turning lane to southbound 5 on eastbound Coronado
Pot hole in #1 lane
2ft wide by 6 inch deep
There are multiple potholes on  street and  adjoining streets.  As a parent I am concerned for  childrens safety because people aren't paying attention to where y are driving as y are trying to maneuver around  roads and streets. I almost got h while walking wh my 3 yr old daughter and handicapped 5 yr old son that uses a walker.
Huge pothole that seems to have been repaired caused me to get a flat.
Big hole northbound lanes in first lane
Approx. 2 foot pothole on southbound Nimz just north  W. Point Loma.  Danger to motorcycles
Poor drainage creating potholes


Pothole in  number one lane that connects to Barnett
Lots  potholes between Barnette and Rosecrans.
This section  asphalt needs more than simply a pothole repair.
THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON THE FAR LEFT WEST BOUND LANE OF CLAIREMONT MESA
Pothole
Pothole
Deep potholes in various Lanes in area. Rain made much worse.
Lake Murray Blvd & Navajo intersection
Potholes at Lake Murray and Navajo Intersection.
There are two large side by side potholes.  is nearly impossible to avoid both.
Large pothole SB Santo @ intersection.
When you turn onto Success from Ruffin Rd  first dip/street Is Marathon and that dip has a large pothole.
Traveling eastbound from Nimz merging onto SeaWorld approximately over top  Ingraham Street left lane left front wheel terrible loud damaging pothole 2 days ago
Pothole
Pothole
Two huge potholes
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Both d.c. directions  Midway Dr. Is terrible.
Both directions  W. Point Loma Blvd.  are terrible.
A huge pothole by  traffic light on Seaworld Drive and Mission Drive.
hole is in  middle  intersection
Southbd lane
Asphalt in repaired road has large sunken area. Eastbound Portobello Rd. near  end   bumps.
Soutbd lane many holes
Pothole before  traffic light heading south at  Friars and Sea World drive
Pothole by Nimz and Point Loma
Large pothole in  right hand lane (going up  hill on Waring Road) at  corner  Waring Road and Adobe Falls Road.
Broken road

There is a large pothole and que a few  addional smaller holes and bumps in  street close to  curb at  souast corner   intersection.

Deep pothole on Carmel Mountain Road, going north, just passed Rancho Carmel Road.  is in  second lane going norlth.
Pothole
Pothole needs repair (2)
Pothole needs repair (2)
Westbound Mt. Alifan, just past  intersection wh Genesee
POTHOLES & BUMPS IN ROADWAY DAMAGED ALIGNMENT. ON WEST BOUND CLAIREMONT DR APPROACHING 2700 DENVER ST. REPORTED FOR CONSTITUENT.
A fairly large hole has opened up under part   alley behind my house and caused part   adjacent driveway to collapse.  The hole is under  concrete alley almost directly under where large puddles form whenever  rains.  Not sure exactly when  hole started but noticed  partial collapse Sunday.  Looks like water drained somewhere under  alley causing  hole.  Currently cannot get  cars out   driveway due to  hole.  The collapsed section is about 2 - 4 feet wide and 1 - 2 feet deep currently as far as we can tell.  Concerned that more rain will make  much worse and trash trucks driving over  alley re cause collapse more.  Hole  directly under a pipe that doesn't seem to connect to anything that has an iron cover (picture included)
Please repair  asphalt at  intersection  Olney Street and Pacific Beach Drive.
Heading north on Pomerado Road between Camino de la Gallardo and Greens East Road re are two different pot holes.
Large dangerous potholes on Mission Gorge between Princess View and Old Cliffs Rd.
Potholes in  intersection  Via Capri and Hidden Valley Rd. Contact is Steve at 619-987-3141
Large potholes in  intersection  Via Capri and Senn Way. Contact is Steve at 619-987-3141
Pothole on Kettner right past grape
Potholes. Contact is Steve at 619-987-3141
The concrete one way street is all broken up. Thanks for your response.
Potholes. Contact is Steve at 619-987-3141
Many deep potholes on Balboa Ave between Shopping Center Drive and Mt Abernathy Ave.  is to dangerous to try and take pictures  m on Balboa Ave. motorist are not kind  u r in  street.
In  center lane, right before  traffic light on Mission Center Road before Mission Center Court.  HUGE pothole that damaged my wheel  morning on my way to work at 5:00 AM.
Huge pothole in front  driveway, Has been repaired before but keeps coming back
3 Very large pot holes on Harbor drive across from Spanish Landing , West bound lanes . Just west  McCain rd.all three lanes are effected. I h  large pot hole on Friday night ( 12 7/18) ,  put a 3" wide gash in my tire and bent my rim, plus  alignment is now pulling left. We had to be towed to Discount tire on Rosecrans ( Closed ) so we left  car re and spent  night at a Hotel so we could make our Christmas party at Bay Club.
BIG POTHOLE AFTER THE RAIN
Multiple deep potholes in  area impeding traffic and redirecting automobiles to cross into on coming traffic.
Big pothole get m fill before someone pops a tire
Pothole
Pothole
9251 trin trails drive all  way to paseo montalbon needs to be overlayed and removed
This is more  a sinkhole than a pothole.  In  gutter in front  4118 W. Point Loma Blvd. re appears to be a sinkhole forming where  water connection for  property runs out to  water main. The opening into  "sinkhole" is a ltle less than 1 foot across but underneath  concrete   gutter and asphalt   street  appears to be washed out and is que a b larger.  The hole is in a parking lane so 's not being run over by traffic. Sorry, I didn't think to take any pictures.

Pothole left after flooding. Dangerous and larger than a tire.
Big pothole at  intersection  W Washington St and India St. The address is  a Yoga studio and  pothole is on  street right outside    market  studio is located in. On Saturday night (12/08/2018), around 9:15 pm, my car h  pothole and right after I had a flat tire and got some major damage on  wheel. Had to call in AAA to help me.
Huge pothole was made after recent rains
Near curb
Water box was back filled wh dirt after massive repair for sinkhole and subsequent water line replacement.  I explained  would wash away and begin to undermine  street again but nobody returned to complete . If  is not closed properly we will have anor sinkhole.
Greater than 1' x 1'
Pothole w/b on tierrasanta bl but closer to santo rd than to  freeway
A really big pothole
uneven area (pothole,bumps etc.)
Potholes on Sea world drive eastbound
Huge hole on Rosecrans by  traffic light.
WB CAM DEL NORTE IN FAR RIGHT LANE. CAUSED VEH DAMAGE
Pothole on north side  Morena Blvd . . . . Just east  Nashville Street
Several large pot holes
4th time I have reported se potholes in  alley behind Arizona Street in between Madison and Mead
Deep pothole heading east on seaworld drive about 100 yds past seaworld ex from parking lot
Please get  fixed for God's sake  is  fourth time I have reported !
2 Pot holes in front   Town and Country Hotel near  stoplight under  freeway.
s getting deep enough to damage a car, or require dangerous maneuvering to avoid.
This whole section  f-ramp needs to be repaved.  's cracking up everywhere.  's bad enough that most people try to avoid that whole lane if possible.
16" dia
Also, y're doing some construction between  bridge &  depression & y've created several bumps about a foot wide.  goes across  street. Could you please shave those down also? Thank you!I don?t know how to work your computer system, but on Report # 02457497  indicator is in  wrong spot & I?m not certain  address is correct. ?s on West Mission Bay Dr. and ?s a large SDG&E Plate about 4 ft. X 6 Ft.
Pothole as you make a right hand turn from Camino Del Norte on to  15 fwy south.  In  cross walk.
Multiple Potholes
Large pothole
Pothole
Sunken asphalt (3rd request)
deep pothole behind  fire station
several potholes on on  east bound section   heavily trafficked road
The pothole repair here and  ors to  east have all failed and are worse after  recent rains!!
Pothole on west bound seaworld drive just past intersection
The alley is in horrific shape.  Huge holes.
Numerous potholes in pavement
Large pothole in right (#2) lane
The whole section  street is cracked and breaking down badly
Massive pot hole needs to be fixed ASAP I ran through  in my vehicle and  was extremely dangerous
Pot hole growing weekly

There are multiple potholes on both  Eastbound and westbound sides   road and scattered across all three lanes. They are deep enough that y cause traffic to swerve to avoid, creating a hazardous condion. Please fix

Massive cracking. This street is f to be repaved.




Two large ones



Growing pothole
Huge pothole and mess
There is a large pothole on  left side   far right lane going South-West on Mission Gorge Road near  Old Cliffs Road intersection.
Pothole on South leg intersection  Clairemont Drive and Burgener Blvd
On Saturaday night re were at least 2 flat tires because   pothole
Several potholes in left lane  southbound Clairemont dr.  Near turn lane to Ute.
soutbd lane
Potholes on Camino Del Norte traveling w/b from I-15 to Bernardo Center Dr. Contact is Tammy at 858-218-5245
Potholes in center lane  westbound Miramar Rd shortly before  pyramid (near  large sunken divot in  left lane that causes people to serve).
On Fairmont Ave at  entrance ramps to 8. The cy should repave  whole area and save allot  money and not put  crew in danger.
6 inch
5 inch deep in  middle  alley
pothole
pothole
Several potholes on eastbound Pomerado Road just west  Chabad Center driveway.


Several potholes on westbound Pomerado Road roughly 300 to 500 feet East   Scripps Ranch Boulevard intersection.
Several potholes on westbound Pomerado Road just West   Avenida Magnifica intersection.
A couple potholes on eastbound Pomerado Road just west   Avenida Magnifica intersection.
Entire block westbound has potholes
Potholes in left lane making undriveable condions. Vehicles going to birdland are having to swerve into  or lane to avoid.
Pothole on Presidio Drive going up  hill
Pothole on Presidio Dr
Approximately 4 potholes
Pothole at stop

Large pothole after  storm that needs to be patch immediately
On maple canyon road/walking path near  fallen trees.


Foot  maple canyon

There is a pothole on  northbound lane  Willow Road, directly in front  Willow Elementary. Debris  pothole is affecting  rest   street.
Westbound on Mira Mesa Blvd in far left lane; directly before you enter  left turn lane at Camino Ruiz.  This is a pretty large square hole.
18" pothole#1 lane w/b
Sink hole starting, deep hole, going to start a sinkhole
Big pothole in  #4 lane  westbound N. Harbor Dr between Winship Lane and Liberator Way.
GROWING P/H IN MIDDLE OF ST 100 FT NORTH OF MT ARARAT
This is a potential sinkhole -  street is caving in at  intersection  Mt. Ararat and Mt. Blackburn. This is less than a block away from a school, and could potentially be que dangerous.
Pothole on southbound N. Harbor Dr at  intersection wh W. Grape Street. No address number was provided in  app so, here's  Google maps link   location. Dropped Pinnear Harborview, San Diego, CA 92101https://goo.gl/maps/6ZhqD2tC2V92
Pothole on southbound N. Harbor Dr. Immediately past  intersection wh W. Grape St.
After  rain last week, re is a pothole that needs to be repaired immediately before  could cause accidents to  commuters.
Pothole in  south side crosswalk at  intersection  W. Grape St. at Kettner Blvd.
On  corner  Texas and El Cajon BLVD. Facing EAST on El Cajon BLVD
On  corner  Texas and El Cajon
Potholes on Genesee..Heading east to Hiway163 from Linda Vista Rd. Deep ones causing cars to swerve to avoid.. Very Dangerous Suation!!!!!
Pothole in front   signal on corner  Mt Alifan Dr (going west) and Genessee Ave (going south).
Number two lane on Miramar road heading west east  Carroll Road
The road was recently resurfaced but an area in  south bound lane primarily and on  north bound lane is so uneven  bottoms out my shocks on my e320 benz. Just as a comment  company you chose to resurface  roads in our mid cy area did sub standard work  low qualy. There is also an entire cy block  3297 columbine street which y completly ignored and has 15 pot holes in and no top surfrace left to to 
Pothole just inside  intersection  Pacific Highway at W. Juniper St. This is located just inside  southside crosswalk as northbound Pacific Highway traffic enters  intersection.
Large pothole on La Jolla Village Drive near  Hyatt driveway.
NORTH SIDE OF OCEAN VIEW 20-30FT FROM 40TH ST.  DAMAGED VEHICLE
Multiple potholes in  middle lane  Kettner Blvd running from  Southbound I-5/Sassafras Street framp all  way to Vine Street.
POSSIBLE SINKHOLE  3 FT LONG 1 FT WIDE 1 FT DEEP
Pothole in  right northbound through lane  N. Torrey Pines Rd right near or prior towhere  Callan Rd onramp merges.
Potholes on eastbound Old Town Ave as  approches Moore Street. Also re's a pothole inside  intersection near  SW corner   streets named in  report.
Tons  potholes on clairemont mesa blvd between ruffin and shawline.
Large pothole in middle  street outside my house
Pothole at end  Burgerner at  intersection.
Pothole after bridge on westbound mission bay dr near freeway onramp.
ROAD IS SPLITTING
HOLE NORTH OF FLORIDA (S/B DIRECTION)
Pothole
long cracks and p/hs along clairemont mesa
Lots  potholes on Pomerado btween willow creek and avenida magnifica.
Lots  potholes traveling w/b from airport ex terminal to Mc Cain Rd. Contact is Jane at 619-829-3523
Since  water main flood and all  heavy trucks from Restoration Management Company and  contractors working to repair  damages to our property,  alley has taken que a beating. Can someone please take a look at ?  Thank you.
Pot holes
Potholes
Potholes in  left two through lanes  northbound Pacific Highway right by  San Diego' Park Shuttle & Fly ex driveway.
Pothole on west bound side  street. Contact is Dwayne at 619-818-1265
Two very large potholes heading west on El Cajon Blvd, at  Texas Intersection, far right straight lane.
Potholes in  middle northbound lane is Pacific Highway underneath  Pacific Highway/Southbound I-5 overpass.
Potholes caused by rain runf
POTHOLE IN THE MIDDLE LANE/ PHOTO ALLEGEDLY DAMAGED TIRE. REPORTED FOR CONSTITUENT.
Potholes in  middle northbound lane  Pacific Highway between  northbound I-5/Pacific Highway framp overpass and  closed f pedestrian overcrossing.
Potholes
Pothole in east bound side left lane

There's a pothole in  eastbound side   roundabout at senn way and via Capri. Can't miss .
Multiple potholes
Multiple potholes
La Jolla Parkway leading to/from  52E, 5S is full  potholes, some  which are que large and dangerous to traffic. Also  East Bound side has what appears to be a very dangerous tumor that probably needs emergency removal.
Potholes
Potholes on both sides
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Terrible potholes that has caused ten flat tires in  past hour
Several potholes on  street southbound before  Carl's jr. Unfortunately, I drove over one causing damage to my car along wh a flat tire.
Potholes
Potholes
Porholes
This morning I was exing  target parking lot and had to swerve to  right lane. Good thing no cars were behind me or on  right side. The pothole is on  left lane southbound.
pothole appeared after  most recent rain, seen on 12/10/2018
Pothole before bridge
Pothole under bridge before seaworld blvd ex
Pothole at end  ramp
Pothole
Pot hole middle Lane west bound
Pretty large pothole in  right lane going south on Pershing Drive.  is hard to spot as  is right after tight curve and cars are going fast.
DEEP POTHOLE SIZE OF A STEERING WHEEL...DRIVER CALLED 911 , SAYS NORTHBOUND ROSECRANS TO NORTHBOUND 5 CONNECTOR BUT ON ROSECRANS CLOSEST X ST HE REMEMBERS IS KURTZ ST...RIGHT LANE
Pothole in intersection  Imperial and 13th st.
(1)  There is, what can be described as, an overgrown pothole in  cul de sac approaching our driveway. Any amount  rain causes  end   cul de sac to become flooded and standing water for several days.  This is important because  property is in  center   Clairemont Christmas Card Park.  We have heavy vehicular and pedestrian traffic now thru Christmas.Below is  report made earlier  year to Engineering, wh no results.(2) There are six small holes approximately 2" in  circumference and approximately 2" deep in  sidewalk near my driveway.  According to  neighbors y have been re for que some time.  They present a hazard for pedestrians, especially those wearing heels.  I have been  owner   property for a short time and would not wish for injury on or near  property.
Big pothole
BAD POTHOLES ON EL CAJON (CLOSE TO ROLANDO CT)
"Mor  God" pothole: West pound Balboa Ave., center lane, just East  Mt. Albertine intersection.
Pothole 1.5ft X 1.0ft and 4 inches deep on northbound side  Carmel Mountain Rd, just north  intersection wh Rancho Carmel Drive
EASTBOUND  @ INTERSECTION  DEEP POTHOLE WILL NEED WHEEL REPAIRS

After  cy workers repaired a leaking pipe at  corner  30th and Commercial (really almost in front  yellow gate  brick building, closer to  trolley tracks), potholes have appeared that are unsafe.
POTHOLES/ ASPHALT DAMAGED AFTER RAIN ON MILTON BETWEEN BURGENER & ILLION
Deep 3-4 " Inch Pot Holes in at least 3 areas  Filipo and Aragon to Rolando 6300 thru 6500 El Cajon blvd on  East Bound Side lanes 1 & 2 Severe deep Dches(Pot Holes)Also a couple  deep dches on  West Bound side These areas are chronic and some construction crews are in  general area, but some  se dches are not being "filled" in properly, OR y are "Sink Holes" which get deeper...
BAD P/H IN WB LANE. JUST PASSED THE 805 FREEWAY
MANY POTHOLES IN BOTH DIRECTIONS ON SAN VICENTE BETWEEN WORTHINGTON & NORM ST
Potholes on left lane going to freeway underpass. Cars are swerving into  right lane  traffic to try and avoid m. There is an MTS bus stop along  road too so  combination  that, rush hour traffic, and  potholes is very dangerous.
In  middle   street
2 huge potholes on 3500 blk kearny Mesa rd. One across from Target parking lot and Pure platinum. Got a flat tire from  one across from target!!!
Large pothole on Waring Road, directly East  "Adobe Falls Rd"
Steady water discharge since 2008 as per Google Images. Creates potholes at intersection wh Aero Drive. As a result, multiples claims continue to be filed wh Risk regarding se potholes. Water appears to be seeping out from a storm drain. Reported on behalf  constuent.
Pothole at ramp entrance
Large trenches left in street that makes my bike ride very uncomfortable
Several areas in  3200 block  Haller St., where  street is slowly sinking.  Part   street is asphalt patches and part concrete.  The concrete and  asphalt are separating and dropping down.  This last rain  asphalt sunk 1" plus, closest to  3240 Haller st.
Large pothole at  intersection  Otay Mesa Rd and Cactus Rd by  bus stop. 5ft x 3'. Contact is Jose at 619-576-3764
VERY LARGE POTHOLE BY MCDONALDS
Pothole in turning lane turning from Clairemont Mesa Blvd Eastbound onto Santo Rd Southbound.
1ft deep & wide middle lane going north
Pothole north on Maryland
Pothole south on. Cleveland
Two large potholes just north   Waring Rd and Adobe Falls Rd inersection. Or potholes furr north up  hill on Waring Rd.
Giant pothole, left lane traveling west.
Huge pothole in middle lane  westbound Balboa about 300ft past Charger blvd.  Deep and jarring.
Heading Northbound on Midway at  intersection outside  post fice building is a pothole that is half  size   lane and easily 1-2feet deep. I drive a Mazda Miata and  would definely swallow my wheel if I h .
FIX THE POTHOLES GOING NORTH ON COLLEGE AVE PLEASE?
Fix  sink in   street on  left lane going north please?
Fix  potholes going eastbound here on montezuma rd please?
FIX ALL THE POTHOLES IN BOTH DIRECTIONS ON ALL LANES ON FAIRMOUNT AVE FROM MONTEZUMA RD TO THE FREEWAY PLEASE?
Many Potholes between 163 and Linda vista road on Genesee. Entire road needs resurfacing
There is a large pothole on Villa La Jolla Drive going northbound when about to turn right into  VA San Diego Healthcare System.
  intersection  Front St and W E St sinkhole about 2' wide. Contact is Rachel at 760-505-9345
Intersection Stoplight at S Woodman Street &  Alcona Street has TWO medium ( Paradise Hills) , Potholes that need patching up ASAP. So many cars are trying to avoid  by slowly driving around . Thank you .
The entire alley is a disaster area, but after  rain we had, a very large, very deep pot hole has formed.
Westbound on Mira Mesa Boulevard in  left-hand Lane is a large pothole. This is right across  street from  Taco Bell.
Potholebatv turning corner from southbond Genesee onto Mt Abernathy
Multiple pot holes on Vista Hill Avenue over  entire length   street .Unable to obtain images due to heavy volume  traffic.
Pothole. Causing kids to fall f ir bikes.
Potholes on Genesee Avenue east. Left lane. Causing traffic flow issues since re are about 10 potholes throughout  lane.
Large pothole from large construction equipment working on SDSU's new dorm. Located just west   dorm on  eastbound lane  Remington
Large pothole traveling westbound on N Harbor Dr in #1 lane just before Liberator Way. 1 1/2ft deep by 2ft long.
Pothole
Pothole
lehardy and 28th street re is a deep pothole  please fix.
Small potholes on  strip  32nd street road.
Very bumpy, should consider resurfacing  road leading to freeway onramp.
Our bus operators are reporting  growing potholes on El Cajon Blvd & Texas Street on both sides   street heading eastbound and westbound.  The holes have grown significantly, please see attached photos.
Bad pot holes in street by front gate  Standard Plumbing 3535 Camino Del Rio West. Please repair
Large pothole on #1 lane (sournmost lane) Mira Mesa Blvd.  Westbound side  Mira Mesa blvd.  Pothole is approximately between  Starbucks and IHOP.
Large pothole

Large pothole on  westbound side on Balboa Ave between Charger Blvd and Cannington drive, oppose Kavod Charter School
6-8 or more large deep potholes on Genesee Ave westbound from Hwy 163  to Linda Vista Road in #1 lane
6 ft long, 1ft wide, 6 inches deep; several more furr south on Pershing but not aggregated yet
Very large pothole south on Rolfe Rd. Contact is Michael at 858-582-5389
Several large potholes are in  street in front   Pacific Steel Group building.
Large spl in road on Eastbound side  Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Residents are driving in  bike lane to avoid driving in  spl.
a few large potholes on airway rd, very large and car damaging. hazardous

Huge pot holes in extremely dangerous location. Potentially damaging vehicles
Huge pot hole on street in middle  lane north  Florida Dr and 26th st and Pershing Dr intersection going north on Pershing dr by first sharp curb, very dangerous for motorcycle drivers

on genesee going south in between linda vista and  freeway entrance are large potholes
Potholes in entire block  Clairemont drive between Joplin and Clairemont mesa Blvd
Several pot holes
There are two large potholes in  middle   intersection  Woodman Street and Alsacia Street, San Diego, CA 92139.
2? deep 1-1/2? wide pothole right at  signal light at  intersection.
Deep pothole.  South bound Morena blvd
There was a huge pothole that we h on Dec 7th approximately 7pm .   ruined  rim and tire on my front left tire.  My vehicle is a 2000 Celica GT.   blew  tire and bent  rim.I took  tire and rim to Discount Tire and y said a new rim would be $148 and $ 45 - 65 based on brand chosen
Milton street between Illion and Penrose is once again falling apart.  When repaired,  will be  seventh time in less than two years - patic!

Pothole eastbound lanes near electric box #2675
18" diameter at  crosswalk in  westbound lane  Burgener Blvd at Clairemont Dr.
Asphalt patch is extremely bumpy whin  intersection  8th Ave and Washington St heading westbound. Needs to be ground down or replaced wh concrete to match.
Multiple potholes and generally rough roadway at intersection, particularly on Via Frontera at W Bernardo Dr.
Pothole about 4? deep X 2? X 3?, in  right lane  S-bound Convoy St,, at Clairemont Mesa Blvd intersection. My phone does not have service; please correspond via email, if needed. Thanks.
Deep pothole near  curb line North east corner  fourth and G by 7-Eleven
Pothole before drainage strip
Pot hole in left westbound lane, right at  intersection.
Potholes
Kearny Villa Rd was just repaved a couple years ago, 2016/2017, but now has a lot  shallow potholes between Clairemont Mesa Bl and Ruffin.  Maybe se could be repaired before  gets bad.   seems  shouldn't have started failing so quickly so maybe re was a problem wh  mix.
Potholes
Multiple pot holes
Pothole
Potholes on both sides  road impeding flow  traffic and creating hazard during rush hour. Please at least temporarily repair se.
2 potholes on south side just before speed bump
There is a large pot hole on Ridge Manor Avenue right before  hs Madra Avenue.
There is a large pot hole on  North bound lane  College Avenue before reaching Del Cerro Blvd.
Pot hole expanding
Adjacent pot hole
Pot hole
Pot hole at curbside
Pot hole oppose  street
P0t hole at curbside
Pot hole at street center
Pot hole
Pot hole
Pot hole
The cy cut into  cement where I drive into my driveway high y going to lay some more cement down or just leave  like that?
Pot hole
Potholes, many in 32nd between J and isalnd
New pothole needs filling. Thanks !
Last night at approximately 6pm, I got f  freeway and headed towards my apartment at 3749 Grim ave. On my way re, my front left tire h  pothole pictured on North Park way.   time, cars were parked on  right side   street, and or cars were going down  left lane. Space was very limed and lightning was minimal on that street. As soon as I got home, my tire was hissing air and by  morning  had gone completely flat.
Pothole after on ramp.
There is anor large pothole a few feet from  one I reported a few minutes ago.
Reports  Multiple Potholes along West Hills Parkway.
Multiple potholes when you get f 163 S and onto Genesee Ave before Linda Vista Road
multiple potholes on point loma blvd and midway
Multiple potholes whole street needs repaving

Eastbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd at Convoy
Pothole
Large pothole.  This area has badly damaged asphalt and has for more than 20 years.
Large, deep pothole in  middle   intersection  Tierrasanta Blvd and La Cuenta Dr
LARGE POTHOLE AND CAR DAMAGING ON THE CORNER OF EPSILON AND HIGHLAND, GOING TOWARDS NATIONAL CITY IN THE RIGHT HAND LANE
far right lane
Travelling NE in right lane towards Balboa Ave., two large potholes right before you reach  address which is Marsten Middle School.
3 potholes 2-3 inches deep. In southbound Enrico Fermi #1 lane
There are several potholes in  #1 lane  West bound Coronado Avenue in  South Bay.  They start at Mendoza Elementary and extend west for a few blocks.
Southbound Executive Way,  right turn lane at La Jolla Village drive, re are many deep potholes.
Big pothole on second middle lane
The Midway Dr. is one big pothole.  But  area from  intersection  Barnett Ave to Rosecrans is particularly bad.  There are deep potholes and  driveway into Micheals is broken. I drive throughout  cy for work and can't understand why you would not fix  major thoroughfares.  Fairmont Blvd., Midway Dr., College Ave, Universy, El Cajon Blvd., La Jolla Pkwy,  list could go on.
There are multiple potholes on San Carlos drive. This is a highly traveled street due to Pershing Middle School. Please fill  potholes and seal/resurface  street between Boulder Lake Drive and Lake Badin, minimally.
Pothole is on Rosecrans Street at Garrison St.  The pothole is on  Eastbound, outer lane  traffic (curbside).  On east side  Garrison.
Pothole at edge  pedestrian crosswalk across Burgener
Porthol
POT HOLE PER 3002 CONSUMER FLAGGED HIM, THE POT HOLE IS IN FRONT OF THE ADDRESS , 3002 PLACED TEMP COLD PATCH.
Numerous potholes
Large pothole
3 big potholes

This was not fixed in October even though Get  Done reported  closed (02429899). This is a terrible pothole asphalt patch job that is a real safety hazard.  has huge irregular lumps and completely blocks  bike lane.  is also right at  curve in  road. If A cyclist hs  at full speed  cyclist could definely be thrown f ir bike, so people on bikes are forced to swerve into  road to avoid  bad pothole patch job.  is  most dangerous spot for a mile in eir direction, because  is right at a big curve and pushes cyclists into  car traffic.? Location: 11300 Sorrento Valley Rd
Multiple potholes on southbound Genesee Ave.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions between Richland St. and Linda Vista Rd.
Multiple potholes in both directions along Genesee Avenue.
Badly damaged asphalt and pothole
Pothole in  number 1 lane.
Pothole on Camino Del Rio West eastbound.
Various deep potholes on Northbound College Ave. between  I8 f ramp and Del Cerro Blvd.
Potholes
Potholes
Multiple potholes along Barnett Avenue in both directions.
Pothole is in  southbound lane  Mt Acadia Bld, just south   intersection at Via Bello. There are several holes located wh 20 feet, one a foot or more square, several that are more elongated approaching Via Aquario.
Multiple potholes along Barnett Avenue in both directions.
Multiple potholes along Barnett Avenue in both directions.
Multiple potholes along Midway Drive in both directions.
Potholes along southbound Linda Vista Rd.
Pothole on north bound Waring Rd at Adobe Falls Rd
Asphalt filler has eroded away and left a big hole.
While driving through Commercial St. I swerved a car exing from a nearby business and I h  pothole. A pothole that caused damage to my both front and rear passenger after market wheels.
Large potholes in back alley !
Pot hole at  curb
Potholes
Potholes
The entire street was resurfaced a year ago and  recent rains washed away a good amount   coating and left us wh large pot holes.  Who are se people you are hiring to do resurfacing?  y are using inferior products and wasting tax payer dollars.  Please inspect and ensure our dollars are not being wasted on sub standard coatings that wash away.
2 foot around pot hole. Huge.
Pothole
Multiple ptholes 5100-5300 block
Large pothole in front   high school
This pot hole is actually a big hole on Coast Walk Trial in La Jolla about 50 yards north from  Cave Shop on Coast Blvd near  Cove ,  is above a sewer/storm water pipes. The erosion has been going on for over two years and reported to Stormwater Dept - Roger Wammack twice.  The hole is eroding  trail wh each rain storm and is now 50%   trail, seriously impacting public safety to  pedestrians who walk  trail. This continues to be left unchecked or repaired and needs immediate attention. The only people trying to rope f  area are locals who know  is a problem including putting cy construction signage and plywood covers, however after  weekend  wood and barriers were tossed in  ocean leaving  growing hole exposed to all who walk  path. Addionally,  addressing  now will cost much less than realigning  trail as was done by Coast Walk Bridge  past year. This is no longer something that can be left to fail w/o serious consequences
Road falling apart.
Pothole on Miramar Rd going west after turning right f  I15
Lots  potholes on Camino Santa Fe going west.
Pothole on far right lane on La Jolla Village Dr going east
Large pot hole caused a car to damage  guard rail too!
Deep pothole
Deep pothole
Deep pothole on very busy street
Pothole
Pothole
South bound left lanes multiple pot holes.  Why not repaired when North bound lanes were repaved?  Getting larger and causing damage to tires!  2 Flat already hting hard.
Pot hole
Potholes
Multiple potholes
Potholes
You guys can fix potholes here? Yes? Yes? Several  m on 59th St never get fixed
Several  m on 59th St never get fixed
Rectangular pothole returns! Southbound right lane just after  curve. Approximately 5" x 30"
Madrone Street, on  hillside above Imperial Avenue, between 63rd and 65th Streets, is in a real mess. In addion to significant potholes, re is a large section whout guardrails  any kind. The road is narrow and, wh two cars passing, one car could easily fall down  steep embankment. Also, re is loads  trash, especially in  steepest areas, much  which is going down  hillside/embankment.
Has worsen ...  entire area needs to be dug up and RE BLACK TOPPED ..Seriously
deep potholes when entering intersection crosswalk going eastbound towards library.
Huge pothole under freeway overpass, Via de la Valle west-bound.
Large pothole in middle  road.  Approx. 2? deep and over a foot wide.  ?s on Mt. Acadia and Via Bello intersection.
Large deep pothole traveling north on Morena Blvd between Tecolote and Knoxville
pot hole on marina blv. & knoxville

Large sink hole
Pothole before light. Large
Big pothole which I reported a week ago. This really damages my tires! 's where  whe line is broken up.
Numerous potholes whin  intersection (Quince & Balboa Dr.)
Pothole at intersection  Carmel Mountain Road and Canter Heights.
Horrible pothole
Large pothole present at  south east corner   Mesa College Drive and Linda Vista Road.  is located in  lane closest to  sidewalk, in  middle   cross walk on Mesa College Drive!
There is a large pothole on  2nd lane   17th street right before  intersection.
One large pothole to  right side   road by  gas station driveway

southbound La Media Rd just under Hwy 905 at Airway Rd.  Huge potholes in area  4 way stop signal, n going E on Airway Rd. re are numerous potholes at  next intersection which are causing traffic issues where people are crossing double yellow line to avoid  holes.  Road gets flooded and is heavily used by semi trailers heading to border crossing.
Pot holes middle lane West bound
Potholes
Pothole northbound Waring Rd. Right lane. Just past intersection wh Adobe Falls Rd.
Pothole on Camino Del Rio N, eastbound lane. Just before curve.
Potholes Waring Rd. Southbound just where  spls to eastbound and westbound I-8.
Pot hole at intersection
Pot hole at  intersection
P0t hole at  intersectoon
Pot hole at  corner
Pot hole at  corner
Pot hole at  intersection
Pot hole in  center   street
Pot hole at  curb
Pot hole at  curb
Pot hole at  curb
Pot hole in  street
Pot hole in  street
Pot hole in  street
Pothole
large pothole at least 3 inches deep

Potholes on both sides  genesee. Needs to have entire resurfacing.
potholes, 2  m on East side  40th on Ocean View.
Streets in area are filled wh potholes, illegal dumping in alleys and water pipelines, please address  matter after maintenance wh water is finished. Potholes are damaging our vehicles throughout  neighborhood.
Enormous pothole, westbound Mira Mesa Blvd, cross street Dabney Dr.
POTHOLES ON EAST LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR A BLOCK BEFORE LEBON DR. PARALLEL TO HYATT HOTEL. HEADING AWAY FROM 5 FWY NORTH OVERPASS. REPORTED FOR CONSTITUENT.
WESTBOUND CAMINO RUIZ, NORTH EAST SIDE OF THE LIGHT, LANE CLOSEST TO THE MEDIAN.
Large pothole 25 inches wide by 15 inches deep in  crosswalk

Potholes everywhere just new and old one just was done now  stone are in  street from  pothole
There are potholes from 8085 Lake Adlon Drive to 8002 Lake Adlon Drive. There is an addional pot hole at  corner  Balsam Lake Avenue and lake Adlon Drive.

MULTIPLE POTHOLE. ONCE POPPED HIS TIRES. REACHED OUT TO THE CITY TO GET REIMBURSEMENT BUT WAS DENIED.
MULTIPLE POTHOLE. ONCE POPPED HIS TIRES. REACHED OUT TO THE CITY TO GET REIMBURSEMENT BUT WAS DENIED.
a series  potholes on Highwood Drive between Bigsby lake and Bobhird, please help! 's in a school route as well. please! help!
This street is in desperate repair.  We are afraid  street will become a giant sink hole.  There was a water main repair many years in  general area and has become worse over  years and wh  rains.  The damage to  street is located directly in front  our drive way, also re is no barrier.  There is a large drop f into  canyon.
Multiple potholes and cracks on W Pennsylvania Ave and Eagle St between W Pennsylvania and Sutter St.
numerous potholes on eastbound Ted Williams Parkway between Rancho Carmel Drive and Shoal creek drive.  Middle and fast lanes are  worst
Multiple potholes and cracks at freeway on-ramp entrance.
Several pot holes have popped up after  last rain between  light and  fwy on ramp.
Rectangular pothole, 6 foot long, 8-12 inches wide, 2-4 inches deep.  In  downhill lane.   area where a car went  over  guardrail a few weeks ago.  Several guardrail supports are broken or missing. Guardrail heavily damaged in that area.  But main concern is  rectangular pothole on a street that is 50 miles an hour wh no lighting in  area.  I reported  to Streets Division 3-5 days ago but had only seen  from my car.  Today I walked over to  and took photos.   The pothole is still re.  Hazardous.
Large pothole in right lane
VINCENT JOHNSON @ 6198624484  WB OF 40TH ST. BIG POTHOLE
One pothole and one crack in left side  lane, while travelling westbound on Universy Avenue.
HUGE pothole that has damaged multiple cars! My tire was ripped open due to  deep and sharp edged pothole at  location and cost me $300 to replace  tire.
Pothole: A hole in  road in  right lane going down Pershing
multiple potholes in southbound lanes  Montongo south  Goleta Road. (Montongo Road needs to be repaved entirely)
Multiple potholes on Glencoe Drive from Helm Street to Jamacha Road
Big deep potholes , cracks , rocks ,on street in front   address, 's  old palm ave road... s complete my hazardous to drive on & to walk on for Tennant's at  address... 2701 palm ave. SD 92154. s been Repaired about 8 year's ago...&  need's emediate attention ASAP .  need's to be replaced wh new pavement not Repaired... If not fixed attended to s complete negligence on  Cy  San Diego. Someone can fall slip walk ing , jogging ,driving due to  steepness   hill street. ect... Please contact me Mike at 619)253-3074 representing  Garcia family who own  land property  premises .Thank you for who  may concern.
Dangerous one for  left-turning to  163.

This steet is an absolute disaster. The potholes are  size  tires and re's at least 8  m.
A few spots in  eastbound left lane are extremely rough between Torrey pines and  freeway ramps.  is among  worst sections  roadway I have driven on in  cy. Dangerous at  posted speed lim.
Large pothole at stop sign. Thanks!
Potholes
Street is in bad shape wh potholes and new ones please repair. Section  street sunk in
Once again anor request. Can you repair  condion   street here. Anor pothole and re are BUMPS also. Why can you not repair properly please?
Please repair road condions here. Street is uneven and bumpy. And yes potholes
Please repair road condions here. Street is uneven and bumpy. And yes potholes
Reported several times already re is a POTHOLE going east on Aero Dr here
Pothole.

Two potholes
Large pothole in  southwest bound lane
Potholes
Very large pothole on I-5 south f ramp just as you attempt to merge right to turn right onto Imperial.
The Street on 5796 Plumas Street has potholes that are uneven and unfortunately, yesterday, going to my car wh flat shoes ... I fell and  brought a big bleed and scab form on one   knee legs. Please come to  street on 5796 Plumas Street area and repair and make street even.  Thanks.
Huge dangerous pothole at  end   15, across from 32nd Street gas station
Big pothole forming. Westbound side.
Numerous large and deep potholes
Pothole
Potholes
Large pothole at intersection
Pothole
Pothole
One extremely large (hazardous and dangerous) pot hole and numerous smaller pot holes up  stretch  Waring Road. This portion  Waring Road was resurfaced late 2016 or early 2017 and wh  first rains had pot holes.  See reports #00134801 and #00148148.  Seems if  road had been repaired properly se pot holes would not keep reoccurring.  This latest one could cause a serious accident!
pothole in front  address and along  street
P hole in  side   street
This pot hole is going to take someone's wheel f!!!!   Why isn't  getting fixed?
Big pot hole
Potholes
Potholes


IFO DENTAL OFFICE FAR RIGHT LANE
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes.
Pothole

Bancrt and North Park Way - pothole in  middle   intersection
Large pothole in middle  intersection  Bisby Lake Avenue and Navajo Road.
Road Falling Apart - Chunks  Asphalt. Probably one   worst roads in SD that sees decent traffic. Saw Cy  SD survey crew on street and y said  really needs to be addressed and is dangerous to cars and people. Used as primary access to homes on 40th St
Step up in pavement eastbound.
Multiple potholes in right lane
Big hole on  road
100-400 meadowbrook.  Potholes in both directions and in both lanes.   I have alrady ad 2 tires damaged previously from  location that cy failed to compensate me for.
6100-6900 imperial ave.  potholes in both lanes and in both directions
Very rough pavement
Potholes
Northbound number 1 lane

Large pothole at west bound Genesee Ave near Boyd Ave, right lane.
Large pothole at near intersection  Genesee Ave and Linda Vista road.
Eight potholes southbound lanes Clairemont Drive.
Bad potholes both directions
Possible sink hole next to sidewalk on hill

Huge hole I fell in  pot hole and  gave me a flat tire.  's on  side   intersection next to Bank  America.
Numerous potholes on College Avenue northbound lanes between highway 8 & Del Cerro Blvd
Large pothole in left lane on southbound ex from I-15 to 32nd street
Pothole in  #2 lane on  transion ramp from southbound Pacific Highway to West Washington St.
There is a big pothole in  right turn lane on Mira Mesa Blvd. going eastbound, before Black Mountain Road.
Several potholes in  area heading westbound.  Thank you, David
Several potholes in  area heading souast.  Thank you, David
Several potholes in  area heading westbound. Thank you, David
Potholes both sides   street


12" diameter, 4" deep
Can you please fix  asphalt ripples on  right lane at  intersection wh Mission Village? The right turn lane is full  ripples
Potholes
There are two very large pot holes on Pacific Hwy, shortly after  sign "Pacific Hwy ex 18 A", in  right lane. They've been filled in, but one  m is fully exposed and  or will soon follow. I appreciate your help.  If you need, please contact me.
west bound
Off  94 freeway.  Right f  freeway big pot hole cracked my rim.
Many potholes in alley
There is a pothole right around a sewer manhole.  Lat/Long 32.829952, -117.167939 at 4816 Cannington Dr, San Diego, CA 92117.  See attached images (2).  This was observed on 12/18/18 at approximately 2 pm.  If photos are not received please let me know, I can send via email.  Katie Padilla, Transportation and Storm Water, Storm Water.  Kpadilla@sandiego.gov. 858-541-4318.  I think re was one or manhole in  same condion on  street.  Please take a look.  Thanks!!

HUGE POTHOLE GOING UP HILL DAMAGING CARS AND CAUSING ACCIDENTS. IT WAS ON MULTIPLE TV NEWS OUTLETS AND RADIO.
Pothole
Asphalt is dug up, chunks  asphalt in street as you turn from Acebo Drive onto Obispo Road
pothole between 7300 - 7400 Paradise Valley Road
TIRE DAMAGING POT HOLE ,  2 X 2 WESTBOUND LANE .
3 large potholes right next to each or.
"BAD POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION AND POTHOLES CONTINUING UP LAUREL RIGHT SIDE HEADED TOWARD BALBOA"
Pothole.  Two tires went flat on 12/8/2018.
Work done by Street contractor or main water people has sunk
The section  Birch and 39th st. San Diego is in urgent need  repair.. After  recent rain  street pavement shows  dirt underlayment.   The street section        has been ignored by cy pavement crews as  rest  Birch was previously paved. Please send someone to scene and observe needed repair..
Pothole on Euclid
Large pothole caused flat tire. Contact is Carol at 619-200-0927
All  Ruffin Rd full  lots  potholes.  Contact is Carol at 619-200-0927
Pothole in right turn lane

Messed up turn lane

Pothole
A sink hole has been forming in  street, and is getting worse.  May be a broken pipe.
Badly badly damaged asphalt.  Cars are coming to a complete stop trying to figure how to navigate and get over  damage.
pothole needs filling
Potholes
Large pot hole in right lane by gas station
I fell to  curb from  Huge pothole that I didn't see nor should  be in a Park.  Balboa park "America's Largest Urban Park" I almost h my head on  side walk everything on my left side hurts. THIS NEEDS REPAIR! This broke my skin hurt knee my ankle ribs and my side. This should not have happened to me.Just a new visor and saw what a shame  upkeep is to make vising falling at any age. My ankles hurt too probably trying to save myself but fell I asked my friend to take  picture  me as I was  hurts to h cement!Shannon Larson,Shannonlia72@gmail.com
Three pot holes.
POTHOLE IFO SCHOOL W/B
POTHOLE WEST CURB LINE EAST AND WEST BOUND
Pothole when exing  deadend street onto Harbor Drive next door to Harbor Collective pot store.
Looks like a speed bump across  whole entrance lane once we get on  5N from Osborn street.  If we stay in  far right lane to merge into  15N our cars h  speed bump really hard.  I think  pavement is riding up overtime.  I don't think  was meant to be that way. 's a freeway
Potholes
near  address, in  leftmost southbound lane is a bad pothole (squarish shaped), that caused damage to my tire, a pinch flat wh a hole in  sidewall  my tire. I had to get a whole new tire.  This happened to me on Monday 12.17.2018.
Lots  Pot Holes on Elm Avenue between 18th Street and Saturn Boulevard.  This is a dangerous street to drive on because   many pot holes.  This street section is crumbling and desperately requires immediate new re pavement wh new asphalt.  Please repair quickly.   Thank you.
Large pothole traveling east on Twain avenue, near Stadium Club bar.
Potholes
Potholes on State St northbound.
Pothole in middle  intersection. East bound left lane.
There are several potholes on Elm Ave between 18th Street and Saturn.
Long pothole / rut that seems to match up wh tire tracks from Vehicles turning from eastbound Camino Del Rio South onto northbound Mission Center
Going NORTH on College Ave. re are potholes here that NEVER get fixed. Please? Please fix?
The work crew have cut  road and left  long vertical pothole clear across  road.  's been re for weeks.  would be nice to have a temporary covering so no damage occurs to cars.
P/H EASTBOUND
Potholes
POTHOLE AT MID INTERSECTION E/B
There's a small but deep pothole right before  intersection
Pothole in  intersection
Deep pothole just over  bridge on Morena blvd north before  garnet f ramp
Large pothole on  edge  driveway, progressively getting worse as mailman drives over  daily.
Southbound Convoy, approacing bus stop.  Pothole was recently filled but all fill washed out in recent rains.
There is a rar large pothole here and a smaller one a ltle farr up from  one.
Two potholes
The potholes are on westbound Via de la Valle, just west  Polo Point, and east  El Camino Real.  There are some water utily metal covers that stick up from  pavement, which seems to have subsided around m.  There are multiple potholes to  west  those.  There are also issues on eastbound Via, but mostly loose pavement and a lot  crumbling bs.
Several Potholes, Very Rough Asphalt, Pooling Water.
Pot holes and eroded asphalt
Big pothole wh degraded asphalt around 

A fairly large hole has opened up under part   alley behind my house and caused part   adjacent driveway to collapse.  The hole is under  concrete alley almost directly under where large puddles form whenever  rains.  Not sure exactly when  hole started but noticed  partial collapse Sunday.  Looks like water drained somewhere under  alley causing  hole.  Currently cannot get  cars out   driveway due to  hole.  The collapsed section is about 2 - 4 feet wide and 1 - 2 feet deep currently as far as we can tell.  Concerned that more rain will make  much worse and trash trucks driving over  alley re cause collapse more.  Hole  directly under a pipe that doesn't seem to connect to anything that has an iron cover (picture included)

Missing manhole cover potential hazard to bicycle us or motorcyclistSouth west corner  Ji's Street and 14th right above  crosswalk
Large pothole.
Multiple large potholes from  corner  Stanley and Seminole following  park to  stop sign by  basket ball court. More potholes if you take a left towards El Cajon Blvd.
In need  repair/repaving particular  intersection  Baroness Ave and Gold Coast Dr where recent rainfall had created numerous potholes.
Large pothole a few feet from  manhole at  top   alley behind Northgate Market and Lea St. if you come from below you don't see  and  will damage your car.
in advance  a slurry seal project over a year ago, a couple potholes were created to expose embedded metal markers for a dry utily trench (telco/power?)  These potholes have never been repaired.  2 holes, 6-8" diameter, about 4" deep, and 2 feet apart.  Please repair.  Thank you!
All  Milton Street from Illion to Tokalon is a continuous array  potholes.  The resurfacing work that was done has disintegrated and re's gravel and chunks  asphalt everywhere.  The last rainstorm tore up  street, which should not happen.   was obvious when  resurfacing was being done that  contractor was doing a bad job.
MULTIPLE POTHOLES CAR DAMAGING
The street, Camino del Rio North, which leads onto Camino de la Siesta, is ltered wh potholes and road damage. I can only attach one image to  complaint, but re is far more damage along  road than I can show in one photograph. Please fix  side street, I use  daily and need to swerve around  potholes in order to protect my car.
Series  deep potholes between Gold Coast to westonhill along Lipscomb
For  last two years potholes get fixed n after  first rain storm y come back.   is time to do  job right and use our tax dollars prudently.
N/B TIRE DAMAGE
Multiple areas  street concrete are elevated, jagged, crumbling and pose a danger to tires and walkers.  Photo # 1, 3, and 5 are  a 15 foot long jagged area  broken and raised concrete, including a legal parking spot.  #2 is an area in  middle   street.  #4 is what has to be driven over to access a driveway at 13648.  Three people have been sending requests for two years to have  dealt wh.  We will also be sending se pictures to our councilwoman and Mayor.
broken utily cover  some sort.  is on Paseo Lucido, just south  Calle Saucillo in  left lane as you head south. The hole is still re!  I think  is a utily box  some sort, but whatever  is,  open hole is still re!
Intersection  La Cuenta and Tierrasanta.  's large enough to damage a tire.
There is a pothole in a repaired area in  intersection  30th St. and Myrtle St.   There is also a transverse bump in  intersection  30th St. and Dwight St. This bump appears to be  result  a gap between a steel plate and  asphalt.
Deep pothole in  intersection  La Cuenta and Tierrasanta Bl.
Entire lane  on new Salem st at intersection has multiple pot holes
Potholes
Huge pothole that appears to have been filled improperly.
There are  multiple potholes all over Genesee both ways in  left lanes. Before you pass  163 freeway

Very deep pothole @ Southbound I-5 onramp (enter via 1st Ave., San Diego).
Milton street is covered in potholes after  recent rains
Had tire damage on big pothole.
Contractors have been replacing water a sewer lines in  5000 block  Fir St. They've left  street filled wh large bumps and holes. Please send a crew out to level  street.  causes noise and damage to our vehicles.
Huge pothole causing major damage to tires/rims/or.
Pothole, damn!  Why isn't  fixed?????
Pothole is getting deeper and wider.
Severe pothole in  intersection  Tierrasanta Blvd, & La Cuenta.
Large pothole in front  762  as you turn south from kelton rd to bollenbacher
Pothole in northbound transion lane from Pacific Hiway to Barnett Ave
Many potholes
Large pothole. Pls fill as  is my 4th request. Thx!
The cy has repaved poorly se last two times. After two storms  lanes are uneven and filled wh potholes. These repairs are funded by our taxes and  repairs were done extremely incompetently, local civil engineers have commented on cheap materials, incompetent staff, and basically  lack  know-how. Please fix  permanently!
North bound Santo
MULTIPLE POTHOLES, CRACKED ASPHALT
Asphalt (street) along crosswalks at  intersection  Third Ave and Cedar Street has separated from  concrete crosswalk by 2" to 3" in several places. The gaps are so wide that people's shoes, wheelchair wheels, canes, and or things catch.  We have wnessed many trip-and-fall accidents.  One  our employees caught her heel in a gap  week, fell, and sustained a nasty injury to her hand and arm. Grass and or things are growing in  gaps... The asphalt along  concrete crosswalk at  intersection is pulling away in all four crosswalks at  intersection. See attached Googlemap and photos.


H huge pothole just after I exed I5 north at la La Jolla village drive
WB #1 lane on North Harbor Dr east  Liberator Way, pothole
Large pothole
Large pothole
MANY POTHOLES ON MILTON STREET NEAR CECELIA TERRACE, PLEASE CALL CUST SHANE 6192493750
Pothole
POTHOLE NIMITZ WEST OF ROSECRANS
UNEVEN STREET ON MIDWAY BETWEEN ROSECRANS & BARNET T
Walking norrnly direction in  crosswalk at El Cajon & Normal on 6/12/2018.  Deteriorated crosswalk trip and fall.
HUGE POTHOLE  at  corner near Southwest Baptist Church.
Asphalt damage. Near 5001 Chollas Pkwy  Quince St.
The whole street  Barnard  has multiple potholes.
Missing valve lid in Street
Pomerado Rd / s  Highland Valley rd n/b lane
large pot hole.
Pothole
Sunken asphalt
Potholes
There is a huge pothole on Alvarado road between  Chevy dealer and RV Resort. 's around 3' x 2'. A chunk   road is missing
There is a deep pothole in front  my driveway, and more up and down Golftcrest Drive between Mission Gorge Rd. and Navajo Rd. Requires immediate attention.
I took a hard fall in  alley way just next door to California Bank and trust. I was lucky enough to only have some scrapes and bad bruises on my knees, but for someone that is more fragile,  could potentially cause a serious lawsu wh  cy.
Big fresh pothole going up Waring Rd at Adobe Falls Rd . Contact is Kurt at 619-669-5277
Pretty big hole. Thanks!
Badly damaged asphalt and large pothole.
Damaged asphalt and potholes in both directions.
Pothole
Potholes
Our street is filled wh potholes and chunks  asphalt missing everywhere.
8351 New Salem Street east bound side (same side as library ) has been nothing but potholes for months now..so very jarring on  axle...always seems to be wet so impossible to dodge large amount   potholes....help please!
Anor really large pothole not far from one I already reported by  gas station. This one half way to  first drive way in to Northgate Market. Right eastbound lane  Universy Ave.
Pothole in center  road on Kettner just right where  intersects Grape, on  south side   intersection
Many potholes (10+) on Vickers street between Mercury St and Kearny Mesa Rd for last few years.  Please fixed  street.
Pot holes in  alley
More potholes
A lot  pot holes
Pothole
Big deep pothole where  blacktop is missing to a depth where  old concrete that's holding up perfectly is showing.
Deep pothole just before  stop sign prior to heading down into  canyon.
Barnard Street, between Chapman St. and Bob St. has multiple potholes all up and down  street. When  Dylan Point Loma Apartments was under construction, heavy trucks tore up Barnard Street. After  apartments were built and  street was left in disrepair,  street was never repaired satisfactorily. The entire street needs to be repaved.  is ltered wh potholes that get worse any time  rains. Crews have gone through and tried to repair  potholes, but  repairs are short-lived and return, especially when  rains. Again,  entire street needs to be completely repaved. The fixing   potholes is not a permanent solution.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes.  20 years and counting.
holes northbd lane

Very large pothole on right side, southbound.
pothole near  souast corner  Mesa College Drive and Linda Vista Road.
There are about 10 potholes on Elm Ave between 18th Street and Saturn.  When will  potholes be fixed. Actually  street should be repaved.
Pothole near  center   intersection  Camino Del Rio West and Kurtz Street.
Pothole In. Driving lane
Potholes in crosswalk.
Potholes all up and down Milton Street
Love  street and pothole repairs at 92111 thanks
Deep pothole where pedestrian curb cut where cement meets asphalt. Trip/fall hazard.
Pothole next to manhole cover - road degrading
Lots  potholes on San Vicente St between Cardiff St and Sawtelle Av.
Numerous deep potholes in  area.
Numerous deep potholes on 6th.  25 year problem.
Deep potholes and missing crossing markings.
Hello, Both  se homes has several potholes that need to be smood out and evenly repaired.  I fell on  area and several more are still on  road due to wear and tear and construction maintenance in place.  5796 Plumas Street and across  street area that has potholes that need to be evened out. I fell and bled and unfortunately,  healing part   has not healed.  I do not want  incident to happen again.  I had a hard time walking and painful for me to bend and stand up. Been medicating myself for self treatment. Please repair as soon as possible for anyone to have an unfortunate casualty again. Thanks.
Pot holes
Milton St and Cecelia Terrace in San Diego, 92110
Potholes
Crater towards  southwest end   crosswalk at Laurel and State
A very big and deep pat hole
Very large pothole
Big pot hole on  left turning lane headed north.
Wow  cy isn't helping  homeless and  streets
Pothole









If you are headed up  hill on Garrison from Rosecrans toward Chatsworth, as you cross Clove you can not possibly miss hting  3-4 foot wide pothole whout swerving to  right to avoid on-coming traffic.
Dangerous pothole
Ex ramp south  to La Jolla village  drive has HUGE pot hole!!!
Road sinking around valve cover
Deep pothole in southbound (right) lane right around  ex to Sunset Cliffs. Caused sever damage to front left wheel.

Large pothole. Dangerous, cars have to go around come placed in  road.
giant pot hole
Southbound Executive Way (right lane) before  crosswalk at La Jolla Village Drive, re are many potholes. You closed my first report whout doing any repairs.
Very very large pot hole in  center   Coronado Avenue/Thermal Avenue intersection.  This pot hole has damaged cars that are not aware    during  evenings.  Please repair asap!
Pot holes on Saturn Boulevard between Elm Ave/Palm Av.  Please repair asap.  Thank you.
Deep sunken hole north on Maryland. Recent asphalt patching isn't holding. Needs permanent repair. Heavily trafficked area.  North on Maryland.
Pot Holes on Coronado Avenue between Saturn Boulevard/Green Bay Street.  Please repair asap!  Thank you.
large pot hole
Major pothole. Appears re is a cover  some kind that has caved in. Deep enough to cause major tire and rim damage. Currently someone had placed a cone over  causing people traveling in  left lane intrude into  right lane. Possibly causing a collision.
W/B 15 FT BEFORE OVERLAND  LARGE POTHOLE
Two potholes obstructing driveway and pathway for vehicles
There has been repairs to  sewer system in  neighborhood and roads have been cut open. The filling  one  se holes outside my house by  curbside beside  water meter  has opened up a hole. There appears to have been an attempt to fill  hole but  has opened up again. This is a problem for curbside parking as  hole is a danger to cars that are parking.
Very deep pothole- center  intersection in what would be  left eastbound lane. Needs attention ASAP,  one is dangerous.
Pothole on  southbound Genessee Ave towards Bannock Ave
Multiple potholes on El Camino Real starting from Del Mar Heights up to San Dieguo Rd
Huge pothole  could not avoid hting  may have r/f tire/wheel damage
8577 Flanders Drive ..east bound lane ..2 potholes right next to each or make  hard to dodge...very jolting.
large pot hole
Numerous pot holes just south   address in northbound lanes

Huge pothole in curb line next to 7-Eleven on fourth and G


Large DEEP pot hole on  North East corner  Fourth Avenue and G Street.


WB  pothole
Several pot holes on Mt alifan street
Pot holes
Lots  potholes
In front  Caffe Calabria, northbound side  30th Street
Numerous potholes
Totally devastated asphalt.  20 years and counting.

Badly damaged asphalt
in  Eastbound lanes
Potholes near  part  Coronado Ave (in both directions)
in  Eastbound lane
large pot hole

Please investigate  street condions on how pipe replacement contractor is handling . Street is terrible condion needing a 4x4 to drive on . From  point all  way to 67th St. Taxpayer dollars wasted
Pothole in northbound lane just north  Opportuny Rd
Many potholes in  alley between Utah and Idaho (and Polk and Howard)
Lots  potholes on Milton Street after recent rain storms
Many potholes here. Creates dangerous suation for bikers who have to swerve for potholes and drivers who don't give bikers space. Would really help if crews could care for Market St. here. =] Thank you!
Multiple deep potholes in eastbound lane  New Salem at Camino Ruiz. These potholes have been re for several years. They are caused by some perpetual underground water issue. They affect cars & also pedestrians walking across New Salem - can't even walk in  crosswalk because y are so bad, and filled wh water. The biggest is now about 12 inches across and 10 inches deep. HAZARD --- I have reported  in past years, but  source   problem has never been resolved.  is not obvious where  water is coming from - My photos are taken early on Xmas eve, when we have had no rain for many days. Please,  is a very heavily travelled intersection, wh school kids,  library, etc. Cars are almost stopping in  intersection to figure out how to navigate around all  holes. THANKS
There are significant grooves in  bike lane on Eastbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd. that are hazardous to bikes and may cause a rider to fall if ir wheels enter  grooves (see photos).  The bike lane surface is very rough between I15 and Antigua except for a recently repaved section.
Potholes from Limerick all  way to Overland Ave going east. When is  going to get done?  has been months!
These streets in golden hills are horrible why do  rich get better streets
Fix  streets in golden hills  is a old neighborhood in desperate need  repairs  streets are horrible

La Jolla Shores Drive, between Downwind Drive and El Paseo Grande is full  potholes, cracked asphalt and huge bumps and divots.  The road is so bumpy that my run flat tires all went flat one day because  all  potholes. I know someone else whose battery cable was jostled loose and her car lost power from driving on  road.   is a real mess. Surely re are plenty  tax payers in La Jolla to pay for fixing  street.  :-)  El Paseo Grande is also in dire need  repair. Thanks in advance for your consideration   request.
Potholes on westbound Genesee Avenue.
Genesee Ave From Linda Vista Road to rpute 163, both sides  Genesee  street is lerally coming apart re are so many pot holes. Please fise !
Number one northbound lane
Pothole on west side  street
Street pothole
Large pothole in  middle   road in between  two lanes.
To Whom This May Concern, There are several large potholes on  shoulder line   52 west entrance from Ruffin Road and  163 (north). These are dangerous holes that can cause tire blow outs and accidents. Please repairs as soon as possible. Thank you.
Pothole on north side  intersection wh Churruck drive. This is recently reasphalted.

Extremely bad pothole
Lots  potholes in front  lincoln dealership
Potholes at corner  My Aguilar and Pet
Broken pavement
Numerous potholes on Eastbound Mira Mesa blvd just east  Westview Pkwy
Large pothole on Southbound Genesee at Banncock Ave
La Palma street potholes
New asphalt has fallen apart. 3 blocks  portholes
Mini potholes from Mesa College to  end  Armstrong alon Kearny Mesa Park.
Corner  Mesa College Drive and Linda Vista Road, going onto  163 south ( crosswalk from  apartment to  gas station). is a relatively large pothole.
Abrupt dip in  road. Almost impossible to see and dangerous when riding a scooter or bike.
Pothole in  southbound left through lane  Universy Ave at  Google maps location link.https://goo.gl/maps/D25NbeqEViz
Pothole in  southside crosswalk at  intersection  7th & Robinson Avenues.
Multiple potholes in  southbound right lane  Park Blvd between Zoo Place and  first MTS Bus stop on  right.

7241 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111 to Genesee Av & Balboa Av, San Diego, CA both directions many potholes, cracks, dips, missing pavement.  Please patch  issues and place  road on  resurfacing list.  This ticket will be givien to councilmember for follow up due to multiple service request wh no action
5210 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92117 to Balboa Av & Moraga Av, San Diego, CA 92117.  This road has issues in both directions, many deep dips that need to be resurfaced and evened out.  Please repair asap.  Mayor is following up on  request due to many requests that are not fixing  issue.
ON 43RD BETWEEN DELTA & EPSILON IFO NEX MART POTHOLE TIRE DAMAGE
Potholes in  northbound lanes in  3900 block  Murphy Canyon Rd.
Potholes on  souast side   intersection  Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Ruffin Rd.
Potholes like  one on westbound Carmel Valley Road between Del Mar Scenic Pkwy/McGonigle Rd and Camino del Barco. There's two more potholes on  same street (not photographed) just prior to  intersection wh Camino del Barco.
Large Pothole 2x2 ft at intersection  Linda Vista Rd and Mesa College.  is just to  east  Linda Vista RD on Mesa College
Our short cul-de-sac is severely cracked.  We have potholes on  edges  our street and our street is in desperate need to repaired and/or replaced immediately.   12 years ago  street was ground down to prepare  for full re-surfacing and  was never done.  During  last 12 years  street has simply deteriorated to a very thin and unsafe condion.  If  cy doesn't resurface ,  may deteriorate to  point that  won't be able to be repaired and will cost more to fully replace .
Two rough potholes, each approx. 1 foot long by 6 inches wide. One at about 3520 and  or about 3570 Universy ave. while travelling westbound.Both potholes are approx. 3 inches deep, and are on  right side   lane.
Whenever your not busy or have free time re are dozens  potholes on Montezuma going east. From Fairmount Ave all  way to Collwood Blvd
Our cul-de-sac is in extremely bad shape.   is severely cracked wh potholes and on  edges   street  is in desperate need  repair.  Please replace before some-thing happens
Three potholes in front  address. Contact is Arsenio at 619-259-2801
street really bad headed toward robinson. bad p/h in front  address






Sent in a report on 12/26. Report # 02471796 for a pothole 7600 block  Linda Vista Road. Photos are attached.
From property to street major trop hazards and ankle ber
Construction on Saranac alley is causing  dirt alley to deteriorate quickly. Potholes and or destruction to  alley (which is our only egress), is occurring quickly and appears to have been exacerbated by  recent rain.
On West Hills south  Carlton Oaks , lots  pot holes
Really big pothole. Contact is Bob at 619-547-5742
There are about 6 very large and deep potholes in  alley between Ohio and Illinois and Universy and Lincoln
Potholes
Damage to street. Pot holes are terrible
Pothole
Potholes and uneven surface
Pothole
Potholes in  section  Miramar Rd (right 2 lanes) between Padgett and Distribution Av. Lot near Alesmh CT.
There is a large pothole at  intersection  30th and B street in golden Hill. when turning left from 30th onto B  is unavoidable and my car bottoms out and is damaged each time I turn re.   is a hazard and causes issue at an already dangerous intersection
New pavement overlay on Tech Way and on or area streets from Q4 projects is garbage qualy. The lip between  pavement and gutter is extreme and poses a crash hazard to bicyclists. http://www.kostelecplanning.com/gutterdoesntcount-a-complete-guide-to-why--gutter-isnt--bike-lane/
Pothole behind 4044 32nd St. Always floods also.
Pothole behind 4041 Iowa st
"POTHOLES HEADED TOWARD FREEWAY 5 UP GRAND"
There are two pot holes on  right side   street at  beginning   bridge before you cross to access  top   hill.
Several saver pot holes on Picador blvd  going south bound, from Arruza St to  905 hwy
Very uneven street. Hazardous to pedestrians


In  northbound lane re is a Large area, at least 4 x 4,that is a deep dip and appears to soon be a sink hole.  nearly broke my axel driving at  speed lim.





The road surface along Milton Street from Illion Street going east is riddled wh potholes, although  was resurfaced ltle more than a year ago. Even after a second attempt at fixing  shoddy workmanship  is sub-power and has "fallen apart".  was done in sections  a few blocks, AND one block was left completely unpaved!!!  This was VERY BAD PLANNING. I'm guessing that more than one contractor was used, which would probably account for  planning, wh neir crew taking responsibily for  unpaved block  Milton! I'm not a road paver, but I'd hazard a guess that  preparation   original road surface was lacking proper protocol! I know or residents in  area, and or commuters frequenting  area, submted request to remedy  problem, so I haven't included photos. Many drivers going to Longfellow, Bay Park and School   Madeleine Elementary schools are sorely affected by se potholes wh many families going out  ir way to avoid  section  public roadway.
Big pothole
Corner  laurel and state
3 large pot holes
Potholes on Southbound Mercury St at Balboa Ave.
PLEASE FIX DEEP AGAIN DEEP POTHOLES GOING SOUTH ON COLLEGE AVE. THESE ARE NOW DANGEROUS. REPORTED MANY TIMES AND NO REPAIRS EVER
Multiple potholes
Pothole
Pothole
OREGON ST. & Lincoln Ave. In North Park.Nearly broke ankle while walking my dogs.
Fix pothole
VERY LARGE POTHOLE SOUTHBOUND  BEFORE ALMAHURST  CALLER STATING HER CAR JUMPS UP EVERY TIME SHE DRIVES BY
Pothole in  southbound #1 lane at 4157 Normal St.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Home av left turn to Fairmount north bound
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Large deep pothole
Pothole at Universy and Robinson Ave. The same pothole that punctured my tire before.  was filled but now is back.
Pothole
There is a pothole all along  edge   driveway where  meets  road. This driveway spans our apartment complex.

POTHOLE NEXT TO BARNES & NOBLE S/B


  intersection  Satinwood Way at Brookhaven Road.  Deep hole that could cause a safety issue or tripping hazard.
Pot hole on Coronado Av between 15th St and Thalia Avenue - Pot on on Coronado Avenue (west bound) lane.  Please repair asap.  Thank you.
Large Pot Hole at  Coronado Avenue and 18th Street intersection - Please repair asap! Thank you.
My new report from a few months ago was closed wh a resolved notification about  pothole, when clearly nothing has been done to repair . Maybe Mt Foraker is scheduled to be repaved next? Please address  issue eir way promptly.  is growing and nearly impossible to drive around to avoid. Thanks!
Lots  deep potholes on Southbound Morena near SDGE and intersection wh framp from garnett/balboa.
Large sinkhole forming. Contact is Alejandra at 619-678-3418

Moving van damaged asphalt when  truck backed up and gouged  street which was recently got new slurry coating.  Looks terrible!!!!
Huge potholes at  intersection. Accidents waing to happen. Cizens should sue both  cy and Mira Mesa town council. Shame on  cy. This has been re for 2 weeks now and no repairs. What happened to  gas tax money ???
Huge potholes throughout middle  intersection. Tire traction lights go on because road is so torn up. Please fix :)
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A MASSIVE HAZARDOUS POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION IN FRONT OF THE ENTERPRISE RENTAL CAR FACILITY
Pothole, in front  last house on A St. Before freeway entrance.
Large pothole
Porthole on cross walk.
There are alot  very large bad potholes in  lanes on Mira Mesa Blvd/Westview Pkwy alongside  on  border restaurant
A large area  Milton Street has many new potholes after recent rains. This section  street was repaved in  last 2 years. ?s not lasting and  contractor should be held accountable .
Big pothole and entire 3rd lane btwn west view and I15 is torn up
Going south on Linda Vista. Making a left (outside turn lane) east on to Mesa College Dr. Big pot hole. Hard to see until 's too late. Pot hole is technically on MESA COLLEGE DR.
The entire southbound Kearny Mesa Rd from Armour to Convoy. Runs along side hwy 163. 's like a mine field. Can't drive in between  lines. The closer you get to Convoy St gets worse.
Numerous potholes on  street. So uneven. Boulder Lake is  same way. is horrible that y are in  condion.  Or neighborhoods are in better condion.How long does  take to get our San Carlos roads paved?  Thank you for any help you can give us.
Pothole
Pothole
Pot holes wh water
Big pothole where alley meets Everts between Missouri and Chalcedony
Pothole is on  east bound Elm Street, near   dirt alley, near  side property  901 Granger Street in  South Bay  92154.
Pot whole is on  left side   fast lane for westbound traffic. About two layers deep. Unable to take photo since I cannot stop traffic to take one. Drivers are going around , thus swerving into  middle lane. Pin drop is approximate location
Large potholes need to be repair ASAP!
Sunken road in front  storm drain
Several pot holes on east bound  New Salem Street and Camino Ruiz
Deeply Sunken man hole on east bound Mira Mesa Blvd before Schilling Street.
Huge pothole on mesa college drive east bound right after Linda vista road and mesa college road intersection
Pothole here. Please fill.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes at   intersection.  100's and 100's  complaints over  past 15 years.
 is like going f roading
Bunch  potholes going north on Morena. Some deep and dangerous
The westbound left turn lane on Clairemont mesa bl. onto Complex dr. Has been full  potholes and lifted concrete for YEARS now. Please send a road crew to repair  ASAP. I'm certain I am not  1st one to report .
Whole parking lot needs to be replaced asap
Multiple and deep potholes. Immediately Blew my runflat front drivers side tire.
Multiple and deep potholes. Immediately Blew my runflat front drivers side tire.
Multiple smaller potholes. Not shallow but small area. And multiple cracks and seams in  area  4000 West Point Loma Boulevard and Groton Street. Very rough Lanes.
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Deep but small pothole on Fairmount northbound on-ramp
Pothole in  intersection (at  Norast corner  Linda Vista Rd and Mildred)
Pot holes galore along here
More  pot holes
pothole on balboa at clairemont drive intersection near  tune craft auto service place
Large Pothole on north east corner  intersection. Drivers turning right onto Noyes experience tire damage due to  pothole in need  repair. Please address thank you.
Deep pot hole on Bike Path behind Fletcher Elementary School near CA-163
Meade Ave. & 42nd street Westbound,  multiple potholes  very dangerous for cyclists
Southbound Ingraham street from Grand ave to West Mission Bay drive is unacceptably rough ever since  sewer pipe replacement project. This whole street needs repaving. I drive  every day and  is tearing up my car. The bump in  left lane immediately after  bridge from vacation isle to  sea world area is particularly dangerous. What is  plan for  section  road?  is terrible.
Pothole
POTHOLES . POSSIBLY CAUSE DAMAGE ON CAR TIRES.
Pothole on Clairmont mesa between  Murpy canyon road and highway 15 heading west
Incomplete road construction from repair to a utily line left a long dangerous pothole that is wider than a tire and about 1/4 mile long.  is on  northbound side  Mission Center in  right lane.
Cy came out in July and put a cone on  hole.
Two potholes in westbound #3 lane (far right) on Tierrasanta/Balboa Avenue. First one you come to is in  #3 lane westbound adjacent to  Tierrasanta sign in  median.  The second pothole is 50 yards furr west in  #3 lane near  northbound ramp from Tierrasanta blvd to I-15.  Both potholes are in  area   lane where right car tires normally run. Thank you
Many holes on  street. The ENTIRE Pomerado needs  holes to be filled in. Tyou.
Damaged street (cracks and potholes) on  San Diego side  Mariposa pl.
MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON RIDGEHAVEN CT
Potholes just Before and In  left turn lane.
Potholes in  #2 Lane.
Pothole in middle  Ruffner Blvd 500 ft south  Clairemont Mesa Blvd
The never ending story   potholes going east on Montezuma. Both lanes from Fairmount Ave all  way to Collwood Blvd. god bless you for fixing m one day
Potholes in center Lane
POT HOLES AT THE INTERSECTION
Very unsafe for wheelchairs.  And people.

Pothole
Multiple potholes and damaged street pavement
Multiple potholes broken uneven street.  Horrible.
Multiple potholes
Intersection  dale and cedar has many potholes. 3 are approx 3-4 sq ft and 5-6 inches deep (down to soil)
Potholes  entire north side   street. Ski Moguls, y're so big. Please fix after 4 years  asking.
re was pipping repair done back a couple  months but was fixed wh temporary asphalt .  is a commercial zone where heavy trucks pass by including garbage trucks from a nearby edco. at night re is poor visibily  making  hard to miss  sunk area and sometimes you don't have any choice but to drive  through  patched section.  or night i was driving through  and almost felt like my wheels where gonna fall  my car i drive a small car so i can feel  more than those who drive trucks.
The road at  trolley tracks are bad.  As we drive down  hill we h our car on  tracks because  road is messed up.  Cups fly up out  cupholders.
The stretch  3800 Camino Del Rio North is in poor condion.  The potholes extend through  bike lane and into  middle   road for approximately 1 mile in eir direction   3800 block.  This forces cyclist to have to ride unsafely in  middle   road wh traffic .
Number 1 eastbound ane
Large potholes
Large 3' X 3' section  street damaged and sinking
2 minor potholes are now forming, but  rest   asphalt is breaking up and will soon be gone, just as  did in front   adjacent home and was repaired as a large replacement area last year. Thank you kindly.
Large Pothole
College Ave was never properly fixed by contractors construction  building. Left  condion   street in bad shape wh cracks and potholes
On Quince Dr 50 ft east  6th Av facing west bound traffic in center lane., large pothole. Contact is Legend Braxton at 619-300-9773
There is a dip at Pacific Beach and Bayard Street in Mission Bay.   is actually located on Pacific Beach at  Fork wh Bayard Street.   seems to have gotten deeper since  previous rain.  I bike  street a lot and  looks like  could be a potential sink hole.
18 sq inches
Pothole on southbound Linda Vista Rd.
Pothole on northbound College Avenue.
Large pothole on north east norrn  Noyes and garnet intersection. Causes vehicle tire damage when turning right (northbound) onto Noyes St. Please fill in pothole.
A hole is forming in  asphalt in  center   street, in front   home, on  slope. Thank you kindly for attending to  matter before  becomes worse.
Severe road damage from Miramar Rd to Flander Rd on Camino Ruiz Blvd for over 13 years deserve higher priory for re-surfacing.  This road carries traffic for commercial activies and residents commuting both provides relatively higher revenue to  cy hence deserves your consideration  quicker repair.  Thank you for your action is advance.
Large phole needs to be repair asap in  corner  mira mesa blvd & new salem
Debris or pothole caused damage to car resulting in two passenger tires flattened.
When putting in cable lines,  cable company did a poor job  patching  pavement.  Bike tires get caught and have caused crashes or lacerations to tires. I have seen  happen on at least three occasions.  is an area where mountain and road riders travel.  This has been like  for over 10 years.  This is on  east bound Pomerado after  northbound f ramp from I-15.  See pictures.
A massive rectangular sunken pothole has formed in  median lane near Domino's Pizza at 5185 College Ave as College Avenue bisects  SDSU campus.  The pothole is getting  worse by  day.  If a motorist is driving more than 10-15 mph,  pothole is jarring and will damage vehicles. Thousands  vehicles travel  road each day.  A repair is imperative.  During  SDSU Christmas break is a perfect time to repair  pavement due to fewer vehicles from faculty, staff, and students.  This pothole will cost  cy's risk management department a lot  money in repairs if  pothole is not fixed.
Second request to fix  alley.
The entire alley needs redone re is a 4 foot wide drop f 3 inches deep down  middle   alley 10 feet long and reoccurring at different places. Tires are getting stuck on  edges and s dangerous causing steering issues. Please send someone out to view.
Numerous potholes in front  8482 & 8492 Highwood Dr.
Potholes near south crosswalk on 54th St. & El Cajon Blvd.
Large pothole at  corner  Agate Street and La Jolla Mesa Drive
Pothole
There are multiple potholes in  intersection and along C street
There are potholes and uneven pavements where  trench was recently dug up.  This area  street on 30th Street from Broadway to C street is HORRIBLE!!!  I pay taxes,  street surfaces are unacceptable.   feels like I am 4 wheeling!!  Please fix  street.
Multiple potholes on  street.
Huge pothole! This area has been filled multiple times.
This block is a whe concrete type material. Somehow a very large chunk   has dislodged creating a pothole that is causing a great deal  havoc to my tires each time I go through that area or park. Since  is directly in front  my home I'm affected daily and am concerned about  effect on my car/tires. We placed  fragments on  ground near  tree adjacent to  pothole.
Pothole on Celia Vista eastbound
Pothole on north side  Palm Avenue at Churruck Drive. Previously reported and was told  was repaired, but  hasn't been repaired. This is newly laid asphalt (7/2018)
ALLIGATORING ON ROADWAY WITH MANY DEEP POTHOLES. DAMAGED WHEEL AND TIRE. REPORTED FOR CONSTITUENT GANN, B.
Street sweeping needed on Mission Gorge Road west bound, west  Margerum to Princess View Dr.
Pothole in concrete turning
Pothole and road surface disintegrating
Pothole and road surface disintegrating
Road surface disintegrating
Pothole
Pothole and road surface disintegrating
Road surface disintegrating
Pothole and road surface disintegrating
Pothole and road surface disintegrating
Pothole
Pothole in  middle   street on Ted Williams Parkway going East
Potholes are again beginning to form where repair work has been completed previously. The asphalt is broken up into baseball size pieces and is washed away by rain or knocked loose by vehicles. The current repair area here is estimated as about 20' x20', just south   intersection  Mt St Helens Drive and Mt St Helens Ct. near  center   street.
There is a large pothole that spans most   road on  left turn from Calle Altura to Via Callado. This hole causes a significant dip in  road.  has been filled wh dirt and pebbles but  is not a permanent or effective fix.
Trip hazard. Multiple in  cross walk
Lots  potholes 500 yards east  3460 Main St. Contact is Joe at 619-865-5566
Big pothole looks like 's turning into a sinkhole. Contact is Joe at 619-865-5566
N/W/C POT HOLE IN PED WALKING AREA SOMEONE FELL AND INJURED
Multiple large potholing very busy traffic area located when turning  from Camino Ruiz onto New Salem Street. Unable to take photos due to heavy traffic area.
DEEP   POTHOLES
3 potholes before streetlight on College
Sorrento Valley Blvd bear  tracks, Roselle Street  and under  805 bridge is anor obstacle course  bumps and potholes.
Two potholes have been repaired at  corner  Mission Bay Drive but y have sunk enough to cause real damage when cars are driving at speed. They should be filled immediately. And made level wh  street.
Pothole is at  crosswalk, near  gutter
There are four or five asphalt patches to a concrete roadway that have sunk overtime and I are deep and uneven causing instabily on that corner. has been many months since se repairs were done and 's about time y were filled wh concrete to match  street.
Northbd lane near  entrance  CVS shopping center.
SB DRIVE VERY ROUGH TO DRIVE
Entire block is riddled wh potholes.
There was previously a leak and patch made on  cy street in front  8349 Hurlbut. The leak is back and  street is now sinking in. This needs to be addressed ASAP
Pothole
On turning right from CAmino Del Norte to Carmel Mountain Road. There is a pot hole  as you make  right turn.

Water main repair or something has been completed but not paved over properly. Major bump to vehicles driving over . Right outside  Vons on Dove St
Mira Mesa Blvd e/b #3 lane just east  I-15 overpass access cover has sunk enough that a significant bump happens when driving over  at almost any speed.
Several potholes in both lanes starting at location heading eastbound to Midway Dr.  Thank you, David
crater.
6 POTHOLES
There is a pothole right after  stop light on  freeway ramp. I cannot take a picture at that specific location but s on  right side   road and  seems very deep.
Va La  Jolla Dr and La Jolla Billage Dr. Right where Villa La Jolla Dr and La Jolla Village is anr pothole and bump because   clumped  asphalt  s like going on a chariot bouncing everywhere.  High traffic at all times.
Shame to see how many issues aka Jolla now has. Weeds, trash, homeless, streets tha have no solution to traffic , high cost  parking as well as impossible but streets like LA JOLLA RANCHO ROAD are an absolute shame. Speed bumps were placed re years ago, yet  road has never been fixed. Every year is in worse condion and running cars as we try to go home. ?s unbelievable that nice neighborhoods are now in such delapidation .
Series  deep potholes on North Morena Blvd just before  bridge crossing over Balboa

Series   potholes
South Lane has become almost impossible to navigate as a result  destruction   street from  building  new homes that have been in progress for over a year and not near completion.  The cement trucks and or materials being delivered to  construction ses have torn up  cy street. Who?s responsibily is  to repair  area.  is becoming a dangerous street.
Pothole formed around a water or gas main access plate in  eastbound lane   road. The metal is now very pronounced and can damage tires.
re are numerous pot holes  from fire station 34 all  way south to jackson dr. also all  way from cowles mt east up san carlos dr. to lake basin
15 potholes on Cowles Mtn from Jackson to Navajo
There is a large pothole or hump going eastbound on  road where  bridge meets  road. I h  at night and  bent  rim on my car
Pothole and broken chunks  pavement
2 deep potholes at  on-ramp to  805

Pothole in westbound lane  Grand Ave
Wide pothole in number 2 Southbound Ln.  Camino Ruiz
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole.
There are 2  main areas. 1)  area   street where  driveway ends and  street starts has a long pothole.2) Or potholes are at  corner  Cresta Rd and Parish Rd; se grow wh each rain.  Walking to take  photos, I noticed that several   houses have potholes at  end  ir driveway while some have been previously patched. Unfortunately,  looks like  2 images are  same but I couldn't discover how to delete any  m.
NB Soledad Rd @ Soledad WayThis was reported earlier, marked as closed, yet  pothole is unrepaired.
pot holes at intersection  Santo Road all  way to Aero Drive
POTHOLE, RECENTLY PAVED LOOKS AWFUL-  NEEDS TO BE REDONE
Pothole in  middle   INTERSECTION  15th Street and Satelle Blvd. right where  changes to Iris Avenue in  South Bay area.
two large holes northbd lanes
westbd lane near  turn lane
eastbd lane, left lane
eastbd lanes, left lanes, several holes
Pothole on  interchange from 52 W. to interstate five southbound

Concrete surrounding manhole cover is broken and a stball-sized piece  concrete is on  street, creating a hazard for motorists or pedestrians using  sidewalk. Direction is northbound on Camino Del Sur at location is marked on map.
deep, rectangular pothole where asphalt meets concrete before intersections.
Series  potholes in merging lane from La Jolla Village dr westbound on-ramp onto interstate 805 southbound
Lots  potholes. Contact is Jim at 619-549-9738
Large long pot hole
Pothole westbound.
The usual one that has been covered a million times just east  7-11 on Capricorn heading east (mira mesa). And a huge one impossible ro miss just west  Westonhill heading east. Heavy traffic rush hour. I have h  twice in my new car: (
For  love  Jesus can you patch  deep potholes here going SOUTH on College Ave? I've been reporting  for months now. Why not?
Please investigate deep digging not filled at  intersection. Did  construction here did a dig that wasn't filled correctly? Makes  dangerous for Left turns in  dark
Potholes here if you want to fix anytime  decade. Several in both directions
There are several pot holes in front  1666 Klauber Ave & all around  surrounding streets in Encanto. Thank you.
Driving onto gage st right in  middle   road
The parking lot behind fire station 35 is severely degraded wh several potholes directly behind  apparatus bay.  Not only is  unsightly and cause a never ending chore to clean  apparatus floor, but  creates trip hazards for fire and police employees.  In addion,  trees from  parking lot adjacent to  station, on  east side, are causing  asphalt to push up, creating addional hazards.
Not a pothole, but a piece  thick metal wire that is partially buried in  new asphalt street. Part   wire is sticking out and could puncture a car tire or be a hazard for bikers.
 isn't exactly a pothole, but a poorly filled trench that goes all across  street. The south side  28th street is worse than  north side. Whatever contractor filled  in, needs to re-do .    is in between C & Broadway on 28th street.   Really  entire street should be re-paved, especially going under  94 bridge.
Pothole
Potholes

pothole in front  6510 la jolla scenic drive S.  on  side going down  hill.
BUMPY ROAD
Large pothole at 32nd and Madison near 805N onramp.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
pothole was not repaired properly.  This is a second request.
Re-do   entire alley
The entire 6100 block  Acorn is full  potholes
The road crossing over  train track is so dangerous I've almost fallen f my motorcycle MULTIPLE TIMES.
Pothole

Pothole northbound Pacific Highway on Barnett Avenue ex ramp
Big Potholes in cul de sac
VIA DE LA VALLE UNDER THE 5 W/B RIGHT SIDE POTHOLE TIRE DAMAGE NO OTHER INFO

Number  potholes at  Stop sign.
pothole near  two left lanes from beyer way toward palm ave
Potholes, rough road ON OFFRAMP between W. Washington St and W Universy Ave. Your red map marker will NOT put  correct street address-  not Ibis Ct. 's  OFFRAMP. Where are  gas taxes we've been spending for over a year going??
Potholes/rough road on Mission Bay Drive between  Clairemont Dr ex and  De Anza Cove parking lot behind  Playa Pacifica sign. The parking lot behind  Playa Pacifica sign is also riddled wh potholes. Some  those potholes in  parking lot have been re for going on 10 years!!
Numerous large potholes, 4th request in  past 6 months.
2 nice size potholes
Numerous potholes on bridge.
3ft by 6ft. sinkhole  dangerous
Devastated asphalt in  area
Large pothole
Badly damaged asphalt
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes.  Badly damaged asphalt in  area.....for decades.

This pothole has been reported more n 40 times over  last 10 years.
Badly damaged asphalt.
Potholes and damage
Trip and fall hazard
Badly damaged asphalt in  intersection.

Badly damaged asphalt for entire block
Large potholes.

Pothole
Large pothole
Large potholes here

Street has recently been repaved and is lerally covered in pot holes.  I ride a Vespa Scooter and in trying to avoid pot holes find  very dangerous to also avoid oncoming traffic trying to do  same.  This is very dangerous and Milton is a highly utilized street.
 truly is appallingly abhorrent  way your department ignores my requests to fix Cactus Road and Siempre Viva Road. I have sent hundreds  photos and you do nothing. What is wrong wh you and  major? I challenge you to drive  southbound lane  Cactus Road between Airway Road and Siempre Viva Road.  consists  hundreds  potholes and asphalt that is crumbling so badly that only resurfacing  road is  answer.
 truly is appallingly abhorrent  way your department ignores my requests to fix Cactus Road and Siempre Viva Road. I have sent hundreds  photos and you do nothing. What is wrong wh you and  major? I challenge you to drive  east and westbound lanes  Siempre Viva Road between Brannia Blvd. and Cactus  Road.  consists  hundreds  potholes and asphalt that is crumbling so badly that only resurfacing  road is  answer.
Very bumpy patch  road at Front and Broadway intersection, on Front north  Broadway.
Multiple potholes 6-8 total
Deteriorating condion and in need  patch.

Potholes at  two round metal manhole covers in  intersection, (Windcrest & Shoal Creek and Royal Melbourne & Shoal Creek, same intersection....) many potholes around  manhole covers !  Please fix , 2nd or 3rd time fixing so first attempts have failed !!!
Heading North on Ted Williams approaching  Shoal Creek, far left lane, multiple pot holes but one is so large  will break rims on tires, please immediately fix wh urgency !!   Thanks!!!
Potholes between Art and Stanley on Seminole Dr.
Potholes
There are some potholes on Gold Coast Dr, going westbound, in front  8647 Gold Coast Dr.
Pothole near intersection
Potholes near cross gutter
Multiple potholes on entire block 2nd request
Potholes near cross gutter
dangerous pot hole
Boulder Lake
The entire alleyway is jacked up and people are starting to fill  pot holes wh gravel.
Multiple potholes.
Multiple deep potholes on street
Multiple potholes same street
3 pot holes
3 more
Tons  potholes on Vista Sorrento between Mira Sorrento and Directors Place.
2 in intercection
Looks like a root lifted  road.
As you drive north from Mission Gorge on West Hill Parkway re are two potholes.  One closer to Mission Gorge and  or near Carlton Oaks Dr.
Potholes
Potholes
Several potholes on  street please repair and fill m
Several potholes on  street please repair and fill m
Several potholes on  street please repair and fill m
Several potholes on  street please repair and fill m
Several potholes on  street please repair and fill m
Several potholes on  street please repair and fill m
Pothole
Pothole caused by rain and running water.
Pothole in  intersection going north
There are potholes all over Lapiz drive.
There are two manhole covers just before 43rd hs Fairmount ave that are at least 6 inches below  surface   highway which cause my struts to bottom out every time I use that road .
La Palma _/ Fanuel
Where people do upturns back to Einstein?s Bagels
Potholes in eastbound center Lane
Potholes in eastbound lanes
Potholes in both westbound lanes
Potholes down centerline
Potholes down centerline
Several pot holes along  road
The pothole on  steep hill (middle   road) has been getting bigger. Chunks  asphalt have been coming f more frequently. - Note: Thank you for  work you guys do to help make  cy better!

Potholes running through  3rd Lane
Five potholes in southbound lane between Alta View and 54 freeway
Pothole completely along our driveway
BIG potholes get m filled before someone pops a tire!
Deep pothole at  base   ex road onto Mallorca

Across  street from  Police Museum several potholes going NORTH
Going SOUTH re are several potholes that are deep and dangerous. I constantly report m and you don't repair  street
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Big pothole 2nd to right westbound lane
deep hole left lane, repatch
eastbd lane, number  holes that need fill
holes in  intersection
Several holes where roads gone toger, dangerous for bicycles
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Asphalt damage at  entrance to  driveway. Damage is on a steep hill, safety concern. Contact is Amon at 619-922-5054
sidewalk needed along wh addional ahphalt immediately
POTHOLES  THROUGHOUT STREET IN FRONT OF ADDRESS (3RD REQ)
Huge pothole on  curb line north side  G St. between fourth and fifth by 7-Eleven
BIG POTHOLE EXITING FROM PETSMART AND RIGHT TURN TOWARDS VILLAGE SQUARE APARTMENTS ON VIA MALLORCA
Potholes
Two large deep potholes 15" x 15". Contact is Mr. Richards at 858-274-6916
POTHOLES ON 6200 BLOCK OF LAKE ATHABASKA PLACE
Pothole intersection  Hillery Drive and Westonhill Dr, San Diego 92126
Potholes
p/hs in st
Big holes in street asphalt in pedestrian walkway, very dangerous
P/H GOING TO AIRPORT DAMAGED TIRE
Trip hazard
Potholea in drive  way driving north along Fairmount Ave, more pothole like  om Fairmount Ave between Olive St and Redwood.
VERY BIG  POTHOLE  LARGE POTHOLE  AT  60TH & UPLAND
More than 50 potholes in both directions on  street for many blocks.
TWO POTHOLESIFO ADDRESS ARE VERY BAD THE OTHERS ARE BAD ON THE STREET.
From  6200?s to  6300?s  Lake habaska Place,  street is a series  potholes.  The street has had no maintenance in probably 15 years.  Please consider repaving  street.  There are about 38 houses involved.  Thank you.
This is ridiculous  needs to be fixed ASAP!!!
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes

Deep pothole in road presents a danger to bicyclist mid-block in front  4554 Cleveland Avenue in North Park.

Potholes
Potholes
Several potholes on Ducos Pl leading into  parking lots.
Large pothole in  middle  Fay Ave and Kline St intersection.
Large pothole in middle  intersectuo  kettner and Grape street
Pothole on left side  right lane. On Vista Sorrento Parkway traveling north, between intersection wh Sorrento Valley Blvd and first driveway f Vista Sorrento Parkway.
Huge potholes on northbound and southbound Brannia Blvd. at  intersection   Airway Road. fill in se potholes correctly.
This entire Street needs to be repaved  is crumbling and dangerous and causing damage to my car.  has not been repaved for at least 20 years
3" street wide crack
LOTS  potholes. This one block stretch  street is very difficult to drive on based on  worsening potholes. Need to fill potholes please
Major potholes in  one block stretch. One that is particularly bad and requires going 5MPH to avoid bottoming out in any vehicle. This road is very narrow so very difficult to drive here when trying to avoid potholes and oncoming traffic. Please repair.
Potholes on  on-ramp from Aldine to fairmount
Fairmount is just disintegrating after  rain cause  road to crumble in multiple locations. This road should have been replaced 10years who yet you only patch  ( and poorly)!
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
right lane, northbd
northbd, right lane

Several potholes as you turn left onto Kettner from Hawthorn

Multiple potholes and cracks in asphalt on entire block  32nd north  Universy.
Deteriorated asphalt in front  driveway. Causing issues to get into driveway. Contact is Robert at 619-286-1464
bad p/h in mid lane on sb mission bay dr by  sea world on ramp
lots  bad p/hs in st

One  multiple pot holes on downhill side.whole stretch  road needs resurfacing
These sections  Milton Ave east  2151 Illion St were resurfaced only a few years ago and NOW have MANY 2+ inch deep potholes throughout many sections   street. TERRIBLE RESURFACING JOB. When will  be repaired??
2 inches deep

AT LEAST SEVEN POTHOLES
Several or potholes are surfacing where one was fixed some time ago.   is right on  bend  Burlington Way as you go in or out   cul-de-sac.  By  way  surface  Burlington Way is terrible.  Please review  next time  can be resurfaced and get  don.  Thank you!
There is a HUGE pothole as you are turning right onto New Salem Street from westbound Mira Mesa Boulevard.   isn't safe to take a photo , however  was repaired several years.   appears to be caused by runf from  apartment complex on  NE corner   intersection which degrades  roadway.  This is one  those "take your wheel f/ruin your balance, etc.  Please get  done very quickly.  Thank you.
I have received 2 flat tired in  giant pothole in  alley behind 5350 Rex Avenue. The only way to get to out parking is through  alley and  is causing or cars to have flats as well.  My first flat was November 26th. 2018 and I paid $125.21 for a new tire. I now have to pay for anor new tire due to anor Flat I received  Monday, January 7th. This morning I noticed my neighbor has a flat as well. PLEASE fix  pothole ASAP and refund me if possible. I will have paid a total  $250.42 from  pothole. Photos are attached and can provide many more.

Severely cracked and uneven alley driveway
Big pothole by War Memorial Building
Street totally eroded around storm drain. Potholes, broken asphalt, water cannot go down drain.
Potholes down entire first Lane Northside   street
Huge pot hole near turn lane to hye park from mission center rd
POTHOLE
 intersection  4th & Beech, pothole needs to be repaired.  Was previously reported under SN 040300086883.
six foot christmas tree in roadway
Fix  potholes here on  residential street please
Fix  potholes here on  residential street please
Fix  potholes here on  residential street please
Fix  potholes here on  residential street please
Shattered pavement, potholes, destroyed asphalt.
potholes, street destroyed
potholes, street destroyed
destroyed street, potholes
Pothole in middle  32nd street just north  Thorn st., directly on  painted lines.
3" POTHOLE IN FRONT OF THE DRIVEWAY OF THE ADDRESS.
Potholes
Because   rain  caused alley to have a river in middle . Floor opened about 6 inches wide. If drivers unaware vehicle may get stuck.
Giant hole on freeway 5 N on ramp.
@ Fairmount Ave & Olive St driving southbound on Fairmount Ave, it is getting bigger by the day and is on right of way, hard to avoid. Thank you.
Multiple pot holes in  area. Would love for  problem to be fixed.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole

I would like to draw the cities attention to the deplorable conditions of the road along side 1725 Dornoch Ct, San Diego, CA 92154, USA between Sanyo Ave and Enrico Fermi Dr ,  section of the road is extremely hazardous and in very poor condition. I am a prison guard and s been almost 10 years of me commmuting to work and not once have I complain. what point is it deem necessary for a tax paying citizen to voice the horrible conditions of the road.The road along  route has been in a dilapidated state due to total neglect of the Department of Roads of San Diego County. There are numerous amounts of potholes causing much difficulty for drivers to navigate though with vehicles. Many passengers including myself fall victims to crack windshields, blown out tires and suspension repair due to the roads conditions.All could easily have been avoided and prevented had the Department of Roads San Diego sector had  Annual inspections.To whom it may concern   would really be appreciated if  matter is
In back alley of 4330 / 4336 Estrella Avenue- 92115
Street sinking around water pipes intersection of Pacific Beach Drive and Bayard
Sinkhole forming at the 1300 block of 27th St in South bay.

The asphalt that filled the potholes has eroded, and there is another pot hole.
LOTS OF POTHOLES  ON THE WHOLE STREET  AND  ON LAKE ANGELA DR...

Potholes
THANKS FOR GETTING IT DONE  A FEW WEEKS AGO. NICELY  RESURFACED.
Badly damaged asphalt
Multiple potholes the length of Red Rock Dr.  Details: 1. Center of street at 10819; 2. Center of street between 10848 & 10858; 3. Eastbound lane at 10858; 4. Intersection of Red Rock Dr & Waldgrove Pl at cement/asphalt interface; 5 Eastbound lane at 10898; 6. Intersection of Red Rock Dr & Cummins Pl at cement/asphalt interface; 7. Center of street between 10918 & 10930; 8. Intersection of Red Rock Dr & Red Rock Ct at cement/asphalt interface; 9. All across Red Rock Dr just east of Red Rock Ct; 10. Eastbound lane at 10910; 11. All across Red Rock Dr at 11020; Eastside of intersection of Red Rock Dr. & Ritter Ct; 13. Westbound lane at 11036.
Multiple potholes along Courtyard Dr.  Details: 1. Several potholes across entire street at 9945; 2. Northbound lane at 9940; 3. Northbound lane at intersection of Courtyard Dr & Ironwood Rd at cement/asphalt interface
VERY BAD POTHOLE, NEEDS TO FIXED IMMEDIATELY!!  IN THE MIDDLE OF INTERSECTION
ABOUT 10 POTHOLES (NEED TO MAKE SURE THIS IS NOT CROSS REF'D WITH ANOTHER W/O OR A RESURFACING W/O)
Previously patched pothole is reopened after the rain
Where pacific highway meets Barnett. There's a large pothole in the left lane. Left side
Via Del Campo between W. Bernardo Drive and Via Esprillo are of the most uneven, rutted and pothole littered streets I have encountered in San Diego.  I t appears that most of the damage is from commericial construction from over burdened semis and heavy equipment leave long deep grooves in the pavement.  This is combined with scores of patches of various the majority of which are failing.  Considered that some of San Diegos biggest employers, Sony, HP, Amazon and General omics have offices on  street,  is disgraceful.  Where are all their tax dollars going?
Lots of potholes in the intersection of Del Cerro Bl and College Av. Contact is Royce at 619-582-4604
Many potholes in the alley between Ingraham and Promontory, especially when turning onto alley from Fortuna. Please help!
Intersection of Clairemont Mesa Blvd. and Shawline St. The potholes are so bad that traffic has to slow down even when the traffic signal is green.
POTHOLES
Pothole
Milton Street has been done at least three times. The potholes are worse than ever. Please hire someone who knows what they're doing. I know  is not the city of La Jolla. But we deserve better
road is bad shape needs patching, and resurfacing from north and south.  Also needs sensors on the interection.  Please repair from 1800 S 32nd St, San Diego, CA 92136 to  Main St & 32nd St, San Diego, CA 92113, USA.  Road has many cracks, potholes, dips, uneven pavement.
Large pothole in the center turn lane of West Bernardo Rd (close to driveway entrance to 16855 W Bernardo Rd)
multiple potholes
I reported  earlier  week.  has grown exponentially and is the middle of a very narrow street in front of two driveways. This is on the verge of being a sink hole.
Pothole - please fix
Major potholes - there are at least 3 huge potholes in  intersection.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes in Presidio Park
Several large pothole cracks exist on westbound Miramar Road in the lane closest to the median.
Pothole on westbound Miramar Road in the center lane near cort furniture store
pothole
pothole on westbound Eastgate mall just east of the Olson Drive intersection
Deep Potholes, just East of Intersection.  The Fire Station is located next to the Public Library, and I witnessed difficulty of Fire Truck trying to avoid and drive over these several wide potholes, near Cross walk.
Potholes
Pot hole on busy road
Please fill deep pothole at entrance to ally adjacent to  2076 Bacon St, San Diego.
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes
10 potholes up and down street
Intersection of Sorrento Valley Road and Carmel Mountain Rd

 south corner of intersection of W. Pt Loma Bl and Sunset Cliffs Bl north lane near curb in crosswalk near Chris's Liquor. This second request due to previous asphalt keeps washing out due to wetness and traffic. Please fill area smoothly and compact to lessen future washout. Thanks !
pot hole in cul-de-sac
Pothole
5-6 POTHOLES
Eastbound G Street, right as you start incline to get onto EB 94, large pothole in middle lane.
Pothole
P
Large pothole
Many potholes
Many potholes
Potholes and uneven street pavement
5-6 POTHOLES
ALLEY BEHIND ADDRESS CONSTRUCTION DEBRI WOOD BOXES OBSTRUCTING PASSAGE
Freshly patched pothole has sunk already. Looks like it was repaired today. Needs to be repaired and the repair zone needs to be bigger. There is another pothole on the east side of the existing one. Please help
Near cross walk at golden haven and town center drive
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT THE WHOLE BLOCK  (PER CALLER FIX ALL THE POTHOLES FROM THE 3600-4100) MOTORCYCLIST WANTS TO REMAIN ANONUMOUS
Broken access hole cover
The entire street needs to be repaved or loose asphalt properly removed as it's current a hazard. Being near a school the street gets a lot of foot traffic from Children it needs to be addressed it's also a slip hazard.
Big potholes filled with water in alley behind address. Cars drive through the puddles causing water to splash on garage doors. Damaging garage doors. Contact is Naim at 858-780-2665
Via De La Valle from I-5 east to San Andres is riddled with holes and gaps in asphalt in both directions.
Pot hole(s) on eastbound side of the road.
I live in cuyamaca av 92113,most of the neighbors including me don't have a driveways and we need to bring our vehicles inside our backyard  but the alley s boundary ,with the rain gets really bad,and when is dry every time a car goes by is really dusty, please we will like you to pave it, is the only one in  city with no pavement, please do something about it, in the past you have repaired it, but soon as it rained it gets bad,l try to fix it my self,  but is the never ending game, I hope you can help us,  thanks
Pothole in left lane traveling from the 163 fwy entrance traveling west towards convoy
Pothole
1 POTHOLE ON INTERSECTION OF SKYLARK DR AND SKYLARK PL, ANOTHER POTHOLE GOING SOUTH ON SKYLARK DR
I filed two reports regarding a growing pothole. I was pleased to see that work had been done to repair it. However when I got home yesterday I noticed that  job was simply a patch and was not done properly. As you can see there is still a dip/hole which as you can expect will continue to grow. This work is unacceptable and deserves a quality repair. I hope I will receive notice on how  will be rectified to actually solve the problem and not simply place a bandaid on it.
Multiple Large potholes at 33rd st. and Thorn on south side of intersection.
Very large pothole 9115 Gold Coast Drive , east bound side...thank you.
9035 Gold Coast Drive potholes  east bound lane..thank you
9045 Gold Coast Drive potholes east bound lane..thank you
The street is buckling in front of  address.  has been reported 2x but nothing has been done to repair
The street is buckling in front of  home
There is a very large pothole on the road leading to the airport terminals.I sliced two (2) tires on the passenger side while driving to the airport on 1/6/19.I reported the issue via phone on Monday1/7/19, but noticed that as of today 1/11/19 it has not been fixed yet.
POT HOLES EASTBOUND BEFORE THE I 15.
POTHOLE,         AREA SINKING WHERE PREVIOUS REPAIRS WERE MADE
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
POTHOLE
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes

Due to above street storm drain  failing,.it has caused large potholes of asphalt along entire hillside to come loose. More come loose each week and each storm.
The length of Ash from 4th Ave. to 1st is in terrible shape.  There are 2 potholes at the intersection of Ash and 2nd Ave.
Approx 50 yards of south bound Mercury St with broken asphalt and potholes

One of multiple 3"-4" cracks that traverse Andanza Way. Large enough to be a walking hazard. Originally submitted in report 02479788.  This photo is taken on 1/11/19 the day after receiving an email saying it was resolved.

Our LJ Disgrace-  photo was taken on Kline outside The Cottage and the nearby new Conrad Music Center
SEVERAL POTHOLES AT THIS ADDRESS
N/B JUST NORTH OF OTHELLO
Giant deep pothole right by crosswalk

From Barnett to Sports Arena Bridge/West Mission Bay drive is 4 miles of potholes.
Large Pothole on northbound Kearney Mesa road in outside lane

Large new pot hole in cross walk
The stretch of Poway Road Between Sabre Springs Parkway and the I-15 interchange is filled with potholes.  Poway Rd east of Sabre Springs Pkwy was repaved  months ago.  Why was  piece left untouched?  When will it be fixed?
Potholes are in both lanes on Camino del Rio S by the Hilton
Pothole on 56th street and El Cajon Blvd. located on the south west corner where many cars turn right and drive over it.

Pacific Highway S. at Taylor/Rosecrans under the I-5 overpass. I live on Pacific Highway and ride my bicycle on Pacific Highway frequently. Riding a bicycle on the section of Pacific Highway under the overpass is very dangerous due to the cracked asphalt, bumps, and the lack of lighting. Pacific Highway N in  area was resurfaced in 2017 but S. has been left as a hazard. Please address  issue.
Potholes are in the intersection of Camino del Rio S and Mission Center
Pothole is in the intersection of Qualcomm and Camino Del Rio N
Pothole (massive) between Kettner and grape street.
Huge pothole in the middle of the intersection creating a hazard for vehicular traffic.
Deep pothole near center of road with sharp vertical edges - a real widowmaker.
Large new pothole on the yellow lines
Middle of the lane going North Bound.
South bound in the middle of the Road
Near golf course
The entire block of Seminole Drive between Stanley Avenue and Art Street is full of potholes and the pavement of the entire street is falling apart
There are numerous potholes on Seminole Drive between acorn Street and Stanley Avenue
Multiple large potholes going east
Several potholes on the entrance to the 163N from 6th avenue messing with a lot of people's alignment!
Several deep potholes in westbound lanes, in front of Yum Yum Donuts.
lots of holes in  intersection
after  exiting 5 north onto la jolla pkwy and merging right onto la jolla scenic drive north there is a big pothole
Ridiculous number of ski slope sized potholes no one has repaired in years. Why not finally fix them please.
Very large pot hole and broken asphalt on Arlene Street south side of the street at the corner of Limerick.  Please help fix it.   is at lest 2 feet by 1 foot wide and approximately 4 inches deep.


Raised asphalt
Blocks of badly damaged asphalt
Horrible tripping hazard in crosswalk at Beech and Kettner
Sinkhole/pot hole
La Palma and Fanuel street

Pothole at left hand turn lane from convoy to aero
Deep pothole
There are a number of large potholes and cracks in  stretch of road. From the 15 to almost 4s ranch is particularly bad in both directions.
Right before the Balboa light going south on Morena. 2 big potholes
Pothole. Very damaged.
Huge Potholes in back alley damaging cars please fix
Long deep pothole.
Deep asphalt crack and trip hazard
Deep pothole
Deep potholes
3" deep gash in cement
Broken bumpy cement
3-4" gap plus last rain fall started to dig a hole undermining the slab
HIGH PRIORITY:  Large 3 x 3 x 12"d Pot hole.  's a deep hole that fills with water and the public will damage their cars if it's hit.  Must be repaired ASAP.  Pot hole located at the Corner of Corte Sabio and Paseo Lucido
Many holes and cracks and a dip in the ground at crossing of 30th on Polk Ave going East.
URGENT - REPAIR POT HOLE ASAP:  Large 3 x 3 x 12D Pot Hole that is continually filled with water located at the corner of Paseo Lucido and Corte Sabio at the Stop Sign.  The public will damage their car alignment and the City will receive claims if  is not repaired ASAP.
Big and bad pot hole been there for a good month.
pothole on balboa ave at corner of tune craft shop
Senn Way and Via Capri
Several deep potholes west bound Scripps Poway Pky east of Angelique St.
Pothole  in front of driveway created an injury .
Pothole in number 3 w/b lane possible cause of scooter collision
Pothole #3 w/b lane. Possible cause of scooter collision
huge hole in alleyway.  could possibly ruin car axle or at the very least alignment of car
Narrow street here makes the pothole unavoidable. Has become deeper following the recent rain.
Crosswalk has potholes ad paint is missing

Extremely bad

Potholes several in a row
 Polk & 30th
Pothole in front of driveway
Big and bad pot hole been there for a good month.
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Multiple potholes on northbound North Torrey Pines Rd shortly before the intersection with La Jolla Shores Dr.
Pothole in front of driveway caused bodily damage..
Small pothole. But  one is between the concrete dip and the blacktop. Intersection of limerick and Triana. Is it possible to repave triana st?

Potholes down entire left lane
Potholes down entire left lane
Fix the road underneath the freeway!  Omg, The holes are horrific.   This is a huge liability and it's ruining people's cars.
Big potholes
Scripps  poway parkway heading east at hwy 15  ext
There is a large pothole in the left southbound lane of Qualcomm Way close to the Camino Del Rio North intersection that is almost a foot in diameter.
Extra large pot hole 6" deep 2ft x3 ft
LOTS OF P/HS IN ALLEY
There is a large pothole on the corner of Lake Angela and Lake Ariana.
POTHOLES ON THIS BLOCK SEVERAL
Court off Montero Rd in Gatewood Hills. Huge cracks throughout court and is a safety concern for children. Badly needs resurfacing relative to any other streets in Gatewood. Second report submitted; original report April 10, 2018 and still in process.
There are potholes on our street that caused me to get two flat tires that I had to repair and I'm not the only one.  The potholes are in the beginning of the lower part of Smythe Avenue and towards the middle of Smythe Avenue, they have been there for more than a year and now they are bigger and causing problems. If they can please see to  matter it would be greatly appreciated.
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Huge pothole on the on-ramp to Friars road eastbound from Mission Center Road
Pothole in the number two lane at the limit line. Eastbound miramar road at Nobel Drive
two pot holes
5 to 6 potholes heading east on clairemont Mesa just past the BBQ restaurant. They cause minor to sever tire damage.
HAZARDOUS POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION 1 1/2' X 1 1/2' X 6"
There is a large pothole on the on-ramp from Mission Center Road to Friars Road. Cars cannot avoid the pothole because  there is not adequate lighting on the on-ramp and it cannot be seen after the sun has set. This pothole is very dangerous and caused a blow-out to my front passenger side tire on 1/14/19.
The entire street from Chapmen Street and Bob Street is destroyed by potholes. I am constantly driving on the wrong side of the road to dodge them. Please fix the street.
2 huge pot holes
Pot hole in the north bound lane of Mission City Pkwy. just before the I-8 overcrossing (south side of bridge). Note: Your map marker does not allow and accurate point, it wants to waver to Camino del Rio and that's not the location in question.
HAZARDOUS POTHOLE ON  FOOTHILL BLVD SOUTH BOUND LANE PRIOR BERYL ST
Potholes on the ramp connecting Friars Rd west to Mission Village Dr. worst with the recent storms
Potholes and crappy street condition left by contractor that built new dormitory on  street. Give them my thanks for leaving the street in worst shape than they found it
5 inch pothole next to Chris's liquor
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
There is a large pothole on the on ramp from Mission Center to Friars by the Shell gas station.  You are not able to avoid it due to inadequate lighting on the.  Hit it last night in the rain, car bottomed out hit so hard it was unreal.  Happened on 1-14-19 around 6:30 p.m.
A quarter of a mile stretch of road on Otay Mesa Rd. is riddled with potholes.
Large deep pot hole in middle of the road in front of Juvenile Court building. Road too bust for photos now where to park

VERY LARGE POTHOLE  3 FT DIAMETER, VERY DEEP, CARS LOSING CONTROL    (CHRIS 619-843-9965)
Eastbound Rosecrans before Shoup. Big hole forming.
Steel Plates are opening up as cars drive over them. Liability issues on the City
Deep crater in roadway. Driving north on Fairmount Ave, more potholes along  segment of road not shown in picture. Thank you.
Major huge pothole in middle of road on 35th just before boston ave
Lots of big potholes. Contact is Loretta at 858-888-3490
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole in the middle of the street
Lots of potholes on I-5 N onramp from India St
Pothole
Row of potholes down the 3rd and 2nd lanes
Rows of potholes down the 3rd and 2nd lanes.
Eval for resurfacing full of potholes.
LARGE POTHOLE ACROSS 7-11 BY GUTTER
Recently some road work was done to remove a tree in the boulevard of Via Del Campo.   However, they left without filling a huge 10 feet by 10 feet square hole right in the middle of the road.  Can you please have someone fill it in as soon as possible?  Thanks
Area around man hole cover in the right lane is very bumpy.  Please have someone fill it in to make it smoother to drive over.  Look for the white colored square access box in the ground to the right of the man hole/pot holes for reference.  Also seen in attached picture.  Thank you!!
Rows of potholes down the 1st and 2nd lanes.
Potholes the center Lane
Pothole duenda heading east in front of shopping  center before freeway
Lots of potholes. Contact is Rod at 858-566-8828
Major road damage at south side of intersection, possible underground water leak?
Most all filled pot holes & new ones between 163 & Linda Vista Rd are dangerous. That stretch needs to be completely repaved.
Potholes on Broadway between 9th and 10th Ave
Street is totally falling apart and disintegrating.  was brand new not long ago!
Repair potholes in parking lot behind Station.
Big hole on boardwalk people tripping and falling
Large pothole in the #1 lane of westbound Aero Dr

Large deep potholes
Deep pothole
Dozens of potholes over about 100 feet of road
Pothole
p/h in eb # 2 lane


All of Jade Coast Lane has many many pot holes. Have reported  before but doesn't seem everything got fixed. Hope is does  time around. Thank you.
Both east and west directions from Pomerado across to exit for Rancho Carmel Road need to have potholes filled in. East bound is worse, but both directions can use repairs.
Few potholes on Pomerado Rd 92128, between Rancho Bernardo Rd and Interstate Hwy 15
Big pot hole north side of parking lot
Pothole and unevenness on the road.  Twice  has been repaired but other potholes and uneven street still there.  Since last year in the beginning  of December an injury occurred due to the potholes and uneven street and injury is still there.  Please fix pothole and uneven street.  We have handicapped and injured people in the house and would appreciate the street to be repaired as soon as possible.  Thank you.
Can you please fix all the potholes on 59th street from Adams Ave to Madison Ave?
Can you please fix all the potholes on 59th street from Adams Ave to Madison Ave?
Can you please fix all the potholes on 59th street from Adams Ave to Madison Ave?
VERY DANGEROUS POTHOLE ON THE LEFT LANE GOING WEST ON AERO DR AFTER AFTON RD. s deep and dangerous may cause vehicle damage if not repaired soon
VERY DANGEROUS POTHOLE ON THE LEFT LANE GOING WEST ON AERO DR AFTER AFTON RD. s deep and dangerous may cause vehicle damage if not repaired soon. Caused by the storm
SUNKEN TRENCH JUST PAST THE OLD MISSION BAY BRIDGE. WHERE THEY ARE BUILDING THE NEW BRIDGE
Pot hole on corner of Lombard Place and Nobel as you enter the mall
Lots of pots holes all down Genesee Ave on both side
BAD P/HS EB FRO MCAM INO RUIZ TO COVENA
Pothole
Today I was driving to Mesa College as  has just stopped raining I encountered a huge problem due to the lack of the Cities part of keeping the street up to drive able conditions.  As there as a pothole full of water which I couldn't avoid due to a car being on the right side of me and the dirt road divider on the left. My tire popped which not only made me late to my class but made me spend over $140 which all could have be avoidable on the city part. After the four hours of waiting to buy a new tire I went back the the pothole parked safely and recorded and took pictures as i tried to give fellow drivers a warning of a huge pothole the size of a swimming pole was in front of them. I extremely disappointed in the City Of San Diego, as a born a raised native I know  could all have been avoided. tached are picture of the damage to my car at the time and picture of the Swimming pool (Pothole) and I also have a video of the car and the impact is having on drivers.  I have also attached my receipt
Large pot hole on entrance to coast walk  from Torrey pines road 25 feet in and few other small pot holes next it.
Large pot hole in street
Pot hole going down the hill acama rd
Pot Hole in the street in front of our house.


There are multiple, huge potholes on Vista Hill Ave. the street is so bumpy, its like driving on train tracks!

deep pothole on south east corner of intersection Genter&Fay ave
Trio of potholes
Large hole in drainage culvert. This could lead to a sinkhole with the amount of water that flows here in a good storm.
I just got two flat tires hitting a ditch that was caused by the current water line replacement project.  's a bad rut and you might want to block it before more people have the same trouble.  Traveling southeast on Foothill, it's just as you enter the intersection.
Potholes all along University Ave East between 58th and College Ave.
Was driving down Foothill Blvd. at 10:05 pm towards Beryl St. An enormous pot hole was responsible for the flattening to both of my vehicles driver side tires. These tires are only months old with very few miles on them.
There are so meny pot holes from unvirsity and 44th all the way down to oramge st on 44th

Westbound on Aero Drive near intersection of Kearny Villa Rd. There is a pothole that has grown exponentially in size since yesterday morning. Large chunks of asphalt are in the roadway (the size of grapefruits), and the hole is so deep that I fear the alignment on my big pickup (that I had done less than a month ago) has been thrown off. I can only imagine what  is doing to smaller vehicles. This is near the area where the sinkhole was reported.  has been filled several times with inadequate amounts of gravel/repair patches. Maybe a more permanent solution could help prevent further erosion. If  is not repaired today, I believe you will have multiple accidents/damages resulting from disregarding it. I believe it could even produce similar sinkhole results like the offramp in the area and needs to be addressed ASAP before more damages ensue.
Left side of left lane. Aprox 10 feet before intersection. Large pothole.

This massive sinkhole has been here for over six weeks.
Genesee and Richland pothole on Genesee before arriving to Richland
2-3large potholes on 33rd and Thorn
Traveling West on Ash Street, there are multiple deep potholes on Ash Street just West of Third Ave.  The entire block of Ash between Third Ave. and Second Ave. is breaking down with numerous ruts, but the pot holes are the worst and with the current rain are quite dangerous.




CAR DAMAGING POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION,
Potholes you fixed but back

Pot hole you fixed it before
Pothole due to rain


Pothole
3 very large potholes
Deadly 6-8" deep pothole in the number two lane as you travel northbound on W Mission Bay Dr. after you cross the bridge from Point Loma.  is deep and wide enough to easily throw a motorcyclist.
3 blocks of Milton have horrible potholes after multiple poorly done resurface jobs.
Large deep pothole in left lane going south where foothill blvd and ingraham blvd merge very bad pothole people are pulling over with flat tires address is approx but hole is more northwest
Exit 28 off ramp. This exit has many many potholes. Hope these can be fixed soon!
This is actually on a city owned alleyway off Esmeraldas Dr.  You can see a city patch done maybe two years ago(?) near curb but tree probably should be removed as patch did little to prevent additional damage. Severe walking danger! Ruler shows three inch lift of slab amid other damage to roadway.
Not sure if a pothole got covered up but not the street is very uneven!  is now bumpy when you make a right on Roselle when you head to the freeway 5 south on ramp. Hope  can be fixed soon and get the road smooth again. Thank you.
01ST & ELM - MANY POTHOLES

There's a few potholes at  intersection. Two are in the intersection at the side of La Jolla Village Dr going west. More specifically, if driving on La Jolla Village going east, and making a left turn onto Genesee (going north), if on the outer left turn lane, in the middle of the turn, there are two potholes. Another pothole is in the northwest corner of the intersection. If driving south on Genesee and making a right turn onto La Jolla Village Dr, there is a pothole in the middle of that turn. I don't have pictures, but have run over the potholes a few times and it seems like they're getting bigger. Thanks for your help!
Lots of large cracks and extended potholes on Lake habaska Pl between BlueLake & Lake Angela.
Pothole on the corner of Michael Faraday and Marconi dr
W/B SEVERAL POTHOLES
Pothole
Test case.  Please don't process.
There is a series of potholes in front of our house, going up Leland Street. Several have been filled in over the years but the street is very alligatored and currently there is another large pothole.  The street really needs a repave, but at least the new pothole needs to get repaired.
15" square hole



Test only, please do not process.
Please allow  to notify the City of 2 large pot holes between 2nd & 3rd on Ash St. the entire street could use resurfacing.  least the holes could be filled. Thanks!
Pothole on westbound Genesee turning south on to Linda Vista Road.  Gave me a flat tire . Very big.
The pothole is about  4 inches deep, very dangerous, make people in the traffic lane swerve out of the way which can cause an accident. Since there was a person near my I couldn?t move lanes and I hit the pothole it bent my rim.  So  needs to be fixed fast before anyone else gets injured.
There's a bunch of pot holes..along the whole road..from 5802-5990. University Ave

VERY LARGE pothole in left lane of WB Balboa Avenue,  just after you pass over intersection at Clairemont Drive.

I drove over a large pothole on the south side of westbound Genesee Ave (near the center divider curb) just before the left hand turn lane onto Richland Ave at 8:30  a.m.   was filled with water so the depth of it could not be appreciated.   jarred my car significantly and my tire pressure warning light for the front driver tire immediately went on indicating zero pressure; I drove less than a mile to my work and the car was making a grinding noise near the tire.  I called a tow truck and the car is being inspected by the mechanics now but when I inspected the tire after arriving at work, there was 2 large cuts in the tire near the rim and it was flat.  I uploaded the photos of the damage but I've been unable to take a photo of the pothole since I haven't been in my car (I drove w/ the tow truck to the mechanics and Uber gave me a ride back to work.)
Major pothole right lane east bound

Large pothole causing tire damage


Pothole at College and Adams
Several potholes & alligator cracking, #2 Lane southbound College Ave
Pothole needs to be filled in please.
This section of Genesee -- from 15 to Linda Vista, Rd.,  is commonly a problem re pot holes.   is now dangerous and unacceptable in the extreme.   I wrecked my tire  morning on one that is clearly more than ONE FOOT deep... and there are 8 others easily visible on that stretch of Genesee.  PLEASE fix.  Highest priority.  Drivers are weaving around trying to avoid.  There will be accidents!
Large pieces of concrete and asphalt have lifted from the rains, the are from Sampson to 28th ST on the ship yard side of road is falling apart, large potholes all over the street very dangerous
Hit a series of potholes in excess of 3 inches on N. Ingram st @ West mission bay drive
Potholes

Scripps Ranch Blvd. between Erma Road and Affinity Court is in need of repairs.  Pot holes, uneven pavement.
Pothole before the traffic light
Pot hole you did it once before

Potholes you did before sorry for sending a lot to you but did not have the right address now I do


Pothole in intersection of Zion Av and Waring Rd. Contact is Larry at 619-990-3231
Pothole in the left through lane of westbound Via de la Valle between I-5 South and the first driveway on the right.
4 pot holes  west bound  Jamacha , skyline and cardiff  4 pot holes.

POT HOLE
POT HOLES COMING OUT OF THE CITY PERSHING YARD.
Very large pothole in the left lane on the westbound side
Lines of potholes on westbound Camino del Norte. Getting worse over years. Where are our gas taxes going??
Large pothole
I WAS DRIVE AND SUDDENLY I DROVE OVER A HUGE /POTHOLE, LOCATION IS  FOOTHILL BLVD AND MONMOUTH DRIVE, MY TIRE GOT POPED, AND MANY MORE vehicles HAD POP TIRES.  I AM ASKING FOR HELP WITH MY TIRE FIXED, I HAD JUST BOUGHT NEW TIRES TO MY VEHICLE ,  AND BECAUSE OF THIS STREET POTHOLE MY TIRE GOT FLAT/PLEASE HELP ME PAY FOR MY NEW TIRE, THANK YOU
Potholes all over northbound El Camino Real. Where are the gas taxes for roads that were promised and pit into a lockbox??
Pothole on Riviera Dr from Ingraham St.
I WAS DRIVING ON FOOTHILL BLVD AND MONMOUTH DRIVE ON 01-15-2019 AROUND 1900 HOURS, WHEN I HIT A HUGE POTHOLE AND FLAT MY DRIVER SIDE FRONT LEFT TIRE, I CALLED MY AAA TOWING TO COME AND FIX MY TIRE,  I AM ASKING FOR THE CITY TO HELP ME WITH A NEW TIRE, THERE WAS SEVERAL VEHICLES THAT ALSO HIT THE POTHOLE, I HAVE PICTURES AND EVIDENCE ABOUT THIS INCIDENT, PLEASE HELP ME, WITH A NEW TIRE, THANK YOU
Pothole on Sea Ridge Dr from Chelsea Av before La Jolla Bl.
A big pothole in the middle of the street. it is causing cars to go around it.
POTHOLE
Pothole at intersection of Cam de la Costa and Chelsea Av.
Pothole at Neptune Pl and Rosemont St.
There is a deep hole in the middle of the street at the intersection of Satinwood Way and Brookhaven Rd. The hole poses a serious safety issue and tripping hazard. There is also rough material over part of the hole that increases the severity of the hazard.
Pothole at Fern Glen and Neptune.
Multiple deep potholes on ramp from Friars Road westbound to Mission Village Dr northbound.
There's a huge pothole on the left side of the left lane heading west on Aero Drive, a bit after you cross the  Afton Rd/Glenn H. Curtiss intersection. There are no buildings on the right, but Google says it's around 8420 Aero Dr. With the rain it is hard to see how deep it is, but I saw a truck go into it and it's very deep.
The entire length of the 6100 block of Acorn Street between College Avenue and 62nd St. has new potholes since the most recent rain.
There are numerous potholes in both of the eastbound lanes of Montezuma Road between Fairmount Avenue and Collwood Boulevard.
There are potholes in the crosswalk on the south side of the intersection
Going northbound on west mission bay drive at approximately 12:34 pm I hit a large pothole approximately 4 inches deep by 3 feet long.. after avoiding further potholes in both lanes I pulled over to the shoulder. To inspect my vehicle for damages. I noticed my wheel and tire had been damaged. Upon restarting my vehicle control panel notified me the vehicle had sustained damage on the steering components and suspension..
Lots of potholes after the rain on Genesee Av between Linda Vista Rd and I-163. Contact is Bob at 858-279-7974
Way too many potholes going from Genesee down to the 163 towards Frost Street
Pothole
Pothole
VERY DEEP POTHOLE
East bound Clairemont Mesa Blvd between Doliva and 805, 92117
Pothole on EB Via Capri by roundabout
The whole block is torn up. Full of potholes and badly cracked. 's treacherous.
meteor crash site, send help asap!!!
Large sinkhole found on our lot.  11 feet deep by 3 feet wide.  We do not know how to talk to.
WEST BOUND AT THE INTERSECTION.
Potholes which had been previously repaired have opened again. Right lane of eastbound La Jolla Village Dr next to Aventine complex, between I-5 exit and Lebon Dr.
Multiple large potholes in the middle lane of intersection. La Jolla Village Dr and Villa La Jolla Dr. Much bigger than before and people were forced to stop in the middle to avoid them. Need fixing urgently.
Please fix and repair all the potholes and uneven pavement sinks bumps on 59th St
Utility repair to the asphalt has sunk and now it's a jarring pothole
On W Mission Bay Dr. Going North. Several large potholes. Previous road work fill in has sunk and created a few very large potholes (close to overpass). Witnessed 5 cars in the last days with damages resulting from sunken roadway. Very dangerous, costly to drivers.
Large potholes in the southbound lane of Morena Blvd a few hundred feet north of the Balboa Ave undercrossing.
Multiple potholes (AGAIN) when getting off from 163 south and turning right onto Genesee Ave before Linda Vista Road
Street breaking apart on the corner of 7th ave and C , creating debris on street
Large Pothole
Large Pothole
LARGE POTHOLE ON ON RAMP
Big pothole in intersection. Drive into it twice  week.
Big pothole in middle of intersection. Ran into it twice  week with a loud *clunk*

Huge pothole on Friars road on ramp off mission
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes

Potholes
pot hole on Gresham street between alley's,
Pothole in intersection Convoy St and Clairemont Mesa Blvd
holes are in the right lane, be careful lots of fast traffic on  curve
Pothole on service road fm Pac Hwy SB to Barnett.
Large potholes all over  stretch of road
Pothole
pot hole on winona ave and alley way that is connected to el cajon
52 freeway at Genessee North exit.
805 south Adams Ave freeway exit
Large pothole in westbound lane
Pothole where Linda Vista Rd west enters intersection at Morena Blvd.
Just north of clousa friars intersection.  On colusa
Large pothole going eastbound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Pothole up the street and whole street is cracking. Since it is used a lot due to Dailard Elementary School being on  street, I believe the street should be resurfaced
West bound Clairemont Mesa Blvd, right lane, several potholes in front of Mission Federal Credit Union.
2 feet across headed north lane
SUNKEN TRENCH CAUSED VEHICLE DAMAGE
Very bad pothole ! I drove through here and the intersection was flooded and hit a pothole hard at a low speed that caused my small crack in my windshield to shatter half my windshield . There?s a lot of trucks and federal employees that drive down  road and these potholes make it hard for us to commute through here
There is a large portion of road sinking into ground above what appears to be a utility porthole (sewage or water).  The location is on Portobelo Drive as you are East bound right before you reach the Bel Sera Condo complex.  This portion of road is a patch job from work done months ago.
Numerous potholes westbound on Genesee in #1 lane between Hwy 163 and Linda Vista Road.
Pot hole in the middle of the intersection heading NB on Genesse to WB La Jolla Village Dr.
Huge deep pothole in intersection transitioning from Soutbound Linda Vista Road onto Southbound Morena Blvd.
In the southbound lane of 14th between Broadway and E St., there is a pothole that has been repaired twice now.  After the first repair, the street was sinking and it was filled in with asphalt.   has started sinking again and is a little worse every day.  Today, I noticed that there is ring around it approx 2-3 feet in diameter that is starting to crumble.   makes me think that there is a more serious problem UNDER the street.  Before it becomes a full on sink hole, could you please take a look? Thanks for all you do!   can't be an easy task to be the stewards of San Diego's crumbling infrastructure.
Huge deep pothole on southbound offramp from Pacific Hwy towards Washington Street.
Large potholes at La Jolla Pkwy and I5-S merge.
Large deep pothole from the recent rains, in the middle of the road, which is nearly impossible to avoid.   is too dangerous to stop on the side of the ramp from Mission Village Rd going west onto Friars Rd to take pictures.
Large pothole next to island  in intersection
The whole street of Limerick Ave starting at Peyton to the end of Limerick and Regina Ave is in terrible shape. The city resurfaced almost all of Limerick ending at Peyton. There is a near-constant pothole at the intersection of Limerick Ave and Regina Ave.
Large pothole. Contact is Kim at 619-346-1447
There is a huge pothole on genesse going towards linda vista road past the 163 that is hard to avoid.  There are a lot of smaller potholes on genesse in that area going towards the 163 and towards linda vista.
POTHOLE
This street needs serious repair. This entire street along with San Carlos blvd are full of potholes. Worst streets In the neighborhood. If you don't have a flat tire you will soon here
pothole in middle of intersection of pavlov and agee
Many potholes between Saipan & Calle Chanate
Road unsafe loose gravel potholes unevenroad on paseo del verano norte top of hill
Pothole very dangerous ,more then one could damage car tires .
POTHOLE
Very deep potholes in  section of the alley between Indian and Joplin. Every time the trash truck comes down the alley it rips up more of the asphalt.
RIGHT AT INTERSECTION  28TH & BOSTON
Big hole from construction
The entire of Milton has the new paving (less than a year) crumbling and with the rain creating huge potholes all along the street.  HORRIBLE AND SHAMEFUL.The contractor should be banned from any additional work . The original work was shoddy at best and completely useless.  GET IT FIXED ASAP. Go see it.  Images will not describe it  appropriately.
Heading south, pothole is on the right side of the left lane
Potholes
Pothole in the western half of the intersection of Convoy St. & Engineer Rd.
Potholes in the #1 right turn lane between SR-52 & Copley Park Place on southbound Convoy St.
2 potholes located on the north side of Palm Avenue at 2255 Palm Avenue.
3 potholes at the end of the #2 right turn lane immediately prior to the limit line on southbound Convoy St at the intersection with Copley Park Place.
Pothole in the southbound #1 through lane of Convoy Street adjacent to the left turn lane which directs traffic onto eastbound Raytheon Rd.
Potholes at intersection
Pothole in the right, westbound lane, adjacent to the manhole cover of Copley Drive, between the first fire hydrant on the right and the first driveway on the right north of the intersection with Copley Park Place.
Pothole in the left westbound lane of Copley Drive just before the light green colored cable box on the right. More precise location is in  Google maps link.https://goo.gl/maps/bqTi71y1tDM2
With rain, the recent crappy road repair, approx. 5' x 5' has receded into the ground and now breaking off sharp edge of south edge of repair causing a severe dip and is a ROAD HAZARD on  high traffic left lane traveling south on Waring Rd.
POTHOLE
Hello, the entire street of Parkdale Ave in Mira Mesa from Dancy St. to Flanders Ave. is filled with over 20 potholes. The rain has especially made it worse. The now finished construction of Jonas Salk Elementary School has unfortunately ruined the paving of Parkdale Ave.
POTHOLE
In the #1 westbound lane of Copley Dr, there's a pothole forming around one of the water department utility covers. More precise location is in the Google maps link provided.https://goo.gl/maps/ASrPgqx6pyy
Several holes on  block
POTHOLE
Deep pothole on PVR, not Prairie Mound
Linear potholes in the northern half of the intersection of Copley Drive and the driveway for 5643 Copley Drive.
Pothole in the right westbound lane of Copley Drive where a trench construction job previously took place. More precise location is in the Google maps link.https://goo.gl/maps/h1jFbVe85JA2
Deep pothole on PVR, not Prairie Mound
Potholes in the left lane of westbound Copley Dr. More precise location is in the Google maps link. https://goo.gl/maps/6iUMXmPsFxz
Pothole forming around the Water Department uitlity cover just barely past the driveway on westbound Copley Dr. More precise location is in the Google maps link.https://goo.gl/maps/2gDCptx3iYs
The whole road is covered in potholes. They are concentrated at the intersections of K and 32nd. I would suggest filling in the biggest ones while you are out there.
Pothole in the north bound lane. Contact is Jim at 619-549-9738
P/HS ALL ALONG SEMINOLE BY THE DORMS REALLY BAD
Potholes north Lane the entire way
Potholes centerline
In the left lane of westbound Aero Drive between Sandrock Road and Afton Road, there is a big pothole developing at the left edge of the lane which is now nearly two feet wide or so. NOTE:  I put the address of the Soc Sec Admin, because  is the closest street address I noticed.
Huge pothole.
Multiple potholes
Travelling southbound on 30th street, there is a wide and narrow dip in the street, which catches the tires of vehicles. The dip/ pothole is about 20 inches wide and 3 to 4 inches deep.
Potholes on eastbound Convoy Court. Located between the last driveway on the right side prior to the intersection with Ruffner St and the intersection with Ruffner St. More precise location is in the Google maps location.https://goo.gl/maps/7T42LnGc1hF2

Road washing out on 163 South Exit to Friars Road East
Northbound, a couple. Thanks!
 the bottom of mission village drive on ramp to friars road west, there is a huge dip.  almost like a crater, that was not there yesterday.  I am concerned that it is becoming a sink hole.  I do not have pictures.
The pothole is on the right side of the lane, travelling northbound on 30th Street. The size is approx. 6 inches wide, 12 inches long and 3 to 3.5 inches deep
Large pot
HUGE buckle in the street all the way across
Road falling apart. Needs to be repaved.


Potholes down entire street
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole that's been there for 4 months !!

They are all the way down harbor drive by the military base
There is a deep pothole in the right hand lane, going south on Fairmount Ave, just before the Hwy 8 West bound on ramp.
There is a large pothole(s) going east bound on Imperial Ave, when you are in the left hand turn lane just before getting on the Northbound 805 on ramp.  I believe the holes are right at the transition from the bridge concrete to the black top.
Road repair done two weeks ago is sinking due to rain. My car tire was damaged
Deep pothole in center of lane just after the merge of 2 lanes into one on Laurel on way to airport.  blew my tire.
Southbound lane
Westbound lane
SR 163 S/B  & GENESEE AV WESTSEVERAL SMALL POTHOLES ON GENESEE PER PD CAUSING A HAZ & DAMAGED VEHS

Pothole at the intersection of southbound Linda Vista Road and Morena Blvd.

LARGE POTHOLE ON PARADISE Valley rdCAUSED DAMAGE TO CALLERS VEHDARNELL 619-381-0236
There is a deep pothole that damaged a neigbhbor's tire.  is northbound along Genesee (left lane) and Judson intersection along with other small potholes that cause drivers to swerve into other lanes of traffic to avoid more damage.
Pothole, popped a brand new tire.  Invisible in the rain
There are many potholes at the intersection of Miralani Drive and Camino Ruiz.
This and other potholes all inside the "box" of the intersection of Convoy Street and Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
6200  FRIARS RD... IFO STADIUM . LARGE POTHOLE PER CALLER, CAUSED DAMAGE TO TIRE
Potholes
Please stop ripping out roads that are perfectly fine and repaving them. The end of Genesee ave (before the 163) has been filled so many times the road is nothing but potholes or bumps. Thousands use  road everyday. Just replace it. La Jolla doesn?t need anymore ripping out and redoing. Bring it to cities that matter just as much. We pay taxes too.
Going WEST on Aero Dr there are potholes on the street due to the rains
Going East on Aero Dr new potholes due to the rains
Multiple potholes between Linda Vista Road and Richland Street on Genoese Ave.
Pothole in left side of left lane
Intersection of rolando and university ave horrible dip after handicap ramps were put in please fix
Large pot hole. Whole section is crumbling.
Pothole
PER CUST, CAR DAMAGING POTHOLE IN W/B LEFT LANE IN BETWEEN AERO CT AND GLEN CURTIS RD ON AERO DR , CD 7
Car damaging pot hole , damaged 3 cars in a row in front of the shopping center a cone has been placed.
Road has large potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Large pothole on northbound Sunset Cliffs Blvd. with cross of West Point Loma Blvd.
Potholes
Pothole
This pothole is on the ramp from Mission Village Dr to Friars Rd west. Very deep
Pothole

Large pothole in left lane
Pothole
PER PD LARGE POTHOLES IN #1 LANE OF 3600 BLOCK OF BALBOA, 2 FT BY 3 FT POTHOLE AND 1 FT BY 2 FT POTHOLE
Large pot hole on east bound side of Meade Ave
Bad Potholes in second & third Lane
Pot holes in the left turn lane and as you turn left onto La Jolla village drive from gennessee
Resurfacing needed for 35th Street to fill large potholes and horrible street condition between Madison Ave and Monroe Ave
Pothole
There's a large pothole on the left side of the left lane on east bound Grand Ave
Potholes
Potholes

Large pothole. Led to at least five flats tires the evening of 1/17. Felt like it hit the axle of my new Camry. Located approaching Genesee after exiting the 163 to LVR.
There are several potholes and eroding asphalt on the through fare between the RB Inn & the Country Club of Rancho Bernardo.


Pothole on Mission Village on-ramp to Friars WB
Pothole on westbound Othello Ave on the asphalt surface adjacent to the concrete surface between the two driveways for Camp Run-a-Mutt.
In the intersection of Othello Ave & Convoy Street,  potholes just inside the limit line at the east side of the intersection. Photo is facing westbound on Othello Ave.
Pothole forming around the manhole cover near the very center of intersection of Convoy Street & Othello Ave.
In the right lane of westbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd between Convoy & Ruffner Streets. A continuous line of previously patched potholes have reopened along the entire stretch mentioned in  report.
LARGE POT HOLE IN MIDDLE OF CROSSWALK
Large, deep pothole.  Hard to see when dark or raining.
Large potholes on Pomerado road heading West. There's multiple large ones at the marked address here, but also more further East along Pomerado (also the westbound road).
Large pot hole on northbound Qualcomm way, just south of Friars Rd in the #2 lane.
deep cracks in street
cracks in road
Very large pothole.
Huge pothole, I believe the city fixed a piped but left a huge 6 foot hole. My tire just popped because of .
pothole in intersection
Last Friday the contractor replacing curbs with handicapped ramps in Tierrasanta,  left a large gap between the newly poured concrete and the existing asphalt on the corner of Tambor Rd and Cartulina Rd, 92124. They tried to fill the gap with sand, however, that was washed away during the rains of the past week. The hole is directly in the traffic path around the corner. Please contact the contractor for immediate repair of their poor work.
Large pothole #2 w/b lane of Navajo at intersection. Enough to damage vehicle or be dangerous to bike or motorcycle
cracked up
Potholes starting,couple more past these ones also
2 big potholes and loose asphalt
Pothole close to sidewalk on street that entire block
Potholes in street cuts across all lanes.
Potholes across and in the right : westbound turn lane onto Carmel Mountain Road.
Super deep pothole
numerous potholes
pothole
Lots of potholes. Contact is Diane at 619-261-1292
Recent water repair is now a sinkhole
Large pothole expanding most of the entry point to Friars road West from Mission Village Road.
Pothole on off ramp exiting friars road West to Mission Village Road. Blew out our rear car tire.
Recent repairs now holes again
Potholes in road from overpass to del Cerro stoplight
PER CHP LARGE POTHOLE 3 FT X 3 FT 6" DEEP E/B WASHINGTON STREET IN THE LEFT TURN LANE TO 163 EXIT
Multiple potholes
A repair was made in the east bound lanes next to the center divide.   has sunk below the adjacent pavement creating a hazard.
Lakehurst & Pocahontas, pothole hit 1/7/2019.
Pothole
There is now a huge pothole on Midway going towards the 8 east entrance, close to Point Loma Blvd. and Sports Arena's intersection.  's on the rightmost side, kind of near Jack in the Box and the Wyndham.  Caused a blowout with my tire today.

STREET NEEDS TO BE REPAVED.  PATCH REQUIRED
Deep & wide pothole has reopened at the intersection of Via La Jolla on the eastbound side of La Jolla Village Drive.
Good size pothole on Aero Drive between Sandrock road and Kearny Villa Road. I have hit it two times now and it has gotten bigger
Deep pothole has reopened near the Hyatt driveway on the eastbound side of La Jolla Village Drive.
Numerous potholes have reopened along Torrey Pines Road north of the La Jolla Village Drive / Prospect transition.
POTHOLES/ ASPHALT DAMAGED AFTER RAIN ON MILTON BETWEEN BURGENER & ILLION
The pothole is coming apart and stones are all over the street, when cars drive by they try to avoid it almost hitting the park cars.
Due heavy rain in last few days, large potholes with a depth of more than 2" were created at Balboa Ave.
Large pothole
5-6 HUGE potholes in two lanes of westbound Balboa
Large pothole after crossing intersection before going up the hill for N Torrey Pines Rd
Large pothole on La Jolla Village Dr (eastbound) on the right most lane, right before turning into the protected right turn lane.
Big pothole if it ruins my  Car's alignment I'm going to give you the bill
Approximately 9:55 am 1-18-19 I drove in the inside lane of Waring Rd and hit  problem.    looked like a repair that was caving in.   If my left from wheel is not damaged it will be a miracle.  Needs to be fixed or barricaded immediately   Very dangerous and if a motorcycle ran into  it would not be good  Sorry pics are upside down.

CUST STATES MANY POTHOLES
9000 Flanders drive ..many potholes in intersection
Pothole around manhole
Pothole going southbound
Potholes
Multiple potholes in the road - thank you!
POTHOLES HAVE REAPPEARED DUE TO RAIN. IT APPEARS THAT HOLES HAVE DIRT OR SAND AT THE BASE. WILL NEED TO REMOVE DIRT OR SAND OR COMPACT  IT SO THAT ASPHALT DOES NOT BREAK AWAY SO EASILY.  HOTSPOT FOR CLAIMS TO RISK DEPT. I DROVE BY THERE LAST WEEK WHEN POTHOLE WAS STILL EXPOSED.
POT HOLE.
Two pot holes in the north bound lane

Many potholes, Street needs to be repaved
Road in  area has many bumps and potholes which are only getting worse. That area of the street (which is a main busy road) needs repaving.
POTHOLE E/B JUST PASTED JACK IN THE BOX LEFT LANE
BROKEN ATT MANHOLE
There are major road repairs needed due to a poor patch job from City crews.
CUST STATES LARGE POTHOLE AT THE CORNER OF MISSION CENTER RD AND FRIARS RD IS CAR DAMAGING
See photo and red arrow for road damage that keeps growing and makes it dangerous to drive. 's the area that got flooded and repaired recently. The repaired asphalt is lifting !!
CUST STATES LARGE, CAR DAMAGING POTHOLE GOING WEST ON FRIARS RD RAMP FROM S/B MISSION VILLAGE DR
Growing pothole. Please fill
Large potholes. PD blocked areas in the street.
Pothole west side
Fractured pavement
Big dangerous pothole next to Shell gas station
Bad pothole in crosswalk.
multiple potholes in number 2 Westbound Ln. from Camino Ruiz to Cabot Drive
pothole in number 2 Westbound Ln. just before pyramid
Potholes along Kerany mesa road at Othello.
Pot hole in pedestrian crosswalk adjacent to Fire Station 20..major tripping hazard
Tones of potholes on Marlesta near Chasewood.
Multiple potholes in the south-bound lane located between 25 and 50 north of the stop light.
Potholes
Potholes
Very deep. Westbound Genesse, on the left lane.
Lomica pot hole for filling
One large pothole and several small ones in the northbound lanes after the second light north of Balboa.
Two potholes on westbound lane near traffic light
West bound in front of the Walgreens. Could very well be a tire breaker if it doesn't get fixed soon
Multiple potholes at the intersection of Calle de Vida and Vivaracho Way.
Sooo many pot holes at light. Turning out and in
Pothole in rightmost eastbound Lane on Mira Mesa boulevard Anthony Ruiz.
Lots of fresh potholes on Pomerado between willow creek and avenida magnifica.
Badly damaged asphalt in  intersection.  About 5 large potholes.
Numerous large potholes.
CAR DAMAGING POT HOLE, CONSUMER HAS A FLAT TIRE.
Balboa west bound east of Genessee. Multiple large deep potholes in multiple lanes. Completely unavoidable and dangerous.Really pathetic how these keep occurring here.
Pothole on east bound on 8345 mira mesa blvd. 92126
Pot hole at front of driveway on La Jolla Blvd.
Many potholes
Pothole on Gold coast rd east.
Dangerous to small wheel cars and certainly motorcycle. About 5-6 inches wide and about 6-10 feet long deep groove.  runs with traffic, on the northbound lane.
Pothole at the stop sign
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole near the center of the intersection of Kearny Mesa Road and Convoy Street.
Large pothole at stop sign. I?ve seen several hit hard due to not seeing because of being filled with water.
Pothole near the northwest corner of Ostrow Street and Convoy Street.
Wing Street where it intersects with Midway Drive in the Midway district is an absolute mess of broken pavement and potholes and has been that way for the last three years with no attempt by the city to repair it.
Pothole on Health Center Dr just north of Frost St in s/b lane. Contact is Allen at 619-248-1046
Massive pothole from construction
Pothole in middle of intersection
Two potholes have developed at Kemper and Midway on the east side of the intersection.
Potholes on corner of Robinson and 8th
Deep pot hole on Aldine traveling north to fairmount
Balboa Ave has mutiiple potholes in both directions east and west from 7170 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111 to 4238 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92117 please patch the road needs to be resurfaced.
Four different potholes along 37th st. They have been covered before in several occasions but they never last.
August thru November street was cut and removed. Now the center line of street for approx half a block is uneven ( about 2- 4? lower varies inboard out and length wise)additionally multiple pot holes are appearing where a majority of the cutting was completed. This morning I blew out two tires due to the largest pothole
Deep pothole



Multiple of deep potholes
Bad street
Some of the biggest potholes I've seen need to get somebody out here
Corner intersection crosswalk and street has MAJOR potholes which are caused by Library landscape sprinklers that flow into intersection on EVERY cycle. Potholes are numerous and deep. Pothole fixes that do not address the sprinkler issue also will be pointless.  This is a continual serious safety issue for pedestrians and vehicles
There is an enormous trench through the road on the onramp from Mission Village Dr onto Friars Rd. I hit  and it jolted my car and disrupted my driving control and damaged the alignment and tires on my car.
Street is riddled with potholes and just broken up pavement
Side road on 1st to turn onto A st
Pothole just before left turn lane. Repair collapsed.
Large pothole
Pothole here & several more on Genesee between La Jolla Village dr. & Nobel on both sides.

Large pothole
Pothole on Ulric Rd going northbound. . . . Just north of Friars Rd
Pothole on southbound Ulric St just south of David St
3 - 4 potholes on northbound Ulric St after you pass Linbrook St and before David St
Large pothole between Catalina and Canon, in the lane heading toward Canon
Potholes at the intersection of El Cajon Blvd. and Florida St.
Potholes from 163s exit on park all the way to presidents way in the left hand lane
Large pothole in westbound middle lane
Multiple huge potholes in middle and left lane westbound.  least 3 consecutively.
POTHOLE BENT WHEELS ON MOTORCYCLE. ON RAMP, S/B MISSION VILLAGE DR TO W/B FRIARS RD
from approximately 4000 Morena blvd both north and south lanes have multiple pot holes that are getting larger, up to the on ramp ( over the bridge) to Balboa ave Eastbound
Several pot holes at Camino Ruiz & New Salem by the library.
Pothole on northbound lane right after intersection

Large pothole in middle of road
Growing pothole in Pt Loma. 3 within 75 feet on Macauly by 923 bus stop 10778
HORRIBLE POTHOLES. DANGEROUS FOR MOTORCYCLES.
4 ft wide sinking asphalt
Pothole more than a foot in length
Pothole About 12 inches in length?
Huge pothole in roundabout
Customer at 4535 polk is complaining that pot hole case's flood need repair asap tripping hazard at cross walk
Big pothole in center of LJ Scenic Dr at end of ramp heading to LJ Parkway eastbound.
On the south side of W Point Loma Blvd, there is a huge pothole.  shredded my tire earlier today. I had my 5 year old with me so I wasn?t able to stop and get photos on a major street. But here?s a pic of my car, 5 year old, and getting towed by AAA today.
Square pothole between Friars Rd and ramp to 163S. On northbound Ulric. Very harsh on low profile tires.
There are numerous potholes on Upas east of 30th; I hit one and I fear my car is damaged.
Pothole in the southwest corner of the west crosswalk at State and Laurel that had been (barely) re-filled has re-opened and is just as large as it was before. Please refill and refill it deeper than the last time so it won't re-crater when it rains again.
12-18" pothole in the middle of Prado Place.
HUGE pothole! Almost sucked the whole car in!
There are 3 huge potholes that could cause damage to the cars. Please please patch them. Thanks
Pothole
So many potholes on  street
Pothole on the on ramp to I5
Pothole on the ocean view heading up the hill in the left lane.
Several potholes. Thank you for saving our rims and tires! You guys are the best!!!
Large pothole again.  This block has had had chronic pothole and asphalt damage issues for more than 20 years.
pothole repair crumbling on busy street

Numerous potholes
 intersection of Balboa and Cannington several DEEP potholes. Unable to photo due to traffic
Several very DEEP potholes. Cars try to swerve around them . Unable to add photo due to traffic
There was a pothole next to O?reillys Auto parts, and I hit it around 6 o?clock at night. There was no cone to warn me and there was no way to swerve seeing as there was another car.  was huge, and it should have had protection around it. I want to be re-imbursed for my expenses of a whole new tire and rim. The cone was placed after the police showed up.

Numerous potholes
numerous potholes  in intersection of glascow and argonne
LARGE POTHOLE AT THE CORNER OF TAMBOR AND CARTULINA RD
Potholes
Potholes x2
Huge pothole (or possibly the beginning of a sink hole?) on eastbound Diamond right by Ingrahm intersection - it takes up more than half the lane and is at least 6 inches deep and full of water. This is an area where crews were working a couple weeks ago on the large pipe replacement project in PB.
Intersection of midway and kemper
Road surface needs repair black top is breaking off on chunks!!
Bad bad pot whole
Big potholes (where the puddles are) on eastbound New Salem Street immediately past the intersection with Camino Ruiz.
Multiple potholes on access road from South bound Pacific Highway to West bound Barnett Avenue
Numerous potholes on entire length of road.
Multiple potholes in both directions along Genesee Avenue between Linda Vista Road and Richland Street
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions between Richland Street and 163 freeway.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes at intersection of Acworth and Old Meadow.
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole in middle of strreet
Potholes and cracked and broken asphalt at intersection of Sagebrush Rd and Soledad Rd.
i have photo  of street how can i e mail to you ? since last 25 years i have not seen any work done on street paving and sealing
Large Pothole   location.
Large pothole in #3 south bound lane
Two potholes in West bound lane in middle of intersection with Lake Murray Blvd. recently repaired, now failed again.
Pothole near the southwest corner at the intersection of Clairemont Mesa Blvd. and Ruffner Street.
A big pothole on clairemont drive heading north to clairemont mesa drive.
Pothole near the southwest corner of Convoy Street and Engineer Road.
Pothole on the top of the Adams Ave offramp from 805 . . . .  is right before you turn left on Ohio St . . . . .
Pothole in the right lane on southbound Linda Vista Road.
Multiple potholes in both directions along Dagget Street between Convoy and Brinell Streets.
HUGE POTHOLE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE STREET NEAR 3186 CLAIREMONT DR
Numerous potholes, all lanes of Carmel Mountain Road, both directions between I-15 and Camino Del Norte
Pothole
Pothole on Camino del Rio North I-8 West on-ramp
Near the outlet to the alley between Hamilton and Oregon, along Monroe on the south side, there is what looks like a small hole in the asphalt, surrounded by cracks.  But the hole goes quite deep below the asphalt, too far to gauge with a stick and seems to hollow out more with every rainfall..
Pothole east side of double yellow line
Looks like a previous road repair.  There is a "lip" that has developed on the south side of  large square-like patch.  Located in the passing lane.  Impossible to avoid hitting.  Have hit it twice.   (I didn't have the exact address but it is on Waring Road, between Princess View and Eldridge,, closer to Eldridge, in the  southbound fast lane)
Potholes on westbound Thomas Ave, right by the first driveway for the library.
Potholes on westbound Thomas Ave immediately prior to the intersection with Cass Street.
After an attempted repair three potholes opened up on the entrance ramp to Friars from Mission Center Road  goin north after recent rains.
Pothole opening up again
Southbound Diane Ave at alley. Another pothole is located closer to Clairemont Mesa Blvd, same address, same southbound side of street.
Huge pot hole just blew out my tire!! I even slowed for it. What is wrong with  city!?
Pothole on westbound Bluffside Ave in the left turn lane which directs traffic turning onto southbound Pico St.
Potholes in the southside crosswalk at the intersection of Grand Ave at Mission Blvd.
I was driving under the speed limit west on Genesee near Linda Vista Road when I ran over a large pothole which shredded my nearly new tire. The pothole problem here has gotten out of control.....
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
multiple pot holes in right lane heading east/north
Few large potholes on Jamacha Road in front of yum yum donuts
Two large pot holes. South bound on N Harbor Dr 50 yards North of W Hawthorn St
Very large pothole. Southbound, right lane.
Pothole in the right turning lane on EB Mira Mesa Blvd at Cam Ruiz
Large pothole at Mt. Casas -Mt. Everest intersection.
There are 2 deep potholes on Kemper St at Midway Dr.  They are located on the northbound side of Kemper going towards Home Depot from Midway Dr.  There is one in the gutter/dip that crosses Kemper and one a few feet away right by the double yellow line, between north and southbound Kemper.
we have a pothole 51" long, one foot wide and two inches deep, that keeps growing.  We have  asphalt  in the street, sidewalk and sometimes in our driveway.  's in a blind spot at the crest of the hill and I'm afraid that it could cause an accident.
literally the entire stretch of 32nd from Lincoln to University
In lane
There are a few deep, rather large pot holes at the Stop sign of Corte Sabio and Paseo Lucido.
Looks like a small sink hole is starting where the street is sinking.  Please check.  Thank you!
This was listed as closed (report # 02480837) but the pothole is still there in plain sight and bigger since  picture was taken. Please patch, location is on point in map, driving south on Fairmount Ave, cross street is Olive. I provided picture for reference. Second friendly request. Thank you.
Two huge potholes in the intersection. If you're turning left from La Jolla Village Drive onto Villa La Jolla Drive, you have to do a wider turn to avoid them.
tons of potholes
many pot holes
giant pot holes along school
many pot holes along  street
10800 New Salem St. east bound side as soon as you turn off of          Comino Ruiz many many many deep potholes... has been reported several times. Help please! Thanks
Huge pothole on the corner
PER PD BIG POTHOLE IN MIDDLE OF INTERSECTION FILLED WITH WATER, DAMAGED CAR, REPORTED BY DIANE 6198293227
Multiple potholes from the rain
Large deep pothole in the middle of Diamond St and Ingraham St. Contact is Chet at 619-677-0898
Pot holes all over, road is turning to dirt and mud. Please repave.
Vehicle blocking handicapped ramp.
Large pothole
Potholes and exposed sensor wires

There are many potholes on Tyrolean Road. I don't think the street has been paved for the past 15+ years. There are potholes right in front of our driveway.  may damage our tires or cause unnecessary accidents to property & people.
HUGE pothole almost popped my tire
POTHOLD ON MIDDLE LANE S/B
POTHOLE MIDDLE LANE W/B
Pothole at 5686 Barclay Ave, San Diego. 1 large one and 1 small
LARGE, DEEP pothole in left lane on Genesee, heading west, near Richland St.
Potholes and uneven street surfaces on Felton Street. This street is a heavily trafficked street due to McKinley Elementary school.
Pothole
 approx.   location on northbound N. Torrey Pines, in an asphalt patch over concrete roadway, a big new pothole in the asphalt
Hazard potential. I have hit  at under speed limit two times in evening.  has worsened since the heavy rain. Water puddles there. Concerned for First Responders, especially since off ramp sinkhole to Childrens and Sharps Hospital was closed. The hole is after the Afton Road and Aero Dr. intersection light in the left lane on drivers side of road, westbound.  is before the left turn at the Aero Ct. and Aero Drive intersection. The rain water puddles in the spot.
Large pothole from Mission Village Dr exit west onto Friars Rd. Contact is Tom at 858-650-0810
The whole alley has pot holes. I am afraid to ride my motorcycle on it.
Potholed
There are so many potholes on Tyrolean Road.  may cause accident and damage tires.
There are so many potholes on Tyrolean Road.  had caused damage to tires and it's unsafe. This street hasn't been paved for the past 15+ years
In the alley  so bad
Two deep potholes on westbound Genesee just east of Richland.
Potholes black asphalt damaged
s right before you enter the 8 west Friday from Camino Del rio north.
Pothole near sidewalk
Holes on the road, bunch of them, between houses 11158  and 11150
Big deep pothole at Intersection
Bad pot hole!
LOTS OF POTHOLES REAGAN RED BTW MIRA MESA AND CAMINO RUIZ
Potholes traveling west bound.
Potholes traveling west bound.
Lots of large potholes on Genesee between Linda Vista and I-163S. Contact is Janet at 858-736-6315
Sunk in  concrete behind  address in the concrete alley
Whole street going towards 61st has huge potholes
at  intersection of Archer and Fanuel at stop sign pothole
Huge holes on Genesee east from Linda Vista Rd, to fwy Some going westbound in same area
 the intersection of New Salem st and Camino Ruiz, on the East side of intersection, a large number of potholes have formed due to improper drainage.
POTHOLES
STEVE 8586828648 REPORT POTHOLES
STEVE 8586828648 REPORT POTHOLES
STEVE 8586828648 REPORT POTHOLES
STEVE 8586828648 REPORT POTHOLES
STEVE 8586828648 REPORT POTHOLES
Entire street has potholes due to the weight of the buses.  Unable to stop on street to get picture.
The entire stretch of road in the west direction is riddled with numerous potholes and is tearing up my car!
we lived by Amanda street and we had a pothole in the middle of the street between #5595 and 5596 by Amanda Street & 55th  and we notice that  issue it grows how the time past. please can you send someone to make the repairs as soon as possible. if you have any question you can contact me at 619-564-7668
Area of raised asphalt is like running over a speed bump, but the speed limit is 40 mph.
Huge hole, damaged vehicle
Potholes/dip in road Mallard Street in front of address listed.
Large pot hole. Hit large pot hole which resulted in blown tire
Two potholes
30 feet by 6 ft across both sides North and South from drain under the road. Why is no one fixing  issue.
WB linda Vista at morena, pothole in intersection
Multiple Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Looks like there the patchwork caved in. If a car hits it there will be major damage.
This sink hole is gotten deeper over the past couple of days
Assorted pothole
Potholes on Gold Coast drive between black mtn rd and westonhill drive

VERY deep pothole and a lot of dangerous debris from the hole that needs to be cleaned up. Thanks!
s the alley. 75% of the alley is aweful potholes. I took several pictures but can only upload one. We've only had our car for 5 years and have to get new shocks and struts. Please please please help make everyone on  alley's life a little better. Thank you so much.
s in the alley. 75% of the alley is aweful potholes. We've only had our car for 5 years and have to get new shocks and struts. Please please please help make everyone on  alley's life a little better. Thank you so much.
Potholes between Camino de la Siesta and Camino del Arroyo.
A couple of potholes, one very large
Potholes
Potholes
I picked up my mother last week at County Operation Center, Overland Avenue, San Diego CA 92123.  was raining and was so dark when hit a big pot hole at Ruffin Rd between Lightwave Street and Spectrum Blvd that damaged my left front wheel tire.
Pothole
Sinkhole developing at corner of Marbury Avenue and Ticket Street, where prior patch is now caving in.
VERY LARGE DEEP POTHOLE  S/B GENESEE JUST SOUTH OF LINDA VISTA  ABOUT 8" DEEP, 3 FT LONG    MARK FREEMAN 858-459-9301
LARGE/ DEEP POTHOLE NEAR CURBSIDE UNDER CONCOURSE PARKING STRUCTURE/ P LOT OVERPASS. POTHOLE IS DIRECTLY ACROSS FROM SAN DIEGO FIRE RESCUE DEPT (FIRE STATION # 1) ON NORTH 1ST AVE IN #1 LANE TO TURN RIGHT ONTO EAST A ST. POTHOLE VERY HARD TO SEE AS SITS IN SHADED AREA AND UNABLE TO AVOID DUE TO NARROW / SLOPED LANE.
Large pothole. Southbound 163/6th ave exit.
Under parking ramp right turn lane
Potholes
Potholes
LARGE P/H IN SB RIGHT LANE BEFORE HAWTHORN
The entire section of Boulder Lake Ave North of Navajo is extremely bad. The map will not allow me to select  area since there are no house address on  section of Boulder Lake.
Large pothole in right lane Home Ave eastbound
From repairs to water main break, the machines and trucks have lifted the asphalt in front of our gate preventing our car from going in to park. We need quick response to allow access. Thank you
2800 to 2900 Boston Avenue potholes full block.
ONE LARGE POTHOLE IN INTERSECTION CROSSWALK. OTHER SMALLER ONES ON LAKEHURST
Disolving street
Potholes
Pothole in the southbound left lane of Clairemont Drive
Very large pothole in the middle of the road on the ramp from Aldine Dr heading north merging onto Fairmount. This pothole reoccurs every time there is rain. Can you please re-pave  ramp?
Pothole in the southbound left lane of Clairemont Drive  immediately south of the intersection with Calle Neil
Potholes

Potholes
Potholes
SB Santo between Clairemont Mesa & school. Small pothole.  light for school 2 large potholes.
Southbound, south of intersection with ECB

POTHOLE HEADED SOUTH EAST DAMAGED TIRES
There is a major pothole at the straight away southwest intersection of Sunset Cliffs blvd and West Point Loma Ave.
Pot hole approximate 36? long and 4-6? deep.  Resulting from recent street repairs.  Will potentially cause damage to vehicles and a significant life and safety hazard as vehicles are driving on the wrong side of the road to avoid it.  This intersection is highly used as Cartulina connects two main thoroughfares through  neighborhood.
p/hs all along genesee and linda vista
Pothole in #1 lane before the merge, south side of street heading east.
Large pothole in center of lane
large pothole in center of lane
pothole in center lane - underneath bridge of on ramp to 8 West bound
large pothole in center of right turn lane onto Rancho Carmel Dr.
Several deep potholes in the intersection of Handrich Dr & Handrich Ct
Reported  previously and city signed off on work.  Workers spread cold asphalt on street which the rain washed into the gutters.  Potholes are still there.  Suggest a supervisor check their work.  Check in front of 8072 and 8082 Lake Adlon Drive
So many in one stoplight. Saw multiple cars shake when driving over them.

Pothole northbound
LARGE POTHOLE NEAR CONSTRUCTION AREA
1 inch deep, 9x14.
1 inch deep, 9x14.
Pothole on Cam Del Norte between Bernardo Center & Cam San Bernardo
Potholes
Several large pot holes.
2 X 3 WIDE 1 FT DEEP   PER PD HAZARD
Noisy pothole. After concrete pothole was filled with asphalt, very noisy when cars drive over it. Needs to be filled with concrete instead of asphalt. Contact is Cheryl at 619-665-9461
Pothole at southwest corner of La Jolla Village Dr and Genesee Av. Contact is Ashley at 858-880-5974
There is a large pothole next to the Harbor Drive & Laurel Street Anchor - driving West on the road that connects W Laurel to N Harbor Drive.  approx. by the light post where the road splits.  I was unable to avoid  because of its size and location.  My car jolted due to the intensity of the impact and destroyed both the wheel and tire on the front passenger side.
Large pothole between lanes
Northbound Mercury between Dagget and Vickers, especially between Engineer and Vickers.
pothole on the left side of the left hand turn lane (for turning onto Hancock).  about 20' from lane start.
Large area breaking down.
Big pothole towards the middle of the street adjacent to the driveway
The area just fixed after the construction is sinking again.
The entire street east and west on Genesee from the 163 to Linda Vista road is terrible.  I have reported  several times and all that happens is the street workers come out and put more asphalt on top of old asphalt which makes the road worse.   You literally have to drive in the middle of the white lines to avoid all the uneven pavement!   When will  stretch of road be completely redone?   is to the point where my three vehicles need to have the front end realigned.   Please repave  section of road!!
Pothole
POTHOLE W/B BEFORE ENTERING INTERSECTION TIRE DAMAGE THIS MORNING
Two large pot holes
On Division St between Valencia Pky and Lorenz Av lots of large potholes. Caused multiple car damage. Contact is Roma at 661-600-7314
Wide Pothole far right lane (near bay)
deep pot hole on fairmont / mission gorge south just before it goes under the 8 fwy
Several deep potholes including one at La Jolla Shores Drive and La Jolla Shores Lane and one near the bus stop south of La Jolla Shores Lane.
There are multiple potholes varying in size on the 2000 Robinson Ave. block.  is hard to give an exact number of holes, due to the fact that some are huge and mold in with others around them. They make it very dangerous to drive up/down  already steep part of road and near impossible to park on them.
Deep pothole
Deep pothole in center of road. Appears rubber cones may have been placed there but moved at some point.
going southbound
One pothole about 15" wide, 2-3 ' long and 6" deep at approximately 4189 Rolando Blvd; a few feet south of University Ave; middle of west side of Rolando Blvd.   Second pothole about 50' south of the first one on west side of Rolando Blvd close to  the driveway entrance to the Chevron Station. This second one is about the same size, but about 2" deep.  This area of Rolando Blvd is south of University Ave between the Chevron Station and Party House Liquor.
Multiple significant potholes on  stretch of road are a danger to bicyclists and very hard on our car wheels and tires.
A big segment of asphalt needs to be re-done. Huge potholes.
A big segment of asphalt needs to be re-done. Huge potholes.
Previously filled pothole has opened again after the rain.  Intersection with Navajo Rd
There is significant damage to the asphalt in the alley between  building and the Kaiser parking structure.   can cause serious damage to cars driving through.
Humongous pothole
Large pothole at eastbound left lane
POTHOLES IFO YUMYUM DONUTS .
Badly damaged asphalt.  Raised asphalt, dips, potholes, etc.
DAMAGED  ST IFO DRIVEWAY
All the potholes going east on Montezuma Rd. Several very dangerous and deep. They never get fixed by city crews
Reporting the same potholes!  They have expanded and some are new. They are on both sides of the road at the intersection and a few more heading southeast from 27th to 28th.  Do the job right the first and we won't have to ask you to come back
Various potholes in the center intersection of Sampson and Harbor Dr.  We hit them no matter which direction we are going.

Multiple potholes
Two large potholes at the intersection of Cactus Road and Siempre Viva in Otay Mesa.
From my kitchen, I noticed a large pothole (circled) near the busy intersection of 30th and Upas
Pothole around access grate
There are a couple of large potholes on Wing street, between Kenyon Street and Midway Drive.  The potholes affect the lane heading towards Midway Drive.
Pot hole
Pothole in intersection
s/b Ruffner Rd at Ronson -pothole 12/14/2018.
Two potholes:  (A) near roadway center at  intersection (LJ SHores and Biol. Grade), and (B) about 200 ft south of here, in southbound LJ Shores
Pothole in SB LJ Shores Dr. near  location
pothole in  intersection of LJ Shores Dr. and El Paseo Grande
Numerous potholes in left lane on southbound side of Vista Sorrento Pkwy between Sorrento Valley Blvd and Lusk Blvd.
Kearny Villa Rd, between Chesapeake Dr and Clairemont Mesa Blvd. This section of street had a new paving surface put on within the last two years and there are now many many sections of it where the new surface has peeled away, exposing the old underlying surface and creating many rough spots. Whoever did  work used poor materials or poor workmanship, or both.
Sinkhole forming on Harrison near Commercial.
Large pothole at intersection of Twain/Fairmount Ave
Huge pot hole knocked my front end out and blew out my tire on my Mercedes.  If it was a Vespa I was driving it would have thrown me off into traffic. This is dangerous and unacceptable.  My car is AMG and expensive to get work done. This needs to be fixed ASAP. ITS BY PUBLIC BATHROOMS ON HARBOR DRIVE.   I hit a chunk of asphalt and a BIG hole last night coming home from Point Loma to downtown.
Uneven road + large pothole
Pothole
test
POT HOLE AS YOU TURN FROM MIRA MESA SCRIPPS RANCH
Pipe sticking out where neighbors park. Can pop tires. Tire already low and damaged because of the poor street conditions throughout San Diego fix 
POT HOLE IN THE INTERSECTION.
Pipe near stop sign where cars turn sticking out very hazardous
Pothole near intersection of Qualcomm Way and Rio San Diego Drive
Uneven lines potholes all over Ingraham a complete mess
Pot hole approximately 2' in diameter and 4" deep.
On e. Olypic in the middle of the road coming from the 805 towards otay ranch high school in the middle of the road pot hole is right before the high school
Pothole
Pothole is in the right lane, in the intersection on the merge from Linda Vista West to Morena Blvd South.
There is a large area of damaged (broken, lifting & sinking) portion of a small alley on Valemont/Ullman St. San Diego 92106.  Report # 2483555.  After multiple reports made by neighbors, a city street division inspector photographed and evaluated the street one evening recently.  Truck # 207-237.  He indicated that the scope of the work would be more involved than a pothole.  The area would need to be cut, leveled and a new layer of asphalt applied.  He positioned two large orange cones on top of the problem area. The damaged pavement is in front of my garage. Continues to get worse as trash trucks, UPS, FedX and construction trucks and neighbors use  lane to enter and exit. The alley is a dead end street. I'm concerned about property damage to my house and vehicles. Chunks of asphalt piled up in front of my house. Cones must be moved daily to exit/enter my garage. NO street lights on our alley. Cones alone won't prevent an accident. What is status and time frame for repair work?
south bound on sorrento valley blvd at roselle street. right lane at the corner turn, terrible uneven road/pothole-ish
POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION WITH TOWER BUT ON CITY OF SAN DIEGO SIDE HE CHECKED WITH LA MESA
two large potholes in the middle of the street
several potholes in the 6400 block of Akins Ave.
Seminole Dr. 4500 block to 4700 block of Seminole Dr. Really BIG potholes. So many you can't avoid them anymore.
hi, but visited today, the pothole is still there, on balboa right next to tune craft and even predestrians can step in it crossing balboa ave to the del taco shop, i watched a woman almost step in it..imagine crossing on foot at nite and falling...might happen, hope not...plus there is another near the median across from it,...i know after  rain there are allot of them.....keep up good the work elsewhere, but not here.....

Series of very deep potholes all along Silverton Ave between Mira Este Ct and Trade Pl
2 potholes right before bridge
Damaged intersection and pothole
Potholes
Potholes that were recently filled, have once again opened up due to last weeks rain. Several spanning the entire block from Clairemont Mesa Blvd to Joplin St. 92117. Obvious, the material used to fill last time is not a good product. PLEASE FILL, IT'S A HAZARD.
Pothole
Pothole
Several large and deep potholes all in the same spot eastbound on New Salem near corner of Camino Ruiz. Very hard to avoid because there are so many.
AS YOU COMING OUT OF THE BASE TOWARDS THE 15TH UNDER THE WALK WAY BRIDGE 2X4 POTHOLE.  STEVE 858-682-8648
Several large potholes on Morena Blvd S leading up to Garnet/Balboa stop light (near Balboa Ave exit from Morena).
Very large and deep pothole on Mira Mesa Blvd. in the far right lane going east just before the intersection with Camino Ruiz in front of Shell gas station.
Resident indicated that there are several potholes along 37th St. between Franklin Av and Ocean View Bl that need to be filled/repaired.
Residents are concerned about a large 5' x 5' pot hole on the Eastbound lane of Waring Road, between 5500 and 5600. The pot hole was patched last year, but has been sinking along with the rains. Residents are concerned that it will become a sinkhole.
One of multiple in the same section of street
One of multiple in the same section of street
One of multiple in the same section of street
One of multiple in the same section of street
One of multiple in the same section of street
Pothole
Lots of potholes on Main St between I-5 and I-15. Contact is Lincoln at 619-754-0529
On Thursday (01/17/19) @ 20:30, I was traveling WV on Paradise Valley Road in the left lane when what looked like a puddle off water turned out to be a huge pothole caused my left front tire on my car to explode. I ended up having to purchase a new tire on 01/18/19. I would like to know how I get reimbursed for the expense. What information will you need?
Pothole formed after dug up started small now increasing everyday
East bound
Two pot holes (about 30 feet apart) in the Southbound middle lanes of Fairmount Ave. and a pot hole in the Southbound #3 (right lane) on Fairmount Ave. Thank you!
Biggest pothole in the world. My entire tire fits in it. Hoping my wheel isn't damaged but I'll send you the bill if my car is ruined.
Deep pothole 12"x8" northwest on w. Hills pkwy
Potholes all over intersection
Pothole along the gutter at 3444 Midway Dr.
Potholes at intersection
several potholes at  intersection
Potholes on the northwest side of the intersection of Midway Dr and Wing St.
Pothole in the westbound #2 lane across from 3233 Midway Dr.
Pothole in the westbound #2 lane at 3146 Midway Dr.
There are potholes up and down College Ave. from I-8 East to Navajo Rd.
Pothole on the east side of the intersection of 2nd Ave and Elm St.
There are numerous potholes on Navajo Rd. from College Ave. to Jackson Dr.
several potholes at  intersection villa la jolla & la jolla village
Pothole in the northbound #2 lane of West Washington St under Interstate 5.
pothole on regents coming off the 52 off ramp
Pothole in the northbound #1 lane at 5801 Fairmount Ave.
Potholes In eastbound lanes
Potholes on the south side of the intersection of El Cajon Blvd and 37th St.
we have potholes please fix
Potholes in both directions in the 3600 block of Barnett Ave.
Potholes in the westbound #2 lane in the 700 block of Washington St.
Pothole, between left and right northbound lanes.
Potholes in both directions of Taylor St at the I-8 eastbound onramp.
Horrible pothole, gave several people flat tires
There was a water or sewer leak in the street.  Water repair was out on New Years eve digging up the street to fix the leak.  They put a crude asphalt patch over the hole.   is not smooth and needs to be redone correctly.
Your crew did an excellent job on covering the potholes but unfortunately has reappeared because of the recent rains.  What actually needs to be done is repave ELm Avenue between Saturn and 18th Streeet.
Pothole on the south entrance of the 805. Exiting El Cajon BLVD
Large pothole eastbound on Capricorn Way. In front of house with address number 8697.
Medium sized pothole in far right lane of Mission Gorge road, feet before the I-8 West ramp.
Med pothole eastbound N Harbor Dr inside lane as you turn off Nimitz Blvd.  Thank you, David
Med pothole eastbound N Harbor Dr inside lane as you turn off Laning Dr.  Thank you, David
Large pothole northbound Kemper St in street gutter as you cross Midway Dr before firehouse.  Thank you, David
Two potholes on westbound Ingulf between Denver and Chicago. Blew my front tire out.
There is a pothole in the middle of the intersection on Villa La Jolla and La Jolla village drive. When passing the intersection my sport-style 18in wheels couldn?t even pass over the hole without getting a flat tire while driving at the speed limit.
Pothole on northbound side of street
Very large pothole.
Pothole on on the west bound side of Mesa College Dr west of Linda Vista Rd andEast of Ashford
All along Torrey Pines Road, there are endless amounts of pot holes. Please fix them up!
2 potholes in the center of the intersection
2nd request: potholes between 9th and 11th on Broadway going East in the second lane.
2ND REQUEST; 5 POTHOLES NEXT TO EACH OTHER , CAUSED CAR DAMAGE
HUGE pothole on the on ramp to the 94.
The number one and two lanes have numerous pot holes From Doliva Dr. going east bound all the way up to the 805 bridge all sizes.
Report #02486680/SAP Notification No. 040300095889 was erroneously closed. Just drove by it and it wasn't patched. Please refill  pothole. 's in the westbound left through lane of Via de la Valle between the intersection with Southbound I-5 offramp and the first driveway on the right. Closest address would be the Shell Gas Station which is inside San Diego City Limits.
On Jamacha about three feet east of Cardiff St there are three potholes each about a foot from each other, each about 14" across, each about 9 to 12" deep.
Big potholes on Roselle St underneath northbound I5.
Potholes
Please fix a pothole on the LEFT LANE going North below the 8 Freeway. I'll put as many requests as I need to until it's fixed
Numerous potholes between Sundevil Rd and Black Mountain Road. We have been paying extra gas taxes for 1 year 3 months now and streets look worse than ever. Where's the money??
Eastbound Rancho Bernardo Road just west of the I-15 freeway. Again, where are the extra gas taxes we have been paying for 1 year, 3 mos been going? Potholes everywhere for years.
Potholes on Carmel Mountain Road, EAST side of Conference Way. SB1 money??
Street is littered w potholes
number of holes at the stop sign
lots of holes
lots of holes
SB Exit 28 La Jolla Village Dr. This exit has a lot of potholes. Hope  can be fixed soon. Thank you.
When entering back of alley their several big pothole and uneven pavement. If possible can area be repaired soon.
This street is so full of pot holes that it is dangerous to drive on.  has been going on for a long time and needs to be fixed.
Intersection Frazee Rd & Friars Rd. Pathholes both directions.
Heading north on Pomerado Road between Greens East and Grandee Place.  Another on Pomerado Road between Camlito Da La Gallarda nd Grendee Place.
Please fill in to level out

Deep pothole, full of water so you can?t see how deep it is. Flooding appears to be result of a leak. Very violet if you drive over the hole!
Pothole forming inside the "median" of 28th St, immediately south of the intersection with Eastbound SR-94 offramp/onramp.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
There are multiple potholes up and down barnard street that are ruining the alignment of my car.
Big tire eating pot holes in right lane of Scripps Poway Parkway east of Sunshine peak all the way to Pomerado.
Large pothole with water leak in front of Hotel Karlan
Potholes
Potholes
I have a pothole right in front of my drive on a main road.

Behind building pot hole in ally by power pole.
Large potholes and abundance of several potholes on ramp of Friars Rd to Mission Village Dr when travelling west. Blew brand new 3 week old tire here
Deep holes on Kemper street, east intersection
westbd lane, shallow hole, slow lane
Lots of large deep potholes on all of Convoy St starting at Linda Vista heading west. Contact is David at 858-414-2950
Their are potholes everywhere, kids can't play on the street & weeds are literally growing on the street. & the street is literally having holes causing holes, rips on car tires.
Pothole in west corner of Cabot and Miramar. Thank you.








There are about 20 Potholes on  street.  Some are 2 feet long by 1 foot wide and all of them are 1 to 2 inches deep.  The potholes are located on the 4700 block of Seminole Dr.  Between Art Street and  Stanley Ave.  PLEASE send someone out to fix these.  Thank you.
Bad pothole  just South of intersection of Paul Jones  and Morena resulting in significant damage to car. 92117

pothole in alley image attached is a pothole that is uncovered.I included a screenshot of the report in the last email but I will paste it here again for your convenience. states that I initially reported about a pothole, however, it is still uncovered. Please see below?

Two pot holes just before light at Red Cedar Dr.going westbound.
Large, deep pothole near the corner of northbound Morena Blvd and westbound Linda Vista Rd.
Multiple potholes headed south on Radcliffe.  Please fill.
Numerous potholes along Sunset Cliffs Bl from W. Pt Loma Bl for 300 yards north including ever increasing long gashes that need asphalt filling please.
Long gashes/potholes southbound left land needs asphalt filling please !!!
2nd set of potholes/gashes southbound left lane  in  approx location needs asphalt filling please !!!
Pothole at north west corner Napa and Friars Rd needs filling again. Previous fill from 1-2 months ago has completely washed out. Please use tar/asphalt and compact  time please for  extremely busy intersection. Thanks !!!
Large potholes at intersection of Morena Bl northbound at new stop light and just north bound in  approx location needs filling.
Pothole is on the 163 exit for university & sixth west bound parallel to the parking lot on the left side of the road. 's about a foot in diameter about a foot deep.
Numerous pot holes needs filling in  appox location both north bound and southbound lanes Morena Blneeds filling please.
Intersection of Fay Ave and Genter St. East side of the intersection.
Numerous potholes in  approximate location from Balboa Ave to Avila Rd both north and southbound lanes needs asphalt filling please. Thanks !!
Numerous potholes southbound Morena Bl just north of exit to Balboa Ave west needs filling. Thanks !!!
potholes and damage to pavement intersection of Girard Ave and Pearl St. East side in the crosswalk. have seen people trip and fall because of  poorly laid concrete and asphalt. pls fix before someone gets injured. thank you
Several potholes southbound Morena Bl near entrance City San Diego Operations yard both north and south of that entrancs needs new asphalt filling and compaction. Thanks !!!
The pothole is approximately 2' by 6" and 3" deep at the SW corner of Gobat and Lamas.
The south bound lane of Morena Boulevard near the westbound onramp to Balboa has several very severe potholes Jarring and sinking wheels up to the rim. There is also one severe pothole in the north bound lane of Morena between Paul Jones Ave. and Balboa.
Numerous previous requests have gone undone. Please have the City or the contractor who 1-2 years ago installed new water? line and laterals to the businesses along Morena B from just south of Avati Dr to Costco to the North to dig up 95% of the current asphalt pipeline asphalt and laterals and refill/smooth/compact the lumps and depressions so the surface of the cuts are even with the previous existing surface which was smooth and great before the underground construction in ALL LANES of Morena Bl. The current uneven elevations are causing huge speed bumps and are damaging my tires and suspension. Please fix once and for all. Thanks !!!
Numerous potholes west bound W. Pt LOma Bl from Midway Dr to Nimitz Bl  needs filling please. Some are long jagged shapes needs filling, too. Thanks
Numerous round and jagged potholes W. Pt Lome Bl west bound need filling please.
Numerius round and jagged potholes westbound W. Pt Loma Bl needs filling please. Thanks !!!
Numerous round and jagged potholes west bound W. Pt Loma Bl needs filling in  approximate location to Nimitz Bl needs filling please. Thanks !!!
Numerous potholes some jagged in  approx location westbound W. Pt Loma Bl  needs filling please. Thanks !!!
Numerous potholes in  approx location west lanes W. Pt Loma Bl needs filling please.
Multiple pot holes
Several in the intersection
In the intersection
Multiple potholes have developed on Florida St. at El Cajon Blvd. on the south side of the intersection. The potholes are getting larger every day, and are now deep enough to cause significant damage to vehicle wheels and potential injuries to motorcyclists and bicyclists.
Claremont St & Denver St. pothole right in the middle. Thank you.
large pothole in La Jolla Scenitc Dr S, just right before the merge to La Jolla Pkwy.
Potholes everywhere! Please repave
Pothole middle of road on Diane Ave between Clairemont Mesa and Mount Royal about circumference of a tire and 6-8? deep
Large pothole in the left turn lane of eastbound Washington Street, before you turn left to get onto the 163.
Lots of pot holes and dilapidated asphalt. Cross gutter needs repair as well.
Pot hole streak near man hole in middle of intersection.
Large pothole in far right lane of westbound Washington Street, just before Fifth Avenue.
Pothole in outside lane of left turn lane from eastbound I-8 onto northbound Mission Center Rd.
Potholes
The 5000 block of Fir St. up to Euclid Avenue is is unbearable to drive - horrendous uneven pavement.
Ramp from 163 N to 8 E pothole in far left lane on final merge
Potholes
Pothole in Northbound travel lane Morena Blvd @Ticonderoga St., 92117. In addition to  large pothole, area adjacent is sinking into a SINKHOLE. please PATCH entire area. With the amount of truck traffic due to Trolley construction, we are experiencing many potholes on Morena.Heavily traveled lane due to one lane here. THank you.
Potholes
E/B CARMEL VALLEY RD @ INTERSECTION WITH EDGEWOOD BEND
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
multiple pot holes
Many potholes in all lanes from Hawthorne heading towards the airport.
big hold in alley poss sink hole forming
This is a Constant problem! There is always water coming from vegetation nearby. The asphalt needs to be removed and cemented down as like the other side of the street.
Potholes all along Seminole Drive towards from here to clay park.
Potholes
Potholes on the road near house 11168.
Potholes on the road. Eholr street is in a really bad shape and needs resurfacing.
Multiple deep pot holes litter the south side intersection of Florida Street and El Cajon Blvd
Right near driveway
So many, and more to come, but the bigger ones are a problem for our tires... Maybe the street can be repaved at some point.
Train tracks rotted wood and destroyed Street
Basement completely destroyed and train tracks causing car damage under the bridge at Washington Street
potholes are very large and the street ;has become very torn up possibly due to water leak at water meter  the leak continues and has since summer,.2018 I have been in touch with water dept and city.  nothing has been accomplished
2 pot holes! I big and 1 small. The big can do some real damage to a car. There was cones but they keep getting knocked over.
TWO Street pothole right infront of house where tires are getting damaged and rocks fly around
Multiple potholes on the intersection of Villa La Jolla Dr and La Jolla Village Dr
In alley between Ohio & Idaho Sts. Let's repair the alley correctly  time
In alley between Utah & Idaho several locations
From  address all the way up towards  street heading to Lipscomb, there are several potholes. This is the third time I submit and  has not been fixed. I hope it does  time around. What should happen is someone should drive that street and see all the potholes along  drive. Thank for taking time to address .
Dangerous  In alley between Idaho & Utah, let's fix it correctly
Pothole on northbound Bernardo Center Dr in far left lane between the 2 traffic signals after intersection of Bernardo Center Dr and Camino Del Norte
Pothole
Pothole is located on Coronado Ave 92154. Going east it's between Thermal Ave and 18th st on the left hand lane. My passenger tire hits it every time.
Pothole
Water flowing out of pothole for a week and hole is getting bigger. Several cars got flat tires. Cones are not the answer for people to see it . You need flashing light as hole is on a curve. On Peasquitos Drive  by the Karlen hotel in the middle of the street. They have ?fixed??  3 times and every time it gets worse!
Potholes
I already filed a report for the entire northbound El Camino Real Rd (between 56 and Townsgate Dr). Report was #02486752. There are patches of asphalt along part of northbound El Camino Real BUT there are still wide cracks that tires fall into, little holes in the road tires are falling into and a general UNeveness of the road.  is wearing on the suspension of cars to drive on  road, a road where many people do business. The No on 6 ppl promised the extra large gas tax we are paying would take care of terrible roads like . Please repair effectively. You need to have ppl drive it in regular cars perhaps to get an idea of what damage it's doing to suspensions.
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes


Large rut more than a pothole. goes for several feet on mission bay drive north bound.
Big pothole on roadway stretch that connects  Via Capri to La Jolla Parkway (heading towards I-5 south). 's dangerous to drive in  stretch. Please fix promptly!
Pothole
Huge pothole in the center lane
Please redo the street.
Street from Clairemont Mesa all down kleefield is full of potholes..big ones. Please fix
Deep Pot hole by street curb; damaging tires
Multiple potholes need to be filled on main training facilities and surrounding roads

Middle of the street on the ramp to eastbound Torrey Pines
Pothole near intersection
Lots of potholes
REFERRAL FROM WTR DEPT TO RPR SUNKEN ASPHALT  ; REFERENCE W.O #202-127737
Intersection on Lake Murray blvd and Navajo Road. Going west. Large pothole in the middle of intersection.
#3 lane, almost 3 feet wide
POTHOLE N/B 30TH ST
Large pothole on east bound Mira Mesa Blvd just west of Camino Ruiz
There is a large pothole in the road.  is in the middle of the eastbound lanes. There are a few residents that have experienced flat tires due to  pothole.
Large pothole on Linda Vista Rd. Eastbound side. In middle of intersection with northbound Morena Blvd. This had been there over one week. My previous report was closed without it being fixed.
2ND REQUEST:  POTHOLE ST
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
20 large potholes.

Huge pot holes. Busy section.
Pothole, center lane just before train tracks.
There is no one address.  Numerous large cracks and potholes for about 350 feet of the street.  Some are shallow, others about 5" deep. There's are also areas that are webbed with cracks. The street is turning to rubble.  Areas are so big that car and trucks keep dipping into the holes.
Photos for report # 02493235 .
NB left hand, southbound lanes there is a very large pothole
Potholes at Stop #11162 - Midway Dr & Duke (nearside/northbound) in front of Wendy's.  Please have potholes filled. Thank you.
Pothole
Pothole
15-20 potholes in  intersection.
Big Pot hole at 3204 Clairemont dr south bound, you cant miss it
50 Potholes along and on Milton St from Illion st to Garfield st, I have reported  twice before and Im sure your well aware of , But  is ridiculous. Whoever repaved  portion  street did a terrible job. there are at least 50 potholes. the entire stretch of the street and the entire street needs to be repaved and properly.


Huge pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Harbor Dr near Sampson in the vicinity of BAE Systems Ship Repair Facility-pothole hit on 1/6/2019
Pothole
potholes in alley
Asphalt along Euclid Ave. between 1305 South Euclid Ave. to 1386 South Euclid Ave in San Diego needs to be repaved.  I have lived on Euclid Ave for 52 years and  stretch of road is frequently travelled by full  sized commercial trucks which make a tremendous amount of noise due to the uneven pavement.   almost sounds as if there is a sinkhole developing beneath Euclid Ave.  In the beginning of 2018, Euclid Ave was repaved from Division St to Cervantes Ave.; however, repaving should have been extended from Cervantes Ave to Solol Ave along Euclid Ave.

Multiple deep POTHOLES on Avati Dr.  Have been there before most recent rains, but have gotten significantly worse.
E/B BY SHELL GAS STATION CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE
Multiple Deep Potholes.  Hazard to Motorcycles and autos.
Multiple Deep potholes.
Aragon Drive at Celia Vista Drive, eastbound near Southwest Corner, pothole and alligator cracking across the intersection
Pothole in street
Pothole
N./B  POTHOLE PAST ROSE GARDEN BEFORE BUS STOP
i ran over stupid pothole just blew out my tire! been like  for a while ,needs to be fixed asap !!!! what a joke im so upset
Pothole in center of Birchwood Street
Uneven pavement and potholes. Needs filling and resurfacing to make it safe. Someone is going to loose control of their vehicle. This is a second request.
storm drain gutter has a pothole, I have sent 3 messages to curb and sidewalk and they wont fix it. There is a pothole in the first entrance into the gas station from the corner of Clairemont Dr and Clairemont Mesa blvd that has been there for over a year. s hole in the gutter at it causes damage to cars as they go into the gas station. Please fix the hole. Thank you
Four large potholes in northbound lane of Kearny Mesa Road near intersection with Miramar Road
Several potholes on eastbound Scripps Poway Pkwy about 150 yards west of the Angelique intersection.
Multiple potholes on eastbound Scripps Poway Pkwy about 100 yards west of the Angelique intersection.
Multiple potholes on eastbound Scripps Poway Pkwy about 50 yards west of the Angelique intersection.
Numerous large potholes on both Westbound and Eastbound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd. from the Ruffin Rd intersection past 8252 Clairemont (California Bank & Trust). A few of these potholes are in the intersections themselves making driving very difficult and dangerous trying to steer around the deep holes.  I see that some repaving is underway at Clairemont and Ruffin Rd, but PLEASE fill in about 6-12 large holes.  I thank you and my car thanks you.
Potholes, uneven asphalt and exposed covers are extremely dangerous to motorcyclists and ruining cars.
Very deep pothole in the left lane on south Genesee between Genesee Court and Boyd Ave.
Large pothole at least 2 sqft and a few inches deep has formed on the road
Numerous pot holes in  approximate location west bound needs filling please.
Numerous potholes west bound lanes in  approximate location needs filling please.
Numerous potholes west bound left lane where double yellow lines exist just as you enter left turn lanes to Qualcomm Way south needs filling please.
Several deep pot-holes + water leak (south side of ElCajon, corner of Florida).  This problem has been there for weeks.   creates a serious road hazard --unless a vehicle slows down to a crawl, there could be damage to the car; but in slowing down suddenly, high risk of being hit by cars behind trying to cross ElCajon before light changes.
Badly damaged asphalt and large potholes.
Large pothole right lane merging on Morena..  School buses hitting it!   Francis Parker School.
Pot holes all over on Rios road elin between Summerfield Road - Rancho Bernardo Road. The pot holes are filled over and over and fail every time after a few days of filling. REPAVE THE WHOLE ROAD and do it right. This road is used as a short cut to Rancho Bernardo Road and gets a lot of use along with Alondra Drive. Both are in need of repaving. Is  on the agenda? Thanks
Potholes
Two big potholes in the left lane of Convoy going south that goes straight across Clairemont Mesa blvd
pothole at corner of carmel mtn rd and penasquitos
major pot holes on Lake Murray between Lake Arrowhead and Navajo
numerous potholes in all southbound and northbound lanes from Jade Coast drive south to Miramar Road. (Road needs to be repaved)
Pothole
The asphalt is bulging and there are many large, loose rocks around the hole.  is difficult to park over and many vehicles have been damaged as a result of the rising mound.
So bumpy here it might as well be a pothole
Eastbound mm Blvd middle lane. Technically a manhole but same damage as a pothole
Can see here on mm Blvd https://www.google.com/maps/@32.9079601,-117.1684962,3a,50.9y,38.12h,68.48t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1su-tKfh2LZuq53olbbHrNFQ!2e0!7i16384!8i8192
There is a large crack in the street and the street is buckling up. We believe it may be a sinkhole
The entrance to the Golfview Estates complex from Navajo Road has a pothole between the handicapped ramp that the city put in and the entrance to the driveway. I have seen individuals that are walking and running across Navajo Road and the driveway trip and fall in  area. This pothole was repaired once in 2018. However, we were told a crew was returning to cement over the area. No one ever returned.  This is a hazard to the handicapped individuals that are crossing in the area.  I recently had back surgery and I am walking with a cane. I have fallen in  area myself.  A priority needs to be put on  repair before someone has a debilitating accident. Individuals are also incurring damage on thier cars when they drive into the complex from Navajo Road.
Left turn lane on Sorrento Valley Boulevard is a mass it needs to be repaired
N/B POTHOLE
Pothole almost gave me flat tire!
A pothole on the 3900 block of Genesee Ave southbound, just past the the Mt Alifan Dr intersection. This pothole gave me a flat tire. Can you please fix it?


Potholes on the intersection of Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Convoy
The street has depressions and two potholes when travelling southbound. One pothole is at 3544, the other is at 3560.
Very deep sunken road/pothole. Caused damage to my car.
Plenty of potholes along  section of road.  You could get lost in a couple of them
Damaged asphalt and potholes
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes
Badly damaged asphalt
Numerous potholes
Numerous large potholes.  15 year problem.
Large pothole.  Chronic problem at  location for 15 years.

From 805 to Diane ave many potholes heading west.
Holy moly there's a bunch of potholes! Thanks!
Large pot hole created when the city did not complete the handicapped sidewalk ramp correctly. The entrance from Navajo Road which is the city's responsibility has a large pot hole when residence drive into the Golfview Estates complex.  I have seen individuals that are walking and running across Navajo Road trip and fall due to the pothole.  This pothole was repaired with asphalt in 2018. However, we were told a crew would be returning to cement over the asphalt and they never returned.  The asphalt has broken and the pot hole has now gotten bigger. This is a hazard to handicapped individuals crossing the area. I recently had back surgery and I am walking with cane. I have fallen in the area myself. A priority needs to be put on  repair before someone has a debilitating accident.  Individuals are also incurring damages on their cars when they drive into the complex from Navajo Road.
Badly damaged asphalt





Badly damaged asphalt   10 years of companion tabs no repairs.
Large potholes.  50 reports of  same potholes over 5 years.
Badly damaged asphalt in  intersection.
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes for blocks in both directions.






There are about 4 large potholes in  area on Morena in the southbound lane
Pothole
Badly damaged asphalt
2 deep potholes on east bound Genessee
Large deep pothole Where south end of Linda Vista Rd right lane merges onto Morena Bl south bound mostly on Morena Bl south bound left lane needs new compacted asphalt. Thanks !
Large 2 ft pothole
Large pothole at south part of intersection with Leland St. Also please dig up and lay new cracked and crumbled concrete while you're at it.  Thanks
Large pothole in  approximate location between Bob St and Polack St needs filling please. Thanks !
There are more than one potholes at  location on Clairemont Dr on the southbound side,  Dakota there is some at 3204 but there are some before that at 3410 and there are some after it at 3188 on Clairemont dr, THere are 3 different locations in  200 yards of road. Please get all three
POT HOLE IN FRONT OF CLAY ELEMENTARY.
WHOLE RIDDLED WITH POT HOLES.
On the evening of January 25th, 2019 at 8:10pm I was headed south on Convoy Street after exiting the 52 West. I was preparing to make a right turn onto Copley Park Place when I hit  pot hole with the passenger side wheels of my car. There was a significant drop and thunk, causing damage to my tires so that I have to purchase new ones.
Pothole northbound on 30th before Lincoln
Lots of small potholes on surface of Street going in both directions on Kearny Mesa Road between Convoy and Balboa
9116 Three Seasons Road east bound side a deep pothole
pothole. cross st Rachel ave.
POTHOLE
Numerous potholes between Art Street and Austell StreetEnough for 2 tons of material
 least a half dozen potholes in the eastbound lane of Camino Del Rio N., right before Qualcomm Way.
The pavement that was dug up for the water line installation has sunk creating a pothole.
Pothole on Mission Center Road northbound near Mission Center Court intersection
Huge pothole caused our tire to blowout  afternoon! Urgent request.
Pothole on on-ramp to Friars Road eastbound from Mission Center Road
Pothole on east side of street next to High Rose Park
Damaged repair on the road that is getting worse every day.This area flooded recently. The asphalt used to repair it is depressing into the road around the drains.Help
Bad pothole on the merge from aldine drive to fairmount ave expy.  Many of my neighbors have had popped tires from  pothole.  Please fill! Location I pinned is the exact location.
Pothole on off-ramp to 6th Avenue southbound from 163 highway
This Bike Path has NEVER been resurfaced since its construction in the late 1970'S.  s rough surface, foliage, homeless encampments, dumping, and even LANDSLIDES make it a dangerous/liable facility.   needs to be repaved and brought up to todays standards NOW!
SEVERAL POTHOLES. EASTBOUND FRIARS RD RAMP FROM MISSION CENTER RD
Potholes
Pothole on east bound friars road overpass over mission center rd
Pothole
Pothole by median
Pothole in the far right lane leading to the traffic light and freeway.
Really bad road
Really bad potholes on Lake Murray Blvd

Street is falling apart. This is a heavily traveled tourist area and  is what they see. Also I put in a ticket a short while ago, #02494529 and it put 202 c Street, not the Taylor Street off ramp area. Thanks!
Pothole or dip on University Ave going Westbound. 's square shape
Road is beat up. Lots of pot holes and uneven surface. Needs to be re-paved.
Large hazardous pothole in the outer westbound lane
Multiple potholes.
Pothole
Radynoud #1 lane
Moon craters Reported in the past , got worse after the rains, now looks like a third world country road hit by a bomb, we pay our taxes, where is that gas tax for roads,  is not right
right in middle of conrad
Potholes to the side of a 1875 Pentucket Street at the entrance of fir street
Pothole
Between Linda vista & 163 freeway severe potholes
Giant pothole on ramp leading to La Jolla parkway from La Jolla Scenic Drive S.
The contractor that's building a new project tore up the street and then horribly patched the road. With the rain, the pot holes have gotten worse. You're not going to let him leave the road like , are you?
Pot hole
PER PD, HOLE IN THE #2 S/B LANE, 3 FT X 2 FT, 6" DEEP
Large pot hole near rain collection path. On PB drive east
Bad roadwork repair
1' x 2', 8" deep at on ramp from Via Capri to LA Jolla Pkway
Let me know if you need additional information and it's looking bad and it's getting into our garage from the vehicle tires. -Jaime
Part II from one house over...
The large bumps in the street at the SE corner of the intersection of La Jolla Shores Drive and Downwind Way have needed attention for over a decade. Now there are safety cones/posts (see photo) there that simply push cyclists into the travel lane just as the bumps did. Please remove the bumps and the posts, which only help to hide a cyclist from the view of drivers on Downwind Way.
H-U-G-E pothole at  location on Morena Boulevard (at Ticonderoga Street, the address that came up on the map is the closest I could find when moving the red marker).  is nearly impossible to avoid the pothole as it stretches across most of the north bound lane.  VERY DANGEROUS  to motorists, motorcyclists, and bicyclists, with potential to cause damage to life, limb and property.
Pothole in intersection in lane #2 on Linda Vista.
Pothole on eastbound Washington St left turn lane . . . leading to the northbound 163 on ramp.
Pot hole is the #1 lane, right before the left Turning lane.
There is a pot hole in the middle of the road when you merge into the fairmount ave
POTHOLE GOING SOUTH LEFT LANE
Many potholes from Grape Street to Airport Terminal 1
middle of the street
middle of the intersection
Big pot hole just after the stop sign going south on Kansas st
Potholes
Potholes from months to water leakage
pot holes
pot holes
uneven, very bumpy road when making right turn on Roselle after crossing railroad tracks.
Pothole
Pothole


Pothole
CAR DAMAGING POT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE INTERSECTION BY RITE AID .
Multiple large potholes on entrance ramp from Mission Center Road into Friars Road Eastbound.  Please fill potholes as they are destroying rims. Deep and dangerous. Rim damage, suspension damage , motorcycle accident possible.
This stretch of the road needs repairs and is gradually destroying the drive train of my car.
two large potholes on balboa right next to tune craft.........
Particularly deep and nasty pothole just past Carl Jr. sign.  Hard to avoid. Please fix!
shredded street
From Vons to the post office   road is awful. So many potholes and just crumbling in places. 's  been bad for a long time and it's  getting worse.
This section of road (left turn lane to I-8 East from Taylor Road eastbound) is riddled with potholes.  is so bad you have to slow down to 5mph to avoid damage to your car.
Large pothole has opened up again after being patched. Aldine Dr connector to Fairmount northbound.
Please repair all of the potholes on the eastbound lane of Montezuma Rd from Fairmount Ave to Collwood Blvd. reported several times. Several potholes and they keep getting worse
Please repair all of the potholes on the eastbound lane of Montezuma Rd from Fairmount Ave to Collwood Blvd. reported several times. Several potholes and they keep getting worse
Large pothole on connector to I-8 West (from Fairmount Ave north).
Trip hazard. Dangerous for pedestrians
Pothole in lane going north at crosswalk
pothole in intersection, SWB Linda Vista/SEB Napa
Pothole in the westbound #2 lane at 550 Washington St.
pothole is in the left lane if you are driving westward towards Northgate Market.
Big pot hole
There is a pothole at the south leg crosswalk.
Big pothole in the middle lane on 11th Between G St and Market.
A large pothole on the intersection of Camino Ruiz and New Salem st.  that is at least two feet in diameter.  is on the pedestrian cross walk on the library side. Generally   area is water-logged even without rain. This time it was dry. I was going through the traffic light on New Salem and soon after passing the intersection, I felt my car fall and I, perhaps hit the break, but got out of the pothole and it felt different driving my car ever since then. Continuos loud metal griding kind of sound is heard whenever I am driving on a freeway. This needs to be repaired to be permently fixed, not just a temporary fix. I also informed the library staff, hoping they will report with more weight.  Please fix it soon.
Huuuuge bump on the 905-e off ramp to Beyer boulevard.
The road at the end of Washington Street under Pacific Highway bridge and before the stop light still has an old railroad track in it both going down and coming up washington near the MCRD and is completely ruining my car and I'm sure other peoples vehicles who drive that way daily to work and other commutes. The pot holes are crazy and the tracks wood is broken and needs to be removed and paved over ASAP. Washington street at the bottom is completely ruined and needs attention immediately.
My entire street is cracking and potholes that have been fixed are already broken again. Needs serious attention.
Sinkhole forming in roadway! Third one in same area in the last year!! What?s going on with the base material??!!! This is 27th street in the south Bay Area. San Diego 92154! Not 27th street by market!!!!!
Far right lane going north on Fairmount Ave. Between Montezuma Rd and the 8 Freeway. The condition is terrible. Uneven and potholes. Please repair anytime in  decade
East bound lane. In front of address.
Pothole
Several pot holes in the west bound lanes of La Jolla Village at Villa La Jolla
Pothole
There is a huge pothole on the on ramp to fairmount from Aldine... I have another pending request of  dangerous pothole that has been outstanding for 20days. Your constant patching of Aldine and fairmount versus fixing the entire street is mind blowing and probably more costly... additionally the patches that your crews do are always horrible! They are never smooth.  times they put so little asphalt in the hole that the pot hole remain... you need to start doing quality control checks.
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Pot hole in front of the Walker headstart.
Very deep pothole in gutter that crosses Kemper St at Midway.

Large deep pothole between the uhaul and Wendy's.
Four deep potholes as one exits five. One of the four is about forty feet off five
Huge Pothole in the lane closest to sidewalk right at the corner of eastbound Garnet Avenue and Mission Bay Drive.

Potholes and wide cracks that  tires fall into all along westbound Scripps Poway Parkway between Spring Brook and Ivy Hill. Info on prop six campaign promised to to get these fixed and we?ve been paying  extra gas tax money for over one year.
El Cajon Blvd. lane one--EB@ Oregon
Over flow of traffic because of constant construction. All of Ingraham street in PB. Crown Point Drive seems to be permanently shut down and drivers roar through the neighborhood detouring at 40+ mph (it?s 25). All of PB is a waste land of pot holes and delayed road construction.
Large deep pothole at the intersection of Navajo Rd and Lake Murray Bl. Contact is Elen at 919-999-6085
Pot hole, about 24-in long, 18-in wide, and about 8-in deep, in front of above address. Aber St makes a T to Lisann St. Every driver making right turn from Aber to Lisann hits that pot hole, making the hole bigger.
Please fill in 2 deep potholes on Bernardo Center right before turning left on W Bernardo Dr.
Medium-sized pothole
Potholes
ALL the potholes are back after the rain and the entire street is a total mess!
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
The entrance to the Golfview Estates complex from Navajo Road has a pothole between the handicapped ramp that the city put in and the entrance to the driveway. I have seen individuals that are walking and running across Navajo Road and the driveway trip and fall in  area. This pothole was repaired once in 2018. However, we were told a crew was returning to cement over the area. No one ever returned.  This is a hazard to the handicapped individuals that are crossing in the area.  I recently had back surgery and I am walking with a cane. I have fallen in  area myself.  A priority needs to be put on  repair before someone has a debilitating accident. Individuals are also incurring damage on thier cars when they drive into the complex from Navajo Road.From: Ruth McCallan <rmccallan@cox.net> Sent: Saturday, January 26, 2019 6:55 AMTo: TSW Street Service <Street_Service@sandiego.gov>Subject: Re: Get  Done Report 02494052Why was  request closed without anyone looking at it?
Two potholes on either side of alley entrance next to 325 Brookes.
This is a city street. We (Loma Palisades Apartments) have had numerous complaints from our residents in regards to large potholes and patching on the street which makes the street uneven. We are repaving our streets in our community and hoped that Barnard Street would be included from the city. I've attached three pictures from a small sampling of the street; again  is the entire street from Bob Street to Groton Street on both lanes.
3 potholes SB Genesee between Linda Vista Rd & SB 163
The street on 32nd between Lincoln and University is so torn up. Potholes everywhere. Needs to be repaved badly.


There needs to complete asphalt overlay the uneven narrow strips of underground utility lines in the southeast side of  intersection in the crosswalk area which the contractor/City of SD for several years never filled in the asphalt making for a dangerous and bumpy travel over  area. Please have the City or contractor fill in with asphalt so it is even with the existing street surface and COMPACT as well. Thanks !!!
Not sure if I submitted  area before but there are several potholes on Morena Bl right at the exit from Morena Bl south to Balboa Ave west bound. Thanks !
In the sidewalk and adjacent areas  there are numerous potholes/degraded asphalt that make it dangerous to travel  area without damages to tires/could cause accidents unless asphalt is used to smooth  area.   Thanks .




East bound Ronson road at 8205 Ronson Rd
City water department did some work about 2 weeks ago, they did not do a satifactory job of finishing the asphalt.  Who is paying for my front alignment.
Whole street from Gardena to Morena is a mess.  's hard to find a safe area on the street.  Why is  area such a mess?   There is no excuse for the road condition.
MASSIVE pothole on Ulric st about 200 ft before 163 s on ramp. When turning right on Ulric from friars the pothole is a dangerous threat to automobiles and can cause extensive damage.
s hard to miss a pothole in  3 block stretch between Knoxville and Frankfort Street on Gardena Avenue.  We need  fixed
From 163 southbound offramp to 6th ave/university exit. Left lane pothole right after pedestrian bridge and right before going under Washington bridge. 's diameter is bigger than a basket ball and about 6" deep. (Twice as deep as it was last week) FYI  is my second post about it.
Two big potholes right at the exit at La Jolla village drive.  Heading south on 5
15 P0THOLES THAT ARE DEEP N/B ON CAMINO RUIZ BETWEEN MIRAMAR & GOLD COAST (CALLER WOULDNT NARROW DOWN LOCATION)
Basement completely destroyed and train tracks causing car damage under the bridge at Washington Street
From 4800 Milton Street to 4900 Milton Street there are many holes in the pavement.   appears it wasn't properly sealed when it was recently resurfaced.
Huge and wide pothole in left lane on La Jolla Village at Villa La Jolla. Contact is Marilyn at 858-459-9339
Large pothole in curved area from La Jolla scenic drive S onto LJ parkway
pothole front of new life const co
Request for resurface
Double pothole at the intersection of 69th Place and Amherst St.
Very large, deep pothole in left, Southbound lane of Genesse Rd.  (About blew a tire out and broke an axle.). Pls fix. Thks.
Freshly repaired pothole is now much bigger than it was before, sharp edges
Entire section of Alvarado Canyon Rd from the 8 off ramp the middle past the trolley track bridge has huge broken holes in it, from the buses coming and going to the trolley stop all day long. Whole sections dozens of repairs until repaving
Southbound, right hand lane of Fairmount almost directly under the freeway bridge, large squarehole you end up hitting ever time to turn off of 8 West
Large pothole. Eastbound lanes.
Large pothole. Northbound lanes
W/B POTHOLE
Pothole
The is a pothole located on Home Ave cross street is Fairmount Ave. directly in the front entry way of Hollywood Palms Apts.
Highland Valley road under City of San Diego is horrible.  Today, I got flat and destroyed my wheel system & costed me $1,200 for repair. I am requesting a road repair and pay my bill.
Pothole about 24" and about 6" deep.  In front of the breast cancer center on the right side of the street before comerica bank.
One pothole s/b Westonhill south of Hillery where concrete meets asphalt
Two deep potholes. Damaged my car.
Large potholes
Large section of the road badly damaged with numerous potholes.
Potholes
Going north right lane pothole and deep. In front of the Honda
Reporting and complaining about it again. If the contractor did NOT fill in whatever they dug at  intersection in the middle if the intersection MAKE THEM FIX IT CORRECTLY. They left the intersection uneven and bumpy. Almost close to a sunken asphalt patch
Reporting and complaining about it again. POTHOLE ON THE LEFT LANE GOING EAST ON AERO DR
Reporting and complaining about it again. POTHOLE ON THE LEFT LANE GOING NORTH. STUPID contractor that made new residential construction never repaired all the damage they left on COLLEGE AVE
Reporting and complaining about it again. POTHOLE ON THE LEFT LANE GOING NORTH. STUPID contractor that made new residential construction never repaired all the damage they left on COLLEGE AVE
Huge potholes on busy intersection of Grape and Kettner Blvd

In the #1 lane and bike lane too
Collier Ave and Alexia Place road is uneven. Due to the dim street lights, I have twisted my ankle several times due to the uneven surface and numerous potholes.
2 potholes
The #024857411 report they did NOT do the bad part on the top of the hill you NEED to check  out itS a dangerous spot for 3/4 blocks
Pothole on Convoy as you turn right
Potholes
Pothole in northbound lane
Large series of potholes in traffic lanes
In bike lane
Pothole
Pothole in alley
Potholes
Potholes in alley
Potholes
Pothole in alley behind address
Pothole at alley entrance
Midway Drive has many potholes. Hard to drive there. Getting worse all the time. Plse fix Midway Drive already!!
The street at the intersection of Roselle and Sorrento Valley Blvd. seems to be sinking.  There is a large pothole and dip right where you turn right over the railroad tracks heading to the I-5 South onramp.  This dip in the road yesterday (January 28) was so deep that people were stopping to avoid bottoming out their car.  Please have  fixed ASAP before an accident or damage occurs to cars traveling through that area.
Wow  entire Street needs to be repaved
Hard to drive on Midway Dr due to many pots & general deteriorated surface. Plse fix.
Huge fricking pot hole!!!!
Very large pothole on entrance ramp to La Jolla Parkway
street between 3300 and 3449 on Upas Street zip code 92104 there are many big potholes that need filling in.  Impossible to drive around because so many of them.
This is an on going problem that needs a permanent fix, the MPS busses keep tearing itUp.

Potholes
Potholes
There is about 5 inches deep of potholes
There is several potholes in front of building
Big pohole
East bound lane just before the I 805 southbound onramp.
Large pot hole on north bound Park Ave. Across from museums
big p/h ifo address
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Scary big and deep pothole
There is a pothole on the westbound direction of Gold Coast Dr. The pothole is near a bicycle symbol painted on the ground. The pot hole is difficult to see but you can definitely feel it when you drive over it.
Pothole in number 1 Westbound lane of Carmel Mountain Road just east of Rancho Carmel Drive
Northbound Mercury in intersection
POTHOLE  IN FRONT OF THIS ADDRESS
Series of potholes and cracks, dangerous!
POTHOLE
Fill-in work not done properly, creating a pothole.
On ramp pothole(s) Aldine Dr. west bound to Fairmount Ave. north bound.
On ramp pothole(s) Mission Center Rd. south to Friars Road east.
4680, 4671, 4677 Lisann St three potholes
Pothole at bridge/road transition - Mission City Pkwy north bound (south side of bridge), about 100' from Camino del Rio south. Reported via 02485183, that was closed without repair.
Damaged asphalt and potholes
Potholes
Damaged asphalt and potholes.
Huge pothole on Ulric street going north off of Friars Road on the way up the hill heading towards  Fashion Hills Blvd. damaging my tires
Shallow 3-4 inch pothole in front of 3642 las St. Approximately 12 inches in diameter.
Lots of potholes. Contact is Chad at 619-921-5630
p/h problem by the 7-11
Several alignment altering Potholes
I reported  on Saturday and was told that a crew would be there as soon they finished their present job. Well they never showed. The hole is getting bigger and deeper all the time. The trench that was dug for the water lines is sinking and trench is getting dangerous and cause damage to cars and pedestrians.
The entire stretch of Genesee between 163 and Linda Vista Rd needs repaved. The patching of potholes isn?t sufficient and it?s tearing cars apart. When are you going to really fix  situation?!
Mercury St southbound between Vickers and Engineer has many potholes needing repair in  block.
Giant pot hole on 11th between market and G
trench
Pothole
Several large potholes on both sides of traffic on home st.  Potholes are between fairmount and the 94 on ramp
Several large potholes on harbor drive between hawthorn and the airport.
Med pothole on the westbound Airport Terminal Rd off-ramp before the split.  Thank you, David
Several large potholes westbound Midway Dr in the outside lane starting from Wendy's up to Sports Arena Blvd (Jack in the Box).  Thank you, David
Potholes
Med pothole northbound Poinsettia Dr @ Leland St. in street gutter.  Thank you, David
Ok, maintenance was just out here to fix a water leak issue.  They tore up the street to fix, did so, and did a REAL CRAPPY patch job.  's not done, and some my neighbors agree
Multiple potholes along northbound Ulric St.
There is a deep pothole in the number 2 southbound lane of Fairmount Avenue adjacent to the connector to westbound Freeway 8
Big pothole in the middle lane.
POTHOLE ON PARK BL. CAUSED BLOWN TIRE. N/B LANE JUST SOUTH OF ZOO PL.
2 large pot holes at the right turn lane from southbound Sunset Cliffs Bl to westbound  W. Pt Loma Bl needs compacted asphalt filling please !!  Thanks !
Pothole and missing cones in the left turn lane on Washington.
Pot hole SW corner of Ruffnet and Clairemont Dr
Several potholes before Carlton oaks
Potholes
Sidewalk hole. Need to be filled so someone doesn't step in it.
Huge potholes from 6540 to 6527 Eider street. This street is already worn and only one car can pass. These holes are on both sides and difficult to navigate.
WB before freeway is a pothole
Pothole in the right lane of northbound N. Torrey Pines Rd right where the asphalt road surface transitions to concrete road surface. If the City has a hard time locating the precise location, please use  Google maps link. Dropped pinNear Torrey Preserve, San Diego, CAhttps://goo.gl/maps/Htp92AbaAZG2
Pothole/asphalt damage at end of Easton ct right next to driveway to church.
Left turn lane
Mass of 3 foot pothole at the corner of Midway and Kemper Street
The hole is big and wide. Always hitting the bottom of my car and other cars in the neighborhood. 's not only a hole but has bumps too.  is located on the street right in front of my driveway which makes it impossible to avoid.
cracks in asphalt , linear potholes
Bird Rock & La Jolla Hermosa. Pothole in the crosswalk.  Stepped in it on 7/14/2018.
Whole street is damaged asphalt. Rough road. Cannot drive safely.
A constituent reported potholes on the corner of New Salem & Camino Ruiz near the library.
Pothole large
Very large pothole on ramp from Aldine drive to Fairmount Avenue heading north.
A big pothole has developed in the left lane of West bound Carmel Mountain Road.
see report # 02495276. Prior to arriving to inspect the problem and/or make any repairs, contact John Norris, chairman of the Buildings & Grounds Committee, St. James by the sea Episcopal Church, 73 Prospect St., La Jolla, CA 92037, 619-954-9479, or john@delsolcp.com
Potholes in middle Lane past intersection
Sinking second Lane section before Poway border.
The Asphalt at the end of our drive needs repair. Overtime it has created a hole and recently my grandmother had a fall from  hole.
P/H ON SB MORENA AT THE OVERPASS BEFORE BALBOA
Numerous potholes. Road needs re-paving ASAP! My car has bad alignment because of  ongoing issue! Fix NOW
GET IT DONE #022492787 was closed on 1/14/19 and should not have been!  Did anyone read my report of problem?  SINKHOLE EXISTS RIGHT NEXT TO POTHOLE. northbound lane. Pothole was FIXED, SINKHOLE REMAINS UN FIXED AND GETTING LARGER. EVERY DAY. Accident waiting to happen at Morena Blvd at Ticonderoga St. PLEASE FIX SINKHOLE. Your pothole filler crew must be blind not to see .  Thank you.  is adjacent to pothole they fixed on 1/24/19. Send a supervisor to access. Maybe needs major REPAIR.
Numerous potholes. Road needs re-paving ASAP! My car has bad alignment because of  ongoing issue! Fix NOW
Numerous potholes. Road needs re-paving ASAP! My car has bad alignment because of  ongoing issue! Fix NOW
Numerous potholes. Road needs re-paving ASAP! My car has bad alignment because of  ongoing issue! Fix NOW
Numerous potholes. Road needs re-paving ASAP! My car has bad alignment because of  ongoing issue! Fix NOW
Numerous potholes. Road needs re-paving ASAP! My car has bad alignment because of  ongoing issue! Fix NOW
Numerous potholes. Road needs re-paving ASAP! My car has bad alignment because of  ongoing issue! Fix NOW
Numerous potholes. Road needs re-paving ASAP! My car has bad alignment because of  ongoing issue! Fix NOW
Numerous potholes. Road needs re-paving ASAP! My car has bad alignment because of  ongoing issue! Fix NOW
Several huge and deep potholes in the sidewalk area of the north side of the intersection of Kemper St and Midway Dr needs immediate filling please to eliminate severe tire and other vehicle damage. Thanks !!
A couple potholes needs filling in  approximate location in the midle of street/traffic lane southbound. Needs filling please. I may have submitted  request previously. Thanks !!
Series of unfortunate potholes
POTHOLE about 6" deep!
Three potholes in number 2 lane of Westbound Miramar Rd - west of intersection with Camino Ruiz
Pot hole.
POT HOLE
Street left in bad conditions after water repair was made.
POT HOLE
Damaged or bad road work in bike path which can lead to crashes.
The entire street has potholes
several large potholes northbound #1 lane of Camino  Ruiz between Miramar Road and Miralani Drive
LARGE POTHOLE BY ALLEY
Potential sink hole at foot of NMC San Diego exit.  What is status of repairs?  Staff & patients departing btwn 2:30-5 experience 30  minute exit time off base due to lane closure on Florida.  Nothing done since last rain & more expected tomorrow
Please be aware N harbor drive fully of potholes and big deep cracks and it?s getting bigger and bigger every time it rains. The location of the potholes started from W Grape st cross N Harbor Dr all the way to the San Diego international airport
POT HOLES 3-4 OF THEM WOULD LIKE THE REPAIR EXPEDITED.
Major tire killer in left lane coming off of of the 163. 's about 15" across and 2-3" deep!
Entire southbound block is potholes.
Potholes
Potholes at the intersection of New Salem Street and Camino Ruiz in Mira Mesa.
There is a very huge potholes on the corner of Roselle Street and Sorrento Valley Road. I have seen cars merging to the next lane as the traffic is moving and the other car merging onto the opposite of the traffic to avoid car accident. The pothole increased after the last storm. Kindly fix the pothole. Thank you! :)
Pothole
Deep pothole in crosswalk
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT INTERSECTION THAT GO ALL THE WAY TO CARDIFF
POTHOLE BY THE 805 OFF RAMP ON HOME AVE. CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE
The stretch of Carmel Grove Road between Carmel Creek Road & Carmel View Road was recently repaved.  On the Eastbound side of Carmel Grove Road is a brand new pothole right in the middle of the road just before the trafic light.
3 large potholes near exits to Balboa on Morena on southbound lanes. 1 is before the on-ramp where the big white stripe is to stop. 2 are after the light, but before the orange lane change sign. They appear to be approximately 3" deep but are more than 1' wide. They are growing in size possibly due to the trolley construction.  They are apparent in your satellite view.
All of Vivaracho is covered with potholes
Pothole in center of lane heading east
Pothole center of lane heading east
Several Potholes in the asphalt, in Pedestrian crossing, at the northeast corner of Cam. Ruiz and New Salem. Cars are getting banged up.
Many potholes in the asphalt of pedestrian crossing of northeast corner of Cam. Ruiz and New Salem. Poses a hazard to cars and pedestrians.
POTHOLE RIM DAMAGE  W/B HALF A BLOCK WEST OF FORDHAM
1.5 foot wide deep pothole plus 2x4 foot rectangular depression in road bed created when City repaired water leak three years ago and never smoothed over the hole made.  Both create problems since cars must navigate around them and might possibly collide with oncoming traffic
Road work was recently completed on Twin Trails Dr. across from Sundance Elementary School but the road crew left significant potholes on both sides of the street.
Giant pothole in road going into both lanes
Major pothole on the north side of Washington at the intersection with 5th ave
Pot hole and cracks in road.
Pothole in the middle of the westbound lanes at the intersection of Canter Heights Rd and Carmel Mountain Rd
Mutiple potholes in both directions,previously reported but only some were filled
Pothole at beginning of knollwood  road/meadowbrook dr
Humongous pothole
There are several potholes in the eastbound lane of Garnet Ave  at Mission Bay Dr just before the driveway to the 7-Eleven as you are driving east.
Pothole at beginning of black oak road/meadowbrook dr
A series of BIG potholes at Nobel Dr. and La Jolla Village Drwy at the stoplight going west.  These potholes were fixed last year and the year before that - not very well because here they are again. Cars must weave between them - barely missing cars in the next lane and bicycles on the adjacent bike lane.  PLEASE FIX THEM SOON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THANKS.
Please fix the street.
POTHOLES ON KLEEFELD STREET NEAR CLAIREMONT MESA
Deep pothole!
SDG&E replaced a gas line a few months ago and did put some asphalt in, however it was lower than the existing asphalt and has now started breaking apart and dirt is coming out.
Pothole, where asphalt meets concrete bridge. Southbound Regents just south of 52.
From qualcom way,  to access ramp to 8W is full of potholes. Been that way a long timehe
From 6th avenue to onramp 163 N full of potholes
deep hole on west side of eastern N-bound lane of Mercury St. at the 163 South entrance. Probably only affects those turning onto the on ramp from southbound lane of Mercury.  The red marker on the map is accurate but the address your program entered is NOT!
Thousands of cars pass  corner of road leading to interstate 5 each day.    Many cars are having trouble driving over  section which is backing up traffic.  The section of road is completely failing and requires immediate repair.
Eastbound Montezuma causing damage to vehicles, tires, alignments, etc from terrible potholes. Needs to be fixed ASAP.  is had been neglected and is really bad now after rains.
Donald Avenue causing damage to vehicles, tires, alignments, etc from terrible cracking and potholes. Needs to be fixed ASAP.  is had been neglected and is really bad now.
s a pothole. 's on the north side of Broadway approximately around  address. 's a bad pothole, more like a deep bowl, which is what makes it so bad.
Looks like a beginning of sink hole formation.
There is a large pothole at the intersection of south bound Linda Vista Rd. and Morena Blvd.
Various potholes on  street
Pothole in the lane where the street meets the  bridge in the #2 lane
2ND REQUEST: VERY LARGE pothole in left lane of WB Balboa Avenue,  just after you pass over intersection at Clairemont Drive.
HUGE sharp and dangerous pothole here on the Aldine to Fairmount on-ramp, before getting on Fairmount north.
Deep pothole in southbound lane just before ECB.






pothole/section of asphalt  missing along sidewalk for a long stretch.  Has been  way for at least three years





Multiple potholes. Plus the previous potholes that you fixed were don't do poorly that the road is still dangerous and is like driving off road...so your job and do it correctly. fix  road properly!
Potholes
Pothole on westbound Washington at 5th ave intersection.
Potholes
Big hole in driveway to PD Traffic Division
Potholes
Pothole has formed next to the large divot in the road. Center lane of westbound Miramar Rd.
EB 3 potholes in area around intersection, especially at high school entrance
Large pothole about 3 feet by 2 feet.  On Carmel Grove Rd between Carmel View Rd and Carmel Creek Rd. This area was recently repaved and a large chunk seems to have come out. Is dangerous as it is in the middle of the right turn lane.
Very deep pothole (it has been patched many times) and opens up every time it rains. On Navajo Road in middle  (straight) lane traveling westbond.
Pothole in left lane of southbound Normal Street, just before it turns into Washington St.
POTHOLES  UNDER THE BRIDGE

Sabre Springs Parkway was resurfaced a while ago from Poway Road to Evening Creek Drive North but the City has not finished the job from Evening Creek Drive N to Carmel Mtn Road (name changes to Rancho Carmel Drive). This section of the road is getting worse every day and is causing hazardous road conditions due to the many potholes and irregular groves in the payment.  PLEASE FINISH THE ROAD REPAVING!   THANK YOU!
Although San Vicente street is FULL of potholes and cracks, cars drive by speeding. They are not driving the residential speed limit. After the cracks and potholes have been taken care of, some speed bumps would be perfect on that street to prevent accidents. Parents drop off/pick up their kids at Audubon Elementary yet other drivers fly by like it's the freeway.
Street has manhole size potholes
Whole road needs repair. Many potholes
POTHOLE N/B BEFORE MT ALIFAN DR
POTHOLE N/B BEFORE MT ALIFAN DR
Going SOUTH on the far right merge lane. Deep pothole in the middle of the right turn merge lane
Major bumps on offramp
Potholes on curve of road. Difficult to avoid
There are several potholes when you turn right on 22nd street from Broadway.  They have been repaired before but keep reappearing.  I take the street daily and have to weave around them to avoid running over one which could cause car damage.
Pot holes not just at  location but numerous locations throughout San Diego city of San Diego there's so many potholes is ridiculous and then you guys fix treats that don't need to be fixed I have woken a control arm and got damaged rims Behind these bottles that are so deep it's unbelievable I will file a claims report the file claims against the city of San Diego for damages to my vehicle  is unacceptable most of the time when she city workers doing nothing what they should be doing is


pothole larger than 1 ft in diameter, on La Jolla Scenic Drive South, right before it merges with La Jolla Pkwy.
Lots of potholes on the street
Area riddled with pot holes.
Huge pothole on Fairmont Ave. Southbound at the entrance to I-8 west.
Pothole in bike lane on Black Mtn Rd at Hillery Dr about a 1-1/2' wide. Contact is nick at 858-380-8714
Large pothole that is nearly unavoidable when turning left from Linda Vista Rd onto Morena Blvd from the outer lane. Has been there for at least two weeks now. Going to pop someone's tire before long, if it hasn't already...
POTHOLES IN FAST LANE AND MIDDLE LANE DAMAGING VEHICLES. REPORTED FOR CONSTITUENT.
There are several little potholes at the stop sign before turning right onto Taylor Street, just off of the bridge.
pot hole
Potholes
The whole street is pothole ridden
Heading west on Camino Del Norte (past the intersection of Camino Del Norte and  Bernardo Center Dr.) 2/3 of the lanes are unsafe and riddled with potholes. The holes are so bad that they grab control of the vehicles wheels and direct where the vehicle is going rather than the driver.  is about a 1/4 mile stretch of road that is very dangerous to drive because the road is so wrecked. Additionally, SDG&E is currently causing more damage to the road.
WB Cam Del Norte near Bernardo Center Dr is a pothole

Potholes
Pothole at the corner
A lot of pot holes
Northbound North Torrey Pines Road through Torrey Pines Reserve in the right hand lane, my left front tire hit a fairly deep pothole.  Do not know exact location.
P/H IN EB CAUSED TIRE DAMAGE
W/B POTHOLE TIRE DAMAGE
Pot hole on the ground
Large potholes on street
Pothole at light
More potholes on Montezuma in both directions thanks to the storm of 01/31/2019. In fact existing potholes got worse
More potholes on Montezuma in both directions thanks to the storm of 01/31/2019. In fact existing potholes got worse
More potholes on Montezuma in both directions thanks to the storm of 01/31/2019. In fact existing potholes got worse
This street needs to be repaved!
More potholes on Fairmount Ave in both directions from the 8 Freeway all the way to Montezuma Td. thanks to the storm of 01/31/2019. In fact existing potholes got worse. You never fix
More potholes on Fairmount Ave in both directions from the 8 Freeway all the way to Montezuma Td. thanks to the storm of 01/31/2019. In fact existing potholes got worse. You never fix
VERY long lines of VERY wide cracks that tires fall into as drivers drive. Also, circular potholes as well. These are between the I-15 and Bernardo Ctr Dr on Camino del Norte. This is what the extra gas taxes were supposed to go to, but they get superficially repaired with a little patch, allowing the road to remain bumpy, and still bad for our suspensions.
Huge craters where Sorrento Valley Blvd and Roselle Street meet at the I-5 onramp.  HUGE. Pictures cannot be provided due to constant flow of traffic through the intersection.
Various sized pot holes on each side of the underpass coming out of MCRD.
Potholes, rough road northbound Carmel Country, south of Townsgate. Our extra gas taxes should have been going to these issues for over a year now. What's up??
Tons of potholes in  area south bound and a couple northbound
Potholes, wide cracks for tires to fall into; old road ignored for years
This is for potholes on BLACK MTN ROAD-your red map marker will not register Black Mtn Road on  map-it only chooses Deron Ave or Sawtooth Way. Potholes, rough, OLD, IGNORED road on Black Mtn Road. You have waaayyy too much daily traffic on  road to continue to ignore it for all these years. Please repave.
2 large deep potholes between Broadway and E Street going South.
Test, test, please do not send to SAP
Very Poor street repair by water dept after a recent water main problem at  location. Very uneven repair along with several potholes
West bound lane on Washington street right before the light at 5th.
Pothole on southbound Ulric Street right before you pass David Street.

Potholes all along Harbor Drive and worse now because of rain. Angry that I have to drive  every day and embarrassed that  is the road international and national visitors drive from our ports and our airports. A sad disgrace and dangerous!
Edge of street has pot holes. Bad when driving over them. They need to be filled. I have already spent $800 for front end work on my car. I can't afford more repairs.
The streets have a lot of potholes
Pothole near centerline

Pothole did serious damage to my tire and if I hadn?t had a run flat tire that absorbed the damage it would have been much worse damage.
There?s a big pothole  it messed up my tire on my car
Lots of potholes. Northbound Mission Bay Dr  all the way up to Damon St
Pothole
Several Pothole in middle of intersection
two large holes.  One about 16" diameter, 6" deep.  One 24" X 9" X 4" deep
Please send someone that will fix  correctly. I'm baffled at the streets in City Heights. This type of"fix" would never be accepted in the more affluent areas of SD.
Numerous potholes on Glenroy St between Princess View and Lewison, in both lanes.
After paving and rain, pothole is deep now.
More pot holes created from all the rains. Rancho Carmel needs to be redone!
Pothole
Half assed repair a few months ago!! Caving in again!!
Large pothole
Pothole intersection Lake Murray blvd and Navajo road
Huge pothole at entry to La Jolla parkway east from La Jolla scenic drive
CHRONIC POTHOLES and OPEN DITCHES East and West bound on  city street since last year and Still NOT FIXED!What in Hell are you People doing? Why can't you get the streets fixed so I don;t have DAMAGE to my car?($956 so far) Using "Sub-Contractors ois a Waste of time!! Get REAL City Streets Division Employees to Fix El Cajon Blvd! I am So Tired of reporting these Pot Hole/Ditches and nothing is getting done. Now there are Steel Plates in at least 3-4 locations along East Bound El Cajon Blvd where I have to drive daily.I tried to get my damages fixed and all I hear is "Normal wear and tear"....Really? Bull Shitzen !!  People are not stupid and there is a group of other people gathering to get attorney's fro a class action lawsuit. Some of us are professionals, and parents who have to take our children to school everyday.  is UNSAFE to drive through the streets. I think it is totally irresponsible for the City and the mayor to IGNORE San Diegans on basic needs like city streets and safe access.CC/Mayor
Large groove in road, crumbling pavement.
Pothole approx 3? deep 2x3 feet number one south bound lane
Pothole and sinking pavement.
Pothole previously filled in. Has settled and is starting to scuff off.
Pothole and Street cracking, westbound del Cerro Bl just before marne Ave  #2 lane
Pothole in the intersection
New pothole
Potholes - at least 1 dozen of them where the right lane meets the middle lane.

The alley between 9th and 8th ave has many potholes and cracks, becoming damaging to cars that have to drive over it
Pothole near Carls Jr. Contact is James at 619-684-5571
Major pothole between merging into left lane and going straight

Pothole in the middle of the street
FOUR POTHOLES ONE ON EACH CORNER OF INTERSECTION
LARGE POTHOLE ABOUT 3 FT DEEP  CALLER 805-207-8277
POT HOLE AT INTERSECTION
Large pothole ~ 18-24" diameter and 6-10 " deep just south of Linda Vista Road in the fast (left lane ) south bound on Genesee to Roads Div.
Everything north of 101500 Sorrento Valley Rd, on both sides needs to be repaved. Badly. The southbound side in particular needs it real bad.  is absolutely ridiculous how bumpy it is.
Multiple potholes in left lane of westbound Market Street, just before NB I-15 intersection.
Entire block covered in potholes.
There are several potholes on Clairmont Mesa Blvd heading west from the 163 to  overland avenue. Most of these potholes are in the left lane.
Pothole at New Salem and Camino Ruiz
EB 2 potholes
Two huge potholes and lots of cracked pavement on Ganesta Road.
Severe number of potholes on a section of the road.
Potholes all up and down  road.
The whole road here is full of holes. Especially westbound.
"Road needs paving. "
"Angry about street. "
Two to three individual potholes are in the street directly in front of my driveway.    There are numerous others up and down the street as well.
Camino Del Norte is in terrible condition and the potholes are getting worse and there is a raised manhole in the middle of the lane.
West bound lanes are riddles with potholes and large pavement cracks.
deep pot hole
Major damage in road, damaging my vehicles, every time i commute to and from work, which is every day, including saturdays and sundays lately. Please just fill the potholes with asphalt, and then SDGE can complete their pipe work whenever they get around to it.
Was driving, ended up in China
Street is so bad it's turning into a dirt road! Reported  weeks ago still nothing done.
at the corner of ticonderoga & morena, large wide and deep pothole, cust states cars cannot avoid it
Pothole in the middle of the intersection of La Jolla Shores Drive and N. Torrey Pines Road.
Multiple potholes on Poway Road heading west.  Section of the road is between Sabre Springs Parkway and 15 freeway.

Huge pothole. Contact is Rose at 619-961-3670
Very large potholes, eastbound New Salem just past the intersection.
POTHOLE N/B IN FAST LANE
Two very large sunken spots where it appears work was done and the asphalt sunk - a lot



North bound harbor drive at intersection of Hawthorne. Many potholes.
Pothole just before stoplight.
potholes
Pothole
Big pothole has opened up in northbound middle lane.
Roselle street at the 5 North off ramp is turning into gravel. While section needs paving.
Fix pothole please.
Large pothole
Numerous potholes on bridge.  West bound
Hopefully one day you'll fix new potholes here at the intersection with Yerba Santa going east.
4530 Convoy St, San Diego, CA 92111, USA to 4619 Convoy St, San Diego, CA 92111, USA.  Water break on the corner of dagget and convoy please repair and resurface convoy road.
6555 Balboa Ave, San Diego, CA 92111, USA to 4261 Cannington Dr, San Diego, CA 92117, USA multiple potholes in both directions north and south on cannignton please repair and put the street on resurface list.
This morning driving North on Cowley Way I hit a pot hole near the center divine line in front of Apt. 3338. This street is one lane in each direction. I was forced to drive over the pothole  because a pedestrian/driver was entering his parked car at the curb on my right.
There are a couple of good sized potholes around the 8200 block on Clairemont Mesa Blvd, going WEST, near the median. If you go just west of Diaso and Cal Bank and Trust is, you should see them.
Milton Street is a major street of transportation for many people in the Bay Park area between Morena Blvd and Burgener. Since it was last resurfaced uncountable potholes have occurred. There are too many potholes to count and cars cannot avoid them. Why has  happened?  What has caused  problem on Milton Street? Were the repairs made by an incompetent company?  Milton Street should be repaired ASAP before there are accidents due to trying to avoid the potholes. Please address  issue ASAP.
Rough road with wide cracks and potholes between Torrey Ridge Dr and Hartfield Ave on Del Mar Heights Road, some continues on down to Del Mar Highlands strip mall
Huge pothole in the middle of the intersection of La Jolla Village Drive as you turn left onto Villa La Jolla Drive. Please repair.
Linear pothole on westbound Via de la Valle inside the intersection with De la Valle Place.
Large pothole in between Midway and Kemper at the crosswalk.
Giant Pothole needs filling. This section of Grant St. had multiple potholes and degraded asphalt. Please repair  whole section of Grant St. up to Cudahy Pl.
Several in  block, as usual!
Pothole
Multiple small ones
There are several potholes in  area.
Pothole in the southern half of the intersection of Via de la Valle & the Flower Hill Mall Driveway.
there is a huge pothole in the intersection of Washington and 5th avenue. My car has hit that whole many times and I'm assuming many other cars have done the same.
Pothole on eastbound Via de la Valle about 50 feet prior to the intersection with Arroyo Rosita.
After rain
 the intersection of Via La Jolla Dr and the VA Hospital Driveway, northeast corner.  is a deep monster maybe 2' across. Sorry that I couldn't take a photo, I was driving.
Pothole on eastbound Via de la Valle just past the intersection with Caminito Porta Delgada.

Dangerous potholes for cars, pedestrians and bicyclists.
Uneven pavement as making right turn onto Roselle street from Sorrento Valley blvd. cars bottoming out
entire street needs to be resurfaced


Potholes between 38th Street and Central Avenue on Redwood Street



Pothole in the left eastbound lane of Via de la Valle between the intersection of Southbound I-5 offramp and the I-5 overcrossing. Please use the link for a more precise location of  pothole as it's actually a bit east of the address listed in  report. Dropped pinNear Co Hwy S6, Del Mar, CA 92014https://goo.gl/maps/hW2HZNcu3tz
The alley of my address in extreme bad shape. There is about 10 potholes those can do serious damage to cars I'm the voice of my neighbors and my self I had to had my car to be aligned in short period of time apart .I do pay taxes as my neighbors do we only asking attention to  matter.
street is splitting down the middle leaving behind long potholes.
2 depressions in asphalt that have sunk after work done. Getting deep with recent rains


Deep pothole on right side of westbound right lane at intersection of 5th Ave & Washington, 92103  Damaged my vehicle.  I own a small limo company & had a pickup on 4057 1st ave tonight.  The pothole damaged my limo so badly that i could not safely transport passengers and had to call another company to take care of my clients, costing me $360 in lost income, not to mention how much  will cost to fix my limo.

Potholes 25-50 yard in the  second lane from right and the at the intersection.
Potholes in the 50-75 yard in the  second lane from right
Potholes in the right 2 lanes for the next 200 -250 yards towards the airport. Potholes at the intersection  of N HArbor & W Laurel and N Harbor Winship lane.  This section has been reported many times and the number of pothole keeps growing.
2 potholes in the middle of the intersection of La Jolla Village Dr and Villa La Jolla Dr
Deep potholes on 32nd Street, specifically in the driveway portions leaving the North Park CVS parking lot. Damages the wheels and hubcaps. Rain erosion is making the problem worse.
Street needs repair
Road deterioration. Pot holes
South/west direction from Linda Vista onto Morena Blvd, sizeable pothole that you have to swerve to miss.  Catches your tire.
Very large pothole on freeway entrance
POSSIBLE SINKHOLE IN ST. 2-3" SUNKEN IN STREET.
Pot hole & Florida St & El Cajon Blvd.
Deep potholes
Big hole getting La Jolla Parkway entrance to 5 south please fix it I always thinkSome one is going to fall and get stuck there .  Is pretty big
Deep pothole.
Pothole in the road around access hole. Loose asphalt damaging car. Reported last week but was closed almost immediately and not repaired. Just west of corner of Rancho and Cumberland on Cumberland
Pothole
Large pothole on eastbound Capricorn way between Ganesta Rd and Westonhill Dr
 is a giant pothole right outside of the driveway
Large hole in pavement due to rain and cars.
Many Very deep potholes.  Damaged vehicle.  About 100 cars use  alley every day.  Both ends of the alley are riddled with damaging potholes.  Please at least patch.
There is a cluster of potholes on the intersection of 1st ave and laurel st in the Bankers hill/Hillcrest area. What's fascinating is that repairs were done months ago to 1st Ave AROUND these potholes. Not quite sure these weren't fixed as well as it is obviously the part of the street that needed it the most. Thanks you!
Southbound Cactus Road between Airway Road and Siempre Viva Road. Repave the southbound lane. Your department is the worst city department I have ever encountered. For three years I've been telling you  lane must be repaved.
This section of road has many potholes. This is a heavily traveled road and in need of work.
The whole street is full of huge potholes mostly put there by city workers the road is almost impossible to drive down in car without hitting large holes in road
Pothole causing tire punctures
Huge and deep pothole on road that leads up to La Jolla Parkway. Been there for quite some time now.
  very busy intersection on north bound East Morena at the right turn on to Knoxville
several large pot holes in the right hand turn lane. Southbound Park between B and C
Huge pothole on Frazee Rd before Entrance to shopping center - please fill ASAP
Pothole north bound
Multiple Potholes
Multiple potholes
Multiple potholes
road was paved last year but now there is a few potholes in the intersection
coming north  on antigua the left lane and then left turning lane are chewed up and need potholes and lumps form vehicles tearing up the road to be pilled and leveled out.
Huge pothole on Fairmount south under the overpass for the 8 freeway. The pothole is so big it's dangerous and destructive to vehicles.
New pothole. Left side at transition from First St to I-5 South onramp.   This is a HEAVILY USED on ramp.
Very large pothole
Few potholes going East between freeway entrance and red light
Pothole in westbound northern lane of Grand Ave has been growing in size for over a month. Previously reported (#02476481) to Get  Done, and received incorrect response that it had been fixed; I responded that it was never fixed. Pothole  is directly in the area where a tire typically hits the road. Whoever reported it fixed made a mistake, and pothole continues to need repair on  heavily traveled street.
Multiple potholes forming again
The stretch of Harbor Drive between Grape St and the airport has too many potholes to count. I dropped my wife at the airport recently and it felt like Harbor Drive was more of an obstacle course than a road. Apparently a little bit of rain causes all the formerly placed pothole patches to disintegrate. A total repave is really what is needed, any plans in the works? If not, please send out the pothole crew ASAP. And maybe we could find a better quality pothole patch material that does not disintegrate when it gets wet? Thanks in advance for your help. I'm sure it's not your fault our roads are so bad.
Potholes going west on Miramar Rd for the next 2 miles till Production Av on right 2 lanes.
Deep pothole
Two potholes in center of road
Bacon St and Brighton Ave,  intersection is in need of a traffic  circle.
Deep Pothole
The Bicycle Boulevard on Bacon Street, which is the primary gateway to Robb field needs attention.
Many large potholes on Navajo Rd. between College Ave. and Park ridge.
deep pothole
Long stretch of severely degraded asphalt across entire span of street resulting in vehicle damage and safety hazards.
Many large potholes and broken pavement on Golfcrest Dr. between Tuxedo and Mission Gorge Rd.
Pothole and buckled bricks in crosswalk @ Harbor Dr. & First Ave.
4504 50th St alley between 50th and  Winona
Dirt alley needs rocks or gravel.
Linear recurring feature
Hazardous potholes causing Tire Damage, s/bound @ I-8 if possible try to Temporary patch before the rain starts very soon otherwise will get much bigger and will have to wait a couple days, needs at least 4-5 bags of QPR
Very large hole on Blanche St between Tennie St and Sanger Pl. Contact is Martha at 619-836-4292
Horrible potholes
Pothole in the eastbound left lane of Carmel Mountain Rd just east of the intersection with Sorrento Valley Road.
Not sure if that's a pothole or debris piling up next to the median on eastbound Carmel Mountain Rd as the left turn lane opens up for 3990 Carmel Mountain Rd. This is just east of the intersection with Sorrento Valley Road.
Pothole spanning the left turn lane and the left through lane of eastbound Carmel Mountain Rd between Sorrento Valley Road & 3990 Carmel Mountain Road.
Potholes in the WB Sorrento Valley Blvd left turn lane which directs traffic onto southbound Sorento Valley Rd.
POSSIBLE SINKHOLE IN PARKING LOT  OF TORREY VILLA APT
Huge pothole west of Rosecrans and east of Sports Arena Blvd. in the #2 lane heading west. This one needs fixing ASAP or it could seriously damage cars.
Side of road erroded. Very deep pothole preventing driveway use
Pothole in the right southbound lane of Vista Sorrento Pkwy immediately past the intersection with Calle Mar de Mariposa.
deep pothole on Escala Drive southbound approximately 300 feet before the traffic signal at the intersection of Escala and Bernardo Center
The right-hand two lanes of the westbound road has long rows of cracks and holes from old repairs breaking down. I had been riding my motorcycle in the left-most lane but now that has metal plates on it. 's bad for cars too.
large potholes in lanes on Camino Del Norte westbound approximately 300 feet from the Rt 15 overpass to the traffic signal at Paseo Montanoso
The pothole is on La Jolla Scenic Dr. S merging into La Jolla Pkwy (heading 52) 's getting bigger with recent rainfalls.  tached is an image of the area from Google Map.
Pot hole in entrance to naval station
Very large/deep pothole - northbound Frazee just north of friars
Pothole in left lane E St just past 7th Ave
Last Sunday (1/27) I reported a dip in the street that had enlarged during recent rains.  City workers responded and filled it in with asphalt as a temporary measure.  With Thursday's and today's rains, it is sinking again.  A busy street.
Camino Ruiz & New Salem
Potholes getting worse from rain and school buses
a very deep pothole needs repair
Big pothole on off ramp from i5 south. Middle of road, before Date St.
E/b hillery right turn to westonhill where asphalt meets concrete
Multiple pot holes
Center lane
Very large pothole in the right lane on Laurel Street just before State Street. Pothole is so big that cars are coming over to the left lane at the last minute creating another hazard.
Pothole- bottoming out, jaw-dropping, slobber-knocker.
The bicycle lane on the East bound side of Clairemont Mesa Blvd just west of Repecho Dr. is dangerously pitted and rutted.  is not suitable for bicycles or for the cars that are trying to turn onto Repecho Dr.
Pothole on west side of intersection of Scott St and Carleton Ave, Point Loma.  least 15 ft long x 5 ft wide x 2 ft deep. Needs to be repaired. Someone's vehicle likely to be seriously damaged, or accident caused trying to avoid  very deep depression. Please repair as soon as possible.

The top half of Milton street is littered with potholes
Probably the worlds biggest pothole. No joke.
Deep but small pot hole, then a second one after it. Can be found going UP Ulric away from Friars Road
Really bad pothole that's hard to avoid on the curve.
Potholes running the entire length of Hicock St.
Concrete in the alley between Felton St and 33rd is falling appart and creating giant pot holes
PER WATER DEPT PERSONEL, REFER TO STORM WATER TO RAISE 2 MANHOLES. CAN HOLD UNTIL MONDAY
Pot hole getting deeper as trash truck needs to go up alley for disabled woman.  Cars now skid and dip pulling in and out of alley.


Potholes
2'x2' pot hole in middle of intersection with Saturn Blvd
Lid of utility access needs to be elevated
Deep square pothole in northbound lane. Very destructive, and hard to avoid at a confusing intersection.
Ongoing potholes and asphalt devastation.
Large pothole developed after yesterday's storm. In eastbound lane near the median. Driver's-side tires are often hitting it, so it's getting bigger and more likely to cause car damage.
Pothole on the corner of the on ramp.  is getting worse each day due to the rain.

Large pothole in the alley behind the church bldg.
Large pothole
Deep pothole on left lane as you enter 163 exit
Several potholes going North and South from the 1400-2000 block of Ulric Street
West bound Linda Vista Rd. right lane at Morena Blvd.
CUSTOMER REPORTS VERY LARGE HOLE VEHICLE DAMAGE
Large pothole exiting 5 south on front street
The street looks like an alligator! Big chunks are missing and it's been like  for a couple years.
Heading north on Ted Williams just before Shoal Creek, in left lane, HUGE pot holes..!!   Please quickly fix, will break rims !!
Center lane Cardeno heading towards La Jolla Scenic
POTHOLE 100 FT NORTH OF THE 8
Pothole on the corner of Clairemont and Denver. Makes it difficult for  disabled church members to cross street and attend services.
The whole university st. is filled with potholes on both direction of the street.
Pothole in the left turn lane on westbound El Cajon Blvd turning south into Alabama Street. 's been there for a while and is right in the path of your left tires when you turn onto Alabama.
On Morena blvd, where it intersects with Ticonderoga. Very large area that looks like the start of a sinkhole. With the storm that just went through, there is now a very deep pothole in a corner of the larger sunken area.
Deep pot hole in far right of crosswalk as you turn East on Clairemont Dr. as you go North on Denver St.
large potholes in front of both 1714 Bernardo Oaks Dr and 17184 Bernardo Oaks dr
Big pothole
Deep pot hole as you go North on Clairemont Dr.
Deep pot hole in center lane as you drive South on Clairemont Dr.
Deep pot hole  near 3236 Clairemont Dr. as you go South
Several potholes, shattered pavement left lane southbound on Harbor Drive, just past Nimitz and onto bridge
There is a deep pothole in the street in front of my house.   has grown substantially with the recent rains.  As cars drive through the pothole, chunks of asphalt have been breaking off and thrown onto the sidewalk and into my driveway.  I'm concerned that the chunks of asphalt might cause property damage or injury.
large pothole north Morena near intersection with john paul jones
Potholes on 805 N ramp
Lots of potholes along El Camino Real on both north and south lanes
In crosswalk at school on busy governor dr

4 consecutive deep potholes
Large pothole at Linda Vista Road and Goshen Street, in right turn lane
Two potholes in left lane heading north in front of amvets store
ULRIC & Friars rd Intersection is riddled with MULTIPLE POTHOLES at Ulric and Friars rd - cars literally have to swerv into coming traffic to avoid potholes - DISGUSTING that CalTrans who is working right there won't fix it - shameful that Ulric, which was just repaved less than a full year ago is already riddled with new potholes - way to go proving you are WORTHLESS
Have not had any fix after reporting for over a year. 's getting worse!
Right lane eb


Two very large potholes at intersection of Worden and pollack
Intersection before freeway
Multiple potholes in center of road
Potholes throughout street
Dozens of pot holes from Talbot St all the way south to the military base. This whole length of street was recently resurfaced. I would think the paving contractor that did  should be required to make fixes.
Road work was done in EB El Cajon Blvd at 69th and the patch job is terrible. Feels like off-road and need to slow to go over it. If not fixed, could cause car damage or accident when people slow quickly upon approach.
Giant pothole on the off ramp to downtown.
Huge pothole traveling east on home ave right before 805 South on-ramp
Square size, about 10" x 14" and about 11" deep. Right in place for left tires to drive over when exiting the freeway. Probably many cars getting caught in it or swerving to avoid it. Bad pothole. Front St exit, right lane not 2nd St left lane.
Normal and University
Pothole in left lane when driving in direction of Ocean Beach.
Deep pothole/sinkhole right next to a pot hole that was filled. Whey didn't they fill  one too?   Northbound Morena Blvd. at Ticonderoga St.  Your tires hit it every time!
Really deep pothole   Intersection of fashion valley rd and hotel circle north.
PER CHP LARGE POTHOLE ON MISSION GORGE RD 100 FT NORTH OF THE 8 FREEWAY
There are often potholes at  location. Today, there is one about 3.5ft in diameter and about a foot deep.
Very large pot hole about 2' wide and close to a foot deep.  In lane near center divide.
CAR DAMAGING POTHOLE ON GRAND AV IN BETWEEN GRESHAM AND HAINES, 5" DEEP AND 2 FT WIDE
Potholes. Multiple.
GOING S/B NORTH HARBOR DR IN BETWEEN LAUREL ST AND HAWTHORN THERE ARE 10-11 POTHOLES IN THE LANE CLOSEST TO THE CURB
There is a large pothole on the right side of the only driving lane on moreno Blvd. Heading north just before paul Jones dr. My tire was completely blown and rim bent from hitting it.
Several potholes on south lane of Pomerado Rd at intersection with Stone Canyon
Big potholes in west bond balboa ave. Before Mt. ABERNATHY
Deep pothole on northbound Ulric, north of Friars.  In straight (north) lane, just before or even with entrance to 163 S.
Deep pothole southbound Ulric, south of Tait.
Four inches deep, 18" long
This pothole is 2x the size of a punch bowl! There are many others nearby, but  puppy is going to eat someone front end.
There is a pothole at the far side of the right lane outside 550 West Washington, just before Fifth Avenue.  's about 12" wide,
The pothole that was repaired previously has opened up again and it getting very unsafe. Right where most cars turn right onto Roselle Street to take the I-5 south ramp from Sorrento Valley Blvd.
Road is in terrible condition
South side of 4th ave crosswalk front of furniture store
Huge pothole on eastbound lane on garnet/balboa. Incredibly jarring to my small car!!
Incredibly terrible road conditions.
Pavement raveling in right lane on uphill curve. This is minor now but has the potential to become a major safety/liability issue on a high speed curve. Thanks for your prompt attention to .


There is a pothole approximately  30 inches in diameter and. 6 inches deep  on the freeway exit. Front  Street and  civic center
Pothole going west on the oil tankers station entrance/exit
Pot hole
There was a water main fix here several weeks ago.  This....is the fix!  The hole you see is deeper now, after the rain.  The irregular bumps are higher.  's at a main corner and cars literally have to drive in the wrong side of  corner to avoid driving over  bump.  's dangerous - it's at the base of a steep hill where there is a school.  A lot of foot traffic makes it even worse before and after school. This needs to be repaired ASAP and properly.  You cannot Drive I er  huge hole, and large bumps!
Several pot holes next to the concrete section of the road
Pothole
The road along bayside between Laurel St exit and 1100 Hawthorn St on south side (nearest to bay) has a number of potholes that are at a point of road hazards and need immediate attention to repair, not just fill and run that lasts a week or two and then returns!
Four large potholes
A few potholes just west of Chabad in westbound lane.
3 potholes on Pomerado Rd between Carroll Canyon & Avenida Magnifica
entrance of 805
The entire stretch of broadway down to the 94 is littered with potholes.
Pothole on College Mesa just as you approach Berger.Blew out my front driver tire.


Pothole on entrance to 805 off 32nd Street.

Numerous potholes in westbound lanes of Washington Street, just past the SB163 offramp merging point.
numerous potholes
Numerous small potholes in NB lane of Vermont Street, just north of University Ave.
Pothole
Multiple potholes make it dangerous to drive down the street. Fix ASAP.
numerous potholes on Ingraham, from Grand to Sports Arena Blvd
many potholes ? who will fix my car?
Pothole
We have many large potholes that force cars to veer away towards curb and pedestrians.  I could only submit one picture but they are located at intersection on Ranch View Dr.  And Leafwood.  Also, anyone on a bike including the many kids who live on the street have to avoid or risk crashing.  Please fix ASAP.
Potholes at intersection of Lake Mary Boulevard and westbound Navajo Road
Wide potholes on northbound Genesee in the right lane after 52 off ramp
Many large potholes creating danger to cars and children's playing or riding bikes.  Intersection of Leafwood and Ranch View.
SINKHOLE on Morena Blvd at new stop light and Balboa Ave exit. Cars are swerving around it or destroying chassis driving over  deep/wide (5'x5') pothole/sinkhole. 's only getting bigger (and sinking lower) as the weeks pass.
MASSIVE pothole Morena  Blvd going North.  Caused damage to my car.  Please fix  before someone gets injured trying to avoid  HUGE hole!!!!!!
There is a vanishing slope that ends with a very large and deep pothole on the Northbound lane of Morena, at the Paul Jones Ave intersection. The area gradually slopes downward, and the water cover is recessed and jagged. My mother's front passenger tire was completely damaged by the impact on 2/3/19 at appx 12pm. When I returned with her to the pothole at around 1:31pm, someone had placed a traffic cone over it. As I was taking photos, a cyclist stopped and stated he had also hit the pothole earlier that week.
Several bad potholes, eastbound lanes, near center
deep pot hole
While travelling northbound on Ingraham Street, right tires will hit the pothole.
Sink hole in the middle of Monte Verde Drive. This hole is 4-5 inches deep and getting bigger over the past 2 weeks.
This are of  Euclid  needs to be repaired.
Deep pothole on Kearny Mesa Rd north of Clairemont Mesa Blvd. When filled w/ water it looks deceptively shallow but is quite deep. Pothole has been around for a very long time with no maintenance, and the ENTIRE stretch of Kearny Mesa Rd in  area is filled with cracks, potholes, and disintegrating road sides.
Pothole and water seeping up from underneath pavement
This alley is very dangerous. Covered in potholes
LARGE POT HOLE SINCE FRIDAY.  #2 WEST BOUND LANE ABOUT 200? EAST OF THE INTERSECTION OF EL CAMINO REAL & SD RD.  ALSO POT HOLES NORTH-SOUTH ON EL CAMINO REAL NORTH OF DEL MAR HEIGHTS RD AND DERBY DOWNS ROAD.
two large potholes
Pothole in Alley entrance
This pothole (& another further south) could and DID cause tire blowout: In my case, both right tires. Exact location: Southbound Black Mountain Rd, just south of Hillery Dr, between right lane & bike lane: 32.912580, -117.124553
POTHOLE RIGHT IN FRONT OF HOUSE
Huge pothole. Contact is Josephine at 858-405-7219
BAD POTHOLES AT INTERSECTION
LOW POTHOLE ON 11TH, JUST NORTH OF MARKET ST
Medium pot hole against sidewalk
There is a huge and deep pothole on 11th Ave just a few feet north of Market street. This can severely damage the cars/tires. In fact the entire section of 11th Ave from Market to the 5 North ramp needs re-paving. The condition has been getting worse over the years.
Theres a pothole/sunken asphalt area on the west side of the road close to  address. Thanks for checking it out!
Potholes from fairmount to home ave
westbound harbor dr east of LAUREL  #2 LANE, DEEP POTHOLES
Large pothole on westbound side of road, I believe middle lane. Didn?t see it and really hurt when my left side hit it.
Washington St off ramp @ 5 South is BAD!

Potholes and emerging potholes on  segment of road of Fairmount Ave, betwee. Redwood and Maple St. Driving northbound.
side road on 1st to turn onto A St (pothole reappeared after most recent rain)
Need pot holes repaired starting from west end of Eider Street to east Eider street to middle of entire street.
LOTS OF POTHOLES
Deep looking pothole filled with water. Very deceiving to drivers
Existing potholes have become bigger damaging vehicles tires.
Potholes damaging tires. North bound at 4201 Kearny Mesa Rd. Half a block before In & Out. Parallel to 163 FWY south. Reported for constituent R. Kennedy.
Large circular pothole in right lane of westbound Camino Del Rio North, between Camino Del Este and Theater Driveway.
Potholes
Pothole
A pot hole with a big chunk of asphault sitting next to it.
Pothole
The entire street from Mira Mesa blvd, onto Parkdale to Flanders Rd.,  Parkdale is full of holes, cracks and sharp edging that is ripping the tires.   Just before the Elementary School,  at the corner of Flanders and Parkdale,   Jonas Salk Elementary School,  shame on the city of letting  street go so long without being fixed.   Number 2,  at the top of Flanders Place,  a Cul de sac, that's street was repaved last year and now has been ripped by the City,  and  remains in rough stage.
The repair done in response to my pothole report# 02487679 did not hold up and AGAIN THE ROADWAY HAS SUNKEN IN THE MIDDLE OF THIS DAMAGED AREA.    This approx. 5' x 5' needs ANOTHER REPAIR so it will stop being A CONTINUED ROAD HAZARD AGAIN on  high traffic left lane traveling south on Waring Rd.

5 months ago, the subject road was "repaired" between Illion Street and Burgner Blvd.  SO....First rainstorm 3 months ago the road looks similar to what it did before it was repaired.  I put forth a pothole complaint about 6 weeks ago.  I checked on my complaint two weeks ago.  Apparently the complaint was referred to the "paving sub department" for disposition.  I have learned that the city is in dispute with the contractor regarding the previous work.  Meanwhile, the road and those using it suffers further insults. From my perspective, the city should offer the ultimatum either 'fix' the 'repair' or have the city choose another contractor to do the work RIGHT.  As much as my complaint serves my own benefit, it is a matter of principle that America's Finest City proves it EVERY DAY.  I invite a response and more important solving the problem: many holes too little will.  Call me and inform me of the progress.

POTHOLE N/B JUST BEFORE RALPHS
This pothole is directly in front of the post office and between the 2 driveways. 's large & deep enough to swallow an entire tire.
4 FT WIDE 1 FT DEEP POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION OF UNIVERSITY AV & NORMAL ST IN THE RIGHT LANE OF UNIVERSITY GOING E/B
Several huge potholes on  Clairemont Dr. going East and West close to Clairemont Mesa Blvd. They resurfaced the street a few years ago and stopped halfway through before they reached Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Pothole
Two potholes near each other across from 4119 Ibis street

There is a sinking of the asphalt at  spot that needs to be corrected.


Numerous potholes within the number two  westbound lane of North Harbor Drive from the 2300 block west to Laurel Street.

Numerous large (and growing) potholes that are now road hazards, starting on westbound Via de la Valle, just west of Polo Point, and continuing to El Camino Real.


Number 3 lane eastbound North Harbor Drive east of the intersection of Laurel st. Large pot hole
Multiple potholes in the #3 southbound lane of North Harbor Drive between W. Laurel Street and W. Hawthorn St. Have received complaints regarding poor condition of roadway.
3 ft wide pothole about 3 or 4 inches deep. Please fix before someone's tires and suspension are destroyed
Extremely bumpy pavement surface turning onto Roselle St from Sorrento Valley Blvd.



The section of Santo Rd in front of Serra High School is in terrible condition. Previously filled potholes are now craters.
Big and small potholes on Home Ave, between I 805 overpass and Fairmount Ave, along Home Ave.
Numerous potholes and badly damaged asphalt on EB Washington under the 5 freeway.
Pothole on southbound side of the road, at south of the bridge
Deep potholes in both directions in the 2500-2600 block of Genesee Ave. Reported on behalf of constituent M. Moore.
Pothole popped up since all the rain we've had. Thank you for fixing it.
Please fix all the potholes on  street. The recent storms made it worse
Pothole going east close to median divider line. Please repair
If you can please repair all the eastbound potholes on Montezuma going east anytime  century god bless you. About a dozen on both lanes
Please repair pothole here going over both lanes
2 potholes going east on Aero Dr. storms made them worse
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT INTERSECTION AND ON J ST (DIDNT HAVE ADDRESS)
Large series of potholes along south side of El Paso Real.
Number 3 eastbound lane in the intersection of North Harbor Drive and Liberator Way. Large pot hole.
Large area of potholes on El Paso Real
On morena from  Avati to the southbound exit to balboa, TONS OF POTHOLES..also northbound on same street.trucks from train making it a disaster
two potholes exist on the right hand lane of Navajo Rd and before Boulder Lake Street going West.
Potholes
Potholes the size of tires all the way up and down Pomerado Road (potholes are both sides of pomerado rd)
Potholes
There are several pot holes along  stretch of Airway road, starting here and heading west to the intersection of La Media and Airway Road.
Pothole in turn lane of light/intersection of Morena & Knoxville. Pothole in bad spot that forces cars to drive over it and can't be avoided.
POTHOLES N/B RIGHT LANE
W/B AND E/B POTHOLES
POTHOLES
Big pothole on southward direction just before sky park ct intersection.
POTHOLE WITH A WHITE PIPE OR CABLE EXPOSED
Big pothole s/b Linda vista rd & Morena Blvd
There are two potholes on the southbound side of Lake Murray Blvd, the lane closest to the island. One of the potholes is large enough to cause a flat tire.
Hello! A few days ago I was leaving the Central Library's parking lot and right as I was going up the ramp onto 11th, I hit a pothole that appears to be part of a rain gutter without metal a car would normally drive over to prevent the tire from going into the gutter. I wanted to see if I could submit a claim for damages caused to my car, specifically the rear right tire that now needs a replacement wheel bearing.  Please contact me about  issue at your earliest convenience. Thank you!
Pot holes all down midway drive 92110.  Help!
Pothole on the 163 off-ramp southbound University exit in the left lane.
Deep potholes in the intersection of Navajo and Lake Murray. People are swerving to avoid these holes located in the north east 1/4 of the intersection. VERY DANGEROUS!
Big and deep potholes
Left lane pothole bottomed out in my suv couldn't see it at night and weather conditions were bad. After sea world drive outlet but before you get to freeway on ramp
Pothole
Large (2ft+ in circumference, depth unknowns) pothole off First Avenue tamp (off I-5 southbound). Pothole size increasing with recent rain. Thank you.
From Imperial to B street, the whole section is full of potholes and crack outs
Regents road Pothole at the bridge just south of the 52 crossing over Marian Bear Canyon on southbound lane. Rain washed it out
HUGE pothole (2nd one that bottomed out my car just today on San Diego streets) going south toward the 8 entrance. There potholes all over PB. 's embarrassing!
Potholes all up and down Grand and East Mission Bay Drive and Morena. Lots of them in the east crosswalk at Garnet and Mission Bay Drive. I don't see how handicapped people can get around those if they're in a wheelchair.
Clairemont Mesa Blvd, southbound right after 52, before enterance to park
Terrible series of potholes on New Salem St
Antrim Way severely damaged.
Massive potholes. Roads torn with rocks all over. IN FRONT OF A ELEMENTARY SCHOOL!!!
Huge pothole popped my tire! On the south side of bridge just south of 52 freeway on Regents
Horrible potholes on Ingraham out of PB especially close to the Sea World ramp!!!!
FRANKLIN @ 9515295814 POOPED HIS TIRES DUE TO THE POTHOLE. HE MENTIONED THAT TWO OTHER PEOPLE FROM THE SHOP WHERE HE TOOK HIS CAR GOT THE SAME ISSUE FROM THE SAME POTHOLE.
Large pothole on Reagents southbound, right lane, just south of the 52
Deep pothole close to curb and left over survey bolt still in street.
I'm resubmitting issue 02484192 as it was incorrectly referred to the SD County but is covered by the city.There are a large number of huge potholes and gaping cracks in  section of Camino del Norte (from the 15 to 4s ranch). Road is in very bad condition.
Various size potholes in  area
Numerous potholes on Beyer Way from North of Palm Avenue all the way to the Otay River bridge - both directions.
2 potholes exit interstate 5 southbound, exit front st
Massive string of pot holes.
E/B 7800 OTHELLO AVLARGE HOLE BY THE CURB  WITH REBAR STICKING UPPER PD, CALLER SAYS IT DAMAGED VEH
The north end of Limerick Avenue in Clairemont Mesa is in third world condition.  Nothing has been done north of the 'No Outlet' sign for at least 24 years, the length of time I have lived here.  Cars drag race up to the end and when they discover it is a dead end, they try to U-turn and end up ripping up the pavement.  One car even burst both front tires and tore the pavement up with its rims.  's worse than the pictures, my car's alignment can tell the story.
Please patch up  deep MONSTER pothole that just damaged my tire. Thanks.
Massive pothole in southbound lane, flatted my tire :(
Large pot hole that popped my front tire. I couldn't see it as it was dark.
Pothole SWIFTLY forming following recent water pipe repair along sidewalk in front of Colina Park Golf Course. Rain has exasperated  hole, which only began sinking at end of January.
There?s several potholes on Camino Del Norte  on both side of the road
Washington St. exit road off U.S. 5 south - several holes - 1 particularly deep and dangerous
Several deep potholes 3600 block and 3700 block northbound on crown point drive. Probably many more on  street but it was dark tonight and just noticed the several I ran into.
Went into deep pothole on 3500 block Ingraham St sd 92109 Southbound. Driving in traffic at night. Could not stop to take picture.

I am reporting a pothold at the intersection of El Cajon and Texas street I ran over  Pothole on 2/4/19 at approximately 11:15 PM.  busted my fire.
Pot holes on the street
Pothole 805N entrance off Imperial Ave, right lane
Landis Street  from 46th street to Euclid avenue is in dire need of repaving. there are potholes and rough pavement.
Pot hole on north Ulric just before that turn to 163.
Covering for some sort of utility cap wasn't paved enough and with the rain it is turning into more of a pothole.
The entire road between Pacific Highway and Rosecrans on Midway is one big pothole and uneven road.  is in desperate need of repair
DANGEROUS POTHOLE ON THE FAR RIGHT LANE GOING NORTH BETWEEN MONTEZUMA AND THE 8 FREEWAY. REPORTED MANY TIMES AND YOU DONT FIX. POTHOLE COVERS THE ENTIRE FAR RIGHT LANE!! NO WAY TO AVOID IT
4 major potholes 2 feet wide
Pothole
Right before Willow Creek Road.  Heading East on Pomerado
Pothole
Pot holes on both sides going east and west of Genesse toward Linda Vista Rd.
Large and dangerous potholes on fairmount north in the #1lane
X-tra large pothole turning into sinkhole!
Lots pot holes Potomac street 6000 block to 6400 block and paradise valley road from Potomac to worthington I damaged tire on my small car hitting one terrible
I just submitted a pothole that said Paul Jones St. But it's actually on Morena Blvd.  Paul Jones.
Pothole at the corner of Morena & Knoxville (at crosswalk). Deep one.
Large pothole in westbound/northbound lane. Just as you head over the bridge.
Large and deep, approximately 2 foot diameter pothole in southbound lane of Ingram between lamantia and La Cima. Was filled with water, so difficult to judge depth. May have damaged alignment of my car.
Shocking..  another pothole
This is claimed as fixed. Wow.
On ramp to North 5 from Mission Bay Drive, lengthy portion of lane is in terrible condition/potholes
Potholes torn up road totally ignored
There is a huge pothole on the 15 south off ramp to 32nd Street. Just before the stop light, Over the "O".  There seems to be a new pothole here every other week, maybe just repave?
Look! Another torn up road.
I believe the rain may be causing a sinkhole as a "jump" is developing in front of the ESS building in the lane closest to the median right where the trees start going west.
Pothole on Westbound Sea World Drive at Mission Bay Blvd Light, right travel lane.
Pretty large pothole on West side of the Eastern lane of Home Ave for Northbound traffic.
Strip pothole in right travel Lane of westbound Sea World Drive.
Huge pothole, 1 feet deep
Large Pothole and metal utility cover loose in the street, on westbound side of street
Potholes
This pothole has been frequently filled and recurs constantly.  However, there is a large metal roundish cylinder (lying sideways, so the edge is facing up) of about at least 1 ft in length now sticking out of the pothole depression!   is really dangerous looking, for the vehicle that may hit it, and if whatever it is important to the integrity of the street and it gets destroyed by cars.  Please assign priority to look at  pothole!
Deep pot hole
RECENT TRENCH WORK IS NOW EXPOSED. DEEP HOLES ARE GETTING FILLED WITH RAIN/ WATER AND UNSUSPECTING MOTORISTS ARE DRIVING INTO EXPOSED TRENCHES. REPAIRS NEEDED ASAP; WEATHER PERMITTING. BETWEEN NIGEL ST & VESTA ST ON MAIN ST IN BOTH DIRECTIONS. EACH TRENCH IS APPROX A BLOCK FROM THE NEXT FOR ABOUT FIVE BLOCKS.
There are two very large potholes on the I-5 south ramp to Front Street. Cars are traveling at fast speeds and are swerving to avoid these two potholes.
Big uneven surface
Huge potholes on Santo in front of the High School
Very large pothole going south on Ingraham shortly before getting on the 8 (map location may not be exact). Pothole is right where your left tires would be in the lane.
Big deep new pothole in left lane of westbound Eastgate Mall Dr upon entering intersection at Genessee (northbound side)
A large depression has formed in the road. Located in the left most westbound lane of park village rd, just after intersection with Darkwood Rd.
New and enlarging potholes on westbound Pomerado Road just north of intersection with Willow Creek
VERY LARGE pothole, getting bigger by the day, in the WB lane of Balboa just after crossing over Clairemont Drive.  Left lane.  This has been reported before and you said you fixed it, YOU DID NOT.
Pothole is back right turn lane under ramp
The start of a sinkhole looks to be forming in the westbound left lane of Park Village Rd just west of Darkwood.   has gotten much worse in the last 48 hours.
2-5-19.   Lots of pot holes on Mango north of Del Mar Heights Rd.  Both north and south lanes
Several big potholes in the right lane of the I-5 South Front Street exit offramp.  So many that cars were dangerously swerving to avoid them.
Potholes in left and right lane just passed Camino Del Rio
Major multiple potholes on 1-5 exit towards Front St. They're deep and could cause tires to pop.
Pothole at intersection
Pothole about 2 feet across, 1 foot deep
Numerous potholes in the alley between Ohio Street and Illinois Street also known as Grim St alley


About 10 potholes in front of my house getting bigger every day Flying asphalt has hit and dented my car
11  POTHOLES IN THE AREA SOUTH ON HAWTHORN , SE OF HARBOR
Pothole is increasing in size in middle of the westbound lanes right at the intersection
Many potholes
lanes near bay
Extremely large pothole in the north bound lane of Morena Blvd at McGraw st. This hole popped my front right tire last night and did some significant damage.
Multiple vehicles have hit it and it causing damage to vehicles
Multiple potholes in the middle of the intersection of Carmel Mountain Rd. And R. Ocean Air Dr.
Potholes north bound under bridge
s about the size of two feet. Every time when a car drives over it, it throws rocks towards the sidewalk hitting people and cars parked there.  has also cracked one of our windows. There is two pot holes,  is urgent.
There are several large potholes and cracks in the road on the block between Dwight and Landis on 32nd street. My vehicle was damaged by on of the potholes while pulling into the driveway and I tripped on one of potholes while crossing the street.  In 2018 the road was paved between Dwight and Myrtle and between Landis North park way on 32nd street and  block was skipped and no paving.
Huge pothole at Alvarado Canyon and Mission Gorge Pl (in front of Old &t building.

About a 3 ft by 1 ft pothole in left turn lane to 163 north.  Entire asphalt layer is missing
our block is littered with potholes. what is strange, is that blocks on both sides of our block have been fixed, but not ours.  32nd is a fairly busy street too.
Huge pothole on road leading onto La Jolla Parkway
East bound before the split to 5S
potholes everywhere
deep pothole in west bound lane
poothole
pothole

DEEP pothole left (inside) lane on Ingraham south near Sea World Drive ramp. DANGEROUS!!!
Deep sink hole & under minded
Approximately 10 potholes on the El Camino riel between quarter mile drive and Delmar Heights Road in the southbound lane's
Corner of Sunset Cliffs Blvd and w. Pt Loma Blvd . Big potholes on Sunset Cliffs in the southbound lanes leading into OB.
Pothole at the intersection of Draco Road and Gemini Ave.
Several deep potholes along clairemont Mesa boulevard right next to the center divide, westbound side
Entire street of Milton has literally over 100 potholes ... from Burgener blvd to Morena blvd
Over 100 potholes on Milton from Burgener bobs to Morena
Multiple potholes along Adelaide road
Potholes along road
pothole
Westbound on Washington, there is a large pothole in the right hand lane at the stop light. Of Washington & 5th Avenue. s large enough to cause tire damage. 500 Block of Washington. The pothole is parallel with the storm drain.
West bound Balboa at McDonalds. Driveway.
Pothole- getting larger with new rain storms-
Terrible erosion cutting into walking path on Pershing making its way to undermine the road. Needs repair please!
One pothole in number one NB lane of Ingraham at Grand Avenue. (In front of Wendy's)Another pothole in number two northbound lane of Ingraham (inside the intersection with Grand Avenue.)Sunken repair in number two NB lane of Ingraham at Wendy's driveway
Pothole on ramp from I-5 North onto 52 East
Several large potholes in rightmost lane of EB Miramar road - east of intersection with Nobel Dr
JUST EAST OF THE 163 FRREEWAY/BIG P/H VERY DEEP AND HAZARDOUS
BAD POTHOLE GETTING BIGGER AND DEEPER
Large pothole
The northbound section of morena boulevard is riddled with dangerous potholes here. I almost  ran the red light at Avati Drive because I was too busy avoiding them to look up at the light.
Eastbound #1 lane
Big pothole that has been getting worse due to the rain
There are two potholes. One at 2850 and the other at 2876 Monroe Ave. Both are easily visible and are approx. 3 inches deep.
POTHOLE NEAR CHEVERON GAS STATION
POTHOLE
BAD P/H ON BERYL HEADING TO WARDS FOOTHILLS
Multiple large potholes on Ingraham St between La Playa Ave and La Cima Drive heading southbound. 1 is very large and deep. very dangerous.
Pothole
There is a HUGE pothole in the middle lane of 11th avenue, just north of Market Street.  My car literally almost fell INTO the pothole  morning.   is out of control and must be fixed immediately.  I'm a taxpayer and Council District 3 constituent.  Please help!
large potholes
large potholes
REALLY BAD P/HS ALLONG THE STREET. PRETTY MUCH UNDRIVABLE
Right- most, east bound lane
Hazard potholes, Northbound Torrey Pines Rd approx halfway down to the State Beach, large hazardous potholes where asphalt has been placed on top of concrete Street surface
Pothole, southbound
Right near crossing
Pot hole in middle of street on Boise Ave near 4721 Boise Ave.
There is a massive pothole here in a one lane road, I drove through it after a storm about a week ago and it actually popped my front right tire and my rear right tire on my car because there was no way to get out of the way. I will be submitting a claim to the city for payment. Please contact me at 858 922 5999 if you have any questions. Sincerely, Matt Beavers
VERY LARGE AND DEEP POTHOLE IN FRONT OF CONTR SITE
3 FOOT POTHOLE
Large Pot hole on frontage road parallel to Harbor Drive between Hawthorn St. and Grape St.
This looks like a repair was made 2 wiring or something underground. They just didn't make it even and it's quite a drop off. This is on the westbound side of Clairemont Mesa Boulevard at Limerick
Pot holes in the
Deep pothole adjacent to utility trench at southeast corner of Qualcomm Way & Friars Rd. This is a safety hazard for drivers and bicyclists.
This is a city sewer line and a sinkhole/pothole is starting to form. Please see two attached pictures.
Huge pot hole 10 inch deep..put cones in it to alert drivers
Huge multiple pothole at the intersection where the crosswalk is.
There are SEVERAL POTHOLES ON THREE SEASONSONS RD....IMAGES ATTACHER....A DANGER AS MOTORISTS USE THIS ROAD AS A SHORTCUT TO AVOIDS LIGHTS..HAS NEVER BEEN RESERVICED ( I checked on report of overlay City of SD dated 9/18...  it states "Orginal Contsruction"  75/76. I am an original owner....Has never been  re-surficed.....ORIGINAL SURFICE.....HIGHLY TRAVELED BU AUTO's....'s UNSAFE & Looks HORRIBLE...NEEDS ATTENTION ASAP
There are SEVERAL POTHOLES ON THREE SEASONSONS RD....IMAGES ATTACHER....A DANGER AS MOTORISTS USE THIS ROAD AS A SHORTCUT TO AVOIDS LIGHTS..HAS NEVER BEEN RESERVICED ( I checked on report of overlay City of SD dated 9/18...  it states "Orginal Contsruction"  75/76. I am an original owner....Has never been  re-surficed.....ORIGINAL SURFICE.....HIGHLY TRAVELED BU AUTO's....'s UNSAFE & Looks HORRIBLE...NEEDS ATTENTION ASAP
There are a couple of potholes after the rain here.
There are two (2) potholes on northbound West Mission Bay Drive approximately 100' and 200' north of the bridge in the #2 lane.
Potholes
Totally devastated asphalt.  Traffic is stopping trying to find a way to navigate over the damage and through the potholes.
Large potholes
7 large pot holes at the intersection of 36th Street and Market
Numerous potholes and badly damaged asphalt.
Badly damaged asphalt.
pothole e/b at intersection
POTHOLE DID RIM & TIRE DAMAGE , IN FRONT OF THE COLLEGE SOUTH BOUND
Big pothole in left lane of westbound balboa past Clairemont drive
Pretty hard to miss the giant hole in front of the library sign.
Pretty much all of North bound Camino Ruiz from Hydra to Capricorn
All Capricorn from Ganesta to Bootes
Large pothole 3700 block Midway Dr. Contact Jim at 858-682-3452
NORTH OF MARKET
There a big pot hole along with a few other smaller ones off the unamed road the feeds into Pacific Highway
Large pothole at the intersection of Beryl St and Ingraham St. Contact is Jim at 858-682-3452
Large pothole that needs immediate repair.
pothole along the st getting bigger and bigger. 10 all along the address
Entire street- Milton street from top Burgener blvd to bottom Morena blvd has literally over 100 LARGE size potholes ... getting worse after each rain
s smack in the middle of the road
Three large potholes in number two WB lane of Miramar road between Dowdy and Carroll road
Number 2 lane southbound Santo
Number 2 lane southbound Santo
Number 2 lane southbound Santo
Number 2 lane northbound Santo
Deep pothole
Pothole heading north
THIS NEW POTHOLE IS .6 MILES NORTH OF 114780 NORTH TORREY PINES ROAD - ABOUT .1 MILES FROM TORREY PINES STATE BEACH IN THE NORTHBOUND LANE - APPROX 5' IN DIAMETER
several potholes along Fairmont Ave (northbound) between Meade & Twain.
Huge pothole on West bound lane of ECB between Choctaw and Art St.
Northwest corner of intersection
Potholes
A lengthy portion of Garrison Street in Point Loma is in extremely bad condition, with the pavement literally disintegrating in many areas. Garrison is a double yellow line street, the only through street from Chatsworth down to Rosecrans, and a major route to the fishing boat piers. The heavy usage, including a lot of small trucks, has left the pavement in terrible condition. The worst damage is in the long block between Liggett and Clove, but it extends a little further in both directions. We notify the city Street Division regularly about new potholes or large cracks, and get a pretty prompt response, but  is just applying patches to the failing pavement. I know the city has a schedule for repaving streets, but a street that has reached  state of disrepair should become more of a priority. tached is a photo illustrating the condition of the street. I am sending additional photos attached to separate reports due to the size of the files.
This is a continuation of previous report 02502520. See attached photo.
This is a continuation of previous report 02502520. See attached photo.
hole is right in middle of intersection of Cole and COnrad - there is some kind of small capped pipe (around 6 inches in diameter) both the cement and the hot top is breaking up
Small but deep pothole at the intersection of west bound Linda Vista Rd and Southbound Morena Blvd
After road construction on the corner of Roselle and Sorrento Valley there has been incredibly uneven pavement
This is a continuation of previous report 02502520. See attached photo.
Two LARGE (1.5+ ft diameter) potholes in the right lane on Bernardo Center Dr. Going west on Rancho Bernardo Rd turning right onto Bernardo Center Dr. The lane closest to ARCO is where the potholes are.
2 layer deep westbound CMB
This is a continuation of previous report 02502520. See attached photo.
Pothole in the left lane of northbound Sunset Cliffs Blvd, just past West Point Loma Blvd.
Huge potholes and flooding in the east alley behind my house. Backing out of my car port is treacherous on dry days but dangerous in the rain. The flooding is as high as the bottom of my car. I have reported the potholes numerous times but nothing gets done. We have tried gravel but it gets swept away by the heavy traffic of residents who park off the alley. I really need help please. If it matters it might helpful to know I now pay 9000$ a year in property taxes. Can I get  taken care of? 's a safety issue now.
Potholes
Uneven roads in alley behind 4267 Winona Ave. City has previously done street work here
Three giant pot holes on the corner next to Arco gas station.. Corner of RB rd and Bernardo center drive on the side of Arco gas
Address: 11891 Rancho Bernardo Rd, San Diego, CA 92128, USADescription:Three giant pot holes on the corner next to Arco gas station.. Corner of RB rd and Bernardo center drive on the side of Arco gas
Multiple (4 to 6) large potholes in the right lane of southbound North Harbor Drive, in several areas, 1-2 blocks north of Grape Street.
Pothole northbound deep and big
FIND A PERMANENT FIX- This pothole keeps on opening up because someone is using cheap materials or isn't getting the job done correctly. This is the 3rd time  pothole has opened up in the rain without any visible signs until you drive into it and break your entire suspension. This isn't just a pothole. 's a drop off for cars to break and for soon to come legal complications. Please fix ASAP!
Large pot  holes in northbound (downhill) lanes
Ingraham Street, north and south from Crown Point Drive to I-8. Too many potholes to photograph!
Potholes
Potholes from 28th through 29th St. on Valley Pl., San Diego 92113
Massive potholes (2)
Potholes
Potholes
Numerous Potholes
Potholes
Numerous Potholes
HUGE pothole from today's rain. Please hurry
Three giant pothole on corner next to Arco gas station. Corner of Rancho Bernardo Rd and Bernardo Center Drive on the side of the Arco gas station.
Deep pothole. Multiple other potholes on Riviera Drive, especially between Ingraham and La Cima
Giant pothole,  thing could swallow a golf cart!
We have 2 large potholes in the middle of the road on Calle Fortunada that is a safety hazard. Please repair. Thank you
City street entry to wb 8 pothole
Multiple potholes on Ingraham Street especially southbound between north Ingraham Street bridge and ramp to I-8
2-3 foot pothole, undeterminate depth.  Left most lane of the eastbound side on Grand
Multiple large pothole along 37th
Potholes in between lanes
Big pothole
POTHOLE WITH WIRES SHOWING N/B #2 LEFT TURN LANE
HUGE OPENING IN THE RIGHT LANE HEADING SW ON NAVAJO AT THE INTERSECTION OF LAKE MURRAY. ALSO, ANOTHER LARGE POTHOLE IN THE MIDDLE LANE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE INTERSECTION.
Major pothole reappeared at southbound lane Sunset Cliffs Bl at W. Pt Loma Bl north edge of intersection. due to recent rains. Needs permanent waterproof fix please.
SINKHOLE  CALL JAKE WITH STORM WATER BARRICADE & EXTEND NO PKG AT APTS

New potholes
p/h in wb lane/on genesee caused damged
Very large and deep potholes.
Massive pothole when heading east on Washington just before the on-ramp to 163
Potholes, blacktop broken up and cement under is still hold up strong.
Potholes, blacktop broken up and cement under is still hold up strong.
Potholes, blacktop broken up and cement under is still hold up strong.
Potholes, blacktop broken up and cement under is still hold up strong.
Potholes, blacktop broken up and cement under is still hold up strong.
Large pothole number to Lane northbound 12600 block of North Torrey Pines Road
Potholes in the westbound #1 lane at 8757 Rio San Diego Dr.
Pothole in the southbound #3 lane in the 2200 block of Qualcomm Way.
Two large potholes in the #2 lane westbound Navajo Rd at Lake Murray.  The pot holes are approximately 12" x 12" and 4-6 inches deep.  Extreme roadway hazard for flats or accidents from vehicles dodging the potholes.
Large hole on bridge on Mission Bay Dr. Left lane going towards the 8 freeway
Potholes in both directions in the 2100 block of Camino Del Rio North.
3 giant potholes on the off ramp to Front street , right hand lane. There were cars on side of road with damage from potholes @  site.
Potholes in the eastbound #3 lane at 3069 El Cajon Blvd.
Pothole on the southeast side of the intersection of Texas St and El Cajon Blvd.
Large pothole in the southbound #2 lane of Fairmount Ave adjacent to the Interstate 8 westbound onramp.
Potholes in both directions in the 5800 and 5900 blocks of Navajo rd.
Potholes in the eastbound #2 lane in the 6600 block of Navajo Rd.
New patched strip.  Heading south over last bridge  with new pothole
Potholes in both directions in the 5500 and 5600 blocks of College Ave.
Pothole
Pothole in the eastbound #1 lane of Washington St over the Sixth Ave undercrossing.
Large pothole on east out N Harbor dr. before Hawthorne on near where the street curves to the south.
Potholes in front of 2641 Jackson St.
Potholes in both directions in the 3900 block of Morena Blvd.
Potholes in both directions in the 3700 block of Morena Blvd.


Two very large potholes on front street off ramp from 5 south. They are very hard to see however when I drove over them by accident, my car bottomed out pretty bad.
Pothole on Front St exit coming off 5 South just gave me a flat tire.

Deep pothole. Saw a car break down because of it.
Right where you make right turn onto Lisann
Going south on the turn lane. Fix it please
Major pothole in middle of on-ramp onto 52 West from LJ Scenic South.  Could not take photo while driving.
POTHOLE JUST SOUTH OF 52 FWY CAUSED MULT FLAT TIRES.
POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION BLEW OUT TIRE ON MULT CARS

Major Pothole. Bent rim on my Scion XB.
A bunch of potholes. The road is completely uneven .


Pothole near the center of the intersection at Marian Way and Linda Vista Road.
Pothole on northbound Ulric St.
S/B INGRAHAM. POTHOLE DAMAGED SUSPENSION AND KNOCKED HEADLIGHT LOSE.  SOUTH OF DANA LANDING RD.


Repairs were made to underground water pipes by the Department of Water TWO and Wastewater TWO YEARS AGO, but they never replaced the concrete roadway.  (1) Location #1:  in front of 897 Golden Park Avenue  (2)  intersection of Golden Park Avenue and Bangor.  After numerous requests NOTHING has been done.
Two huge potholes in the middle of the intersection of Navajo and Lake Murray Boulevard
Pothole of 6-8 in at corner of Knoxville and West Morena by trailer park across from Armstrong Nursery.

There is a giant pothole in the right lane of the ongoing ramp to 805. There's no way to avoid it.
Customer tripped and fell in alley way behind Vons shopping center. Alley has many potholes and deep cracks that need to be repaired.
Very large and deep pothole, with little visibility at night after rain
Hit  pothole tonight on westbound Mira Mesa Blvd and I have a flat tire. Immediately flat.  it is located in the #1 lane just east of the IHOP in front of the parks building at Mira Mesa park.
The deep pot hole was located at Ranch Bernardo rd and Bernardo ctr  as soon as you make a right turn. Damaged my rims and tires driver side and rear. 's about 5" to 8" deep 16" wide.
The pot hole was deep 5"-8" and 16" wide.  damaged my driver side and rear rims & tires.
The pot hole was deep 5"-8" and 16" wide.  damaged my driver side and rear rims & tires.
The pot hole was deep 5"-8" and 16" wide.  damaged my driver side and rear rims & tires.
The pot hole was deep 5"-8" and 16" wide.  damaged my driver side and rear rims & tires.
The pot hole was deep 5"-8" and 16" wide.  damaged my driver side and rear rims & tires.
Huge pothole about 2ft wide and 3ft across has popped my tire and dented my car's rim along with other cars in the area.




Left lane, Southbound W Mission Bay Dr., just before  the sign for the 8E.
Multiple pot holes

Potholes
Please fix a pothole going south on College Ave on the LEFT LANE opposite  address. Southbound
Please fix a pothole going North on College Ave on the LEFT LANE opposite  address. Northbound
***CORRECTION TO PREVIOUS REQUEST. Please fix a pothole going North on College Ave on the LEFT LANE opposite  address. 's Northbound
Going west on Aero Dr there are a couple of potholes close to  address
2 potholes going east on Aero Dr close to  address
Several potholes on Montezuma Rd going east just after the bridge
Several potholes on Montezuma Rd going east halfway between the bridge and Collwood Blvd
Several potholes on Montezuma Rd going east as you get closer to Collwood Blvd
Large pot hole right on the entrance ramp to the hwy.
The whole intersection heading east is riddled with giant potholes
Need pot hole filled again please
Turquoise between fanuel and Dawes, tons of potholes that need to be filled
Intersection where Knoxville turns into Illion
There are at least three deep potholes on the Front Street Exit as you exit 5 South. If you are in the right lane you can not avoid driving into at least one of them. These potholes are severe enough to damage cars or cause and accident. I would estimate that some of these potholes are 4 inches deep, which is especially significant given the high speed cars are going as they exit the freeway.
A line of potholes on the northbound part of Carmel Valley Road just north of Edgewood Bend Ct. This area of Carmel Valley Road was just done!! I believe it was done by a subcontractor for a utility. Whomever it was did a shotty job, and it is unacceptable if utility payers or taxpayers are paying for .  has not even been 3/4 of year that that general area of CV Road was paved. There has got to be some checks and balances for these kinds of things.
MANY potholes on Mission Bay Drive, just south of the Mission Bay/Balboa Ave intersection. Again, why are people like me having to put these requests in? There should be millions of $$s rolling in from all the gas taxes we have paid and then were gouged again over a year ago....where's it all going?? And why aren't crews attacking these issues w/out the public putting in requests? The roads look worse than ever everywhere in the city I go. Trash all over the freeways too. I never see Caltrans ppl working unless they have the DUI crew. Do those guys actually work?
Potholes
Potholes
Three in a row. Central lane
Severely Uneven Pavement / Pothole
200 feet of undriveable and unsafe driving due to massive pithole
Huge pothole
Westbound center lane of Harbor Drive has 5 LARGE potholes causing drivers to swerve - no way to miss them.   is very dangerous.   has been like  for a week.  I can't take pictures while driving and nowhere to park and stand to photograph safely.
BIG potholes in west bound middle lane.
There is a very large pothole in the middle of the intersection of Lake Murray Blvd and Navajo.
There are two potholes in  area.  Thank you!
There are multiple potholes on Lake Murray Blvd. They can be found towards the median on the same side of the road as Albertson's.  looks like one may have previously been filled, but is no longer.
deep hole at the entrance to gas station
Massive pothole
large number of hole, deep holes
Many potholes in the Muni Gym roadways and parking lot

hole at the corner on Sports Arena Bl

large number of holes westbd lane Sports Arena Bl
Some entity trenched  long gap on Torrey Pines Road and never filled it back in the asphalt.  A motorcycle, moped or cyclist is going to soon get killed because of  large gaping trench hole on one of the busiest streets in San Diego...corner of Prospect and Torrey Pines Road In La Jolla.
Potholes
Badly damaged asphalt and potholes near the crosswalk area.  Reported more than 30 times over the past 10 years.
s on Lehrer Drive (roughly 4570), between Constitution Road and Rebel Road. Deep and wide enough that someone put a traffic cone in it to warn people.
There is a huge pothole in the center lane on 11th going north downtown
A couple of bad potholes right in the intersection of Columbia and Ash
Multiple deep and wode
Large rectangular area in the road continues to sink and cause damage to vehicles.  Two similar sunken areas are on  block of 1st on the west side of the street.
Deep pothole northbound on montongo st near center of Street between gaylen rd and Goleta rd
@ El Cajon Blvd

2 Potholes in northbound Sunset Cliffs Blvd. at intersection of West Point Loma Blvd. by gas station. Also, sections of degraded asphalt in same location need removal and replacement.
Pot hole, left lane of Miramar road going west, between whykes furniture and the Miramar metroplex
Potholes
Large Pothole on southbound Sunset Cliffs Blvd. w/ cross of West Point Loma Blvd. intersection. This whole intersection is degraded and needs multiple potholes filled and degraded asphalt replaced.
Westbound balboa middle lane in front of car wash big pothole
Big hole in the middle of intersections
2 huge potholes on Via de La Valle westbound making traffic swive between El Camino Real and Polo point. Via de la Valle is in horrible condition with cracks, grooves, bumps and potholes between San Andres Dr and Cancha de Golf.  needs to be repaved.  is dangerous.
On  block, there are approximately 20 potholes! Also the block towards Limmerick also has potholes.
There continues to be potholes in  intersection.
Large pothole at s.e intersection of park blvd and Meade ave.
Missing metal cover in new road
@ El Cajon Blvd
Numerous potholes in the right lane of University (eastbound)
Deep hole forming in trench work. Damaging multiple vehicles. Please repair asap (weather permitting.) Report for constituent J. Marek.
Last night around 6:20 PM, Myself and two other people got a flat tire in a span of 15-20 mins from a pot hole near the Arco AM/PM gas station at Bernardo Center Drive and Rancho Bernardo Road. My car received two flat tires on the drivers side. The gentleman in the truck received one flat tire and the other woman received two flat tires.
Potholes on Genesee Ave near Genesee Ct.
On Home avenue eastbound directly in front of 4225 Home ave.  There is one very large hole and several smaller ones.
@ Utah
Potholes on Balboa Ave (both sides) between Mt Abernathy and Charger Blvd.
Huge, deep pothole on Washington in left turn land to onramp to the 163
Lots of potholes on Princess View
Potholes and lots of Street cracking throughout  block between marne Ave and College Ave
Potholes getting onto Waring from freeway going up hill
Pothole
Large pothole previously reported and getting larger
Just past the chevron gas station on both side of the frontage road before the light at In and Out Burger there are several large potholes.
There are numerous pot holes at the traffic light at Canyon Crest and College Ave. as you leave the SDSU campus heading east.  There are also numerous potholes  on College ave as you head east towards Del Cerro Blvd in both directions on College Ave.
Intersection of La Jolla Village and Villa La has bad potholes, particularly when going south from the light at Villa La Jolla
Pothole at the entrance of the freeway, is about 3.5" deep, straigth fall. Big issue for cars, bikes and bicicle, everyone lower their speed at about 5mph or less to pass it so is a good thing lol, but needs to be fixed.
Three giant pot holes on the corner next to Arco gas station.. Corner of RB rd and Bernardo center drive on the side of Arco gas. Conatct is Harold Brower (954) 801-0188
West bound number 1 lane.  Just west of Convoy St. on Clairemont Mesa Blvd.  This is the approximate location, it happened so quickly it was hard to pinpoint the location.  Did not go back to find the pothole.  Hit pothole and blew out right front tire on our vehicle.  Approximately 10 am today, Wednesday, Feb 6.
Pothole recent repair failed.

Very large pothole with debris

2'x2' pot hole in #2 lane E/B 2255 Palm Ave (South Bay) in front of the ARCO AM/PM station. Hazard to motorcycles.
POTHOLE GETTING BIGGER
Pothole
Several potholes on westbound Roselle after 5 offramp.
2ft by 2 ft pothole in #1 wb lane
Pot hole
4 different pot holes in  lane
Several pot holes in  lane. Please fill all.
The potholes have existed since early October and have gotten progressively worse with the recent rain.  Due to the high volume of traffic, I am unable to provide pictures.  This stretch of road is the main entrance and exit to the San Diego International Airport, Harbor Island and leading to Point Loma.
An already deep pothole is growing wider, and is near impossible to avoid. 's especially dangerous considering that iit's an onramp, and motorists are accelerating on that strip of road.
Pothole on Mulvaney Drive at intersection of Lake Murray Blvd. (West side) Located at edge of cement strip at stop sign.
POTHOLE IS GETTING BIGGER

Pot hole on corner
Pothole
Series of potholes: at least 6 in a row
Large pothole and crack system emanating from it. Located at the intersection of Clay Ave and 30th Street.
There is a pot hole is near the corner of the 52 freeway exit and regents road headed towards clairemont mesa blvd.

Pothole on north bound Sunset Cliffs next to Chris' Liquor & Deli / in front of driveway to an alley. Approx 2 car lengths from West Point Loma Blvd.  The pothole is damaging vehicles right before dip at crosswalk. Reported for constituent N. Torres.
POTHOLE GETTING BIGGER, AREA SINKING
POTHOLES AT THIS INTERSECTION
There is a wide, possibly double pothole on Genesee northbound.  is after the 52 right before the Marion Bear canyon entrance
Pothole
Several potholes along Date St from Dale to Granada. Please fix!
Multiple potholes along Harbor Dr leaving T2 and heading towards Grape St. please fix!
Northbound and southbound Britannia Blvd at the intersection of Airway Road, there are many dangerously deep potholes. Fix them correctly  time so the asphalt doesn't disintegrate after 2 months.
Potholes both directions
Horrible potholes on friars under the 5...where the curve is setup around the construction.
Big pothole on Convoy
Numerous potholes
Huge pothole in the middle lane on Westbound Miramar Road between Carroll Road and Dowdy Drive.
POTHOLE
Report #02488958 was reported closed . . . . But the potholes have not been filled.  Please fill the 4-8 potholes between Fashion Hills Blvd & David St that are on the east side of Ulric St in the northbound direction.
On the night of February 5th I was taking the on ramp onto W Mission Bay Dr (to head southeast on W Mission Bay Dr) from Sea World Drive when I hit a good size pothole right at the end of the on ramp. The pothole blew my tire but I was able to pull over. This is a major road hazard and needs to be fixed as soon as possible if it hasn't already been repaired.

Potholes and badly damaged asphalt in left turn lane to 163.
Massive deep pothole that destroyed my tire, causing me to need to buy 2 new tires & an alignment.
Pothole
If you guys were fixing roads the right way there wouldn't be no potholes anyways there's like a huge potholes on the corner of Auburn and Pettit Street also there's potholes on the corner of Markham and Linda Vista Road and there's some on Balboa by Target
Getting larger and more deep daily.
Pothole on westbound lane of Carmel Mountain Rd at intersection with Canter Heights Dr
Multiple potholes on Genessee Road getting off from southbound 163 and before hitting Linda Vista Road
Poor road quality on Harbor Drive. Many large potholes.
Terrible potholes. - damages my wheels!
There is a very large and deep pothole in the southbound lane of Roselle St.
LARGE P/HS IN THE LEFT NB LANE ON CAM RUIZ BETWEEN ACTIVITY AND MARILANI
POTHOLES AT INTERSECTION
Very large potholes on route to and from airport.  This is a congested route and having to change lanes to avoid the potholes poses a risk to auto collisions.
Pot hole with cone in hole
The entire 4700 block of Mansfield St is in poor condition, and even worse now after water main break and ongoing repairs. Also the alley between Hawley and Mansfield When will they be scheduled for repaving?  patches are not going to help it is in such bad condition.
The entire block of Elm Avenue, from 18th Street to Saturn Boulevard is completely filled with potholes. Please help!
Huge pot hole in road damaged my front bumper on vehicle
Pot hole in middle of street, gotten much worse since rain.
Pothole in front of the ARCO station
Pothole going north at the middle of the intersection
Several potholes here in both directions. Block is not in good shape
Potholes
VERY LARGE P/H HAZARD ON VIA CAPRI PER PD
3 massive potholes just south of Del Mar Heights Rd on Mango Dr. Contact is Nino at 858-212-4990
Large potholes need fixing !!!
Big, deep pothole in the right turn lane near the Chevron on College Ave. Cars swerving to avoid! On Northbound side of College Blvd., a few dozen feet before corner at Del Cerro Blvd.
#2 lane westbound clairemont mesa blvd
Huge pothole on a dangerous grade roadway.
#2 lane westbound clairemont mesa blvd
Pot hole in the middle of the intersection
POTHOLE W/B AND E/B
A large area in the street has been cracked for years has gotten worse & has sunk substantially in the last week. I am concerned  my become a sink hole. This is in front of my driveway in a cul de sac at 11914 Handrich Court San Diego 92131
Large pot holes covering the ground making it hard to avoid and damaging tires
MULTIPLE LARGE POTHOLES, 8-10
BAD P/H BETWEEN BALBOA AND AERO DR
Several potholes, 5-6, with about 10-20 inches diameter each, northbound/ up hill lane.
Construction trucks from Riverview Village homes site at the end of Wembley Street have been causing damage and creating a mess to the street around the intersection of Fontaine St. and Keighley St. Requires clean up.
POTHOLE IN N/B COLLEGE AVE IN RIGHT LANE GOING TOWARDS DEL CERRO BLVD, NEAR CHEVRON GAS STATION
Potholes on entire street.
Our street is full of pot holes.  is a very busy street due to the high traffic on Mira Mesa Blvd.. ?s used as a cut through for people who live in north of Mira Mesa.
4 or 5 potholes in a row at westbound Balboa left lane.
Pot hole at two locations: 32nd and C street & 33rd and C street
In left lane eastbound
Big pothole on the off ramp of 8
Insane potholes have turned  intersection into a concrete safari, destroying any who take it above a crawl. Additionally the lane markers have completely eroded causing extremely unsafe merging of three lanes and many accidents
Potholes
Deep pothole and numerous others on exit ramp from south I5 at La Jolla Village Drive exit.
Pothole at westbound Genesee
Pothole
several deep potholes on Moraga s/b at Balboa Av..witnessed a motorcycle tip over as rider hit hole by mistake
the entire block starting at 18 and Elm street to Saturn Blvd in south San Diego 92145. Needs immediate action,  area has been in dis repair for an excessive amount of time
Deep potholes right edge of southbound right lane, south of Mt. Alifan Drive to  Boyd.
Giant pothole on westbound side of intersection of Diane and Clairemont Mesa Blvd
From bottom of hill on Washington Street at railroad tracks by MCRD all the way up to the split to University Avenue.  Then continues onto University Avenue to just past Brant Street.
ACCIDENT DEBRI IN ST WITH GLASS
Potholes start from Pacific Highway exit onto Barnette Ave to Midway. All the way down Midway Past Michaels  to Rosecrans.
Big pothole, reopened from rain.  Ramp onto SB Fairmount from Aldine (Talmadge side), almost immediately after leaving Aldine
A second big pothole, but very far up the Fairmount on-ramp from Aldine, almost where it merges with Fairmount.
Big pothole at the intersection of Woodlawn Dr and Londonderry Ave
Potholes in the middle of Flanders and Greenford Drive intersection
Potholes galore when driving westbound on Genesee after 163 exit going up past Richland and before Linda Vista Rd.
El Camino Real between Del Mar heights and derby downs has numerous big potholes

Multiple potholes causing rocky ground all over the intersection - mostly around newly sealed areas from recent construction
waring road pothole large with water coming through on road opposite tennis court heading up waring road from adobe falls road. turn right at traffic lights.
 9PM on Tuesday, February 5th, my car crossed a trench that was dug in the street by a construction crew. The right lane was blocked with cones, but the trench crossed the remaining open lanes.  The trench was approximately 3 feet wide and 5 inches deep.  My car was moving about 25 MPH, and the trench was so deep with sharp edges that my car bounced and the tire split.  The car behind me also bounced hard through the trench and stopped quickly.  The trench was left in a dangerous condition by the construction crews and cars should not have been allowed to cross it.  I had to replace the tire on my car for $348.  During lunch of the following day, I took the attached picture.  Someone filled the trench with asphalt, so the condition is better than when my car struck the trench, although it still looks dangerous to me.   How can I submit a complaint and request reimbursement for the $348 damage to my vehicle?
Potholes in the eastbound #2 lane in the 600 block of Camino De La Reina.
Large deep pothole
There are two large potholes at the stop light going east on Canyon Crest Drive across College avenue. These largely appeared after the recent rain storms. Many students and Faculty are on  road and if it doesn't get fixed soon, it is just going to get worse.

Bad pothole in Eastbound lane of Home Ave.
Eastbound Balboa number 1 lane at intersection of Shopping Center Drwy. Very large and deep. Unsafe.
Westbound Balboa number 1 lane west of Shopping Center Drwy east of Genessee. Deep and unsafe.
Whole road is riddled with pot holes after pipeline construction
Pothole in southbound lane of Kearny Mesa Rd at Othello Ave
Large potholes on left turn from frost to health center drive
 the intersection of Texas St. And Camino Del Rio South on the south side of the intersection there is a VERY deep pothole. My car hit the hole and the jolt was so hard the car stopped functioning, and now I need a wheel alignment.
Hi, there are several potholes that have opened up one major one near the intersection of Navajo and Lake Murray. If you go down Lake Murray towards Albertsons and back to Walgreens there are about 5+ potholes both forming and present.  Thank you for your city services! Best Regards, The Petersons.
Large pothole, Fashion Valley Rd. Northbound side near Town & Country  Convention center
HUGE pothole in the middle of the road! Roughly 24"x14" in size and 4" deep. I've already seen several low riding vehicles severely damaging their front bumpers going over  pothole.
A few pot holes when you turn left onto Ulric heading up the hill.
Villa La Jolla Drive, 1/2 block from La Jolla Village Drive. West side, near restaurant.Ruined my tire!
Road work was done, at bottom of hill on 2/1/2019. Rain was light at the time crew finished. An hour later, heavy rain started. Most of the fresh asphalt washed away, leaving a 1 & 1/2 feet by 5 feet trench. Still asphalt there, but a 8x8 inch area of exposed dirt has opened. Downhill running water will definitely cause bigger hole. Located in front of our address: 1248 Dorcas st. San Diego 92110
Numerous potholes on Navajo between College and Margerum
Numerous pot holes in intersection of Navajo and Lake Murray
Potholes all along N. Harbor Drive on way to Airport
Pothole in the left lane going east
Pothole at the crosswalk going east bound on Garnet, right after Mission Bay Dr.


Major road damage - multiple deeps dips spanning two lanes of traffic.
2 potholes on Kansas st right by the stop sign.
Huge pot hole will cause serious damage soon to all vehicles and buses
Bad pot holes.  All of wing street needs repaved. Lots of traffic on  road due to school, office building, and Kaiser facility
Traveling east on Miramar road at the entrance to the southbound I-15. There are 3 large dangerous potholes.
Pothold needs to be filled.


Big one on Reagan Rd south of New Salem Rd
One long pothole on the entire street
Clairemont Mesa blvd


Potholes: The largest is approximately 18 inches in diameter.  There are more than 30 areas where the asphalt is missing creating potholes.
Very bumpy, uneven, loose asphalt. Have to drive ever so slowly over that part of the intersection or drive on the on coming side of the road to avoid the jostling part of the road.
Street looks like market st full of pot holes
Many deep potholes in right lane between Laurel and Grape
West Bound, #2 Lane, wheel busting deep pothole.
West bound, #1 lane, wheel busting deep pothole.
Whole section of street has pot holes running the length of the block. People are driving on the wrong side of the street to avoid the pot holes and many near crashes.
2 big pot holes forming on the frontage Road right at the stop sign in front of SPAWAR.
Pothole at the intersection of La Jolla village drive and Villa La Jolla Drive. Can't take photo it's in the middle of the road.
Large pothole at stop sign before freeway 8 ramp
Pothole on corner of Curlew and Juniper
Big pothole in the middle of the intersection of Flanders Dr and Greenford
Pothole on corner of laurel and state
Pothole
Pothole with a diameter of about 2 feet maybe a foot deep
Multiple potholes (Dipper and 65th)
Pothole
The road long 32nd St., between Landis St. and Dwight St., particularly in front of the 3630 address is riddled with potholes. I've gouged my black rims on the curb from these potholes that run against, and along the curb. These potholes are larger than my wheels and tires, so the curb rises above my tire sidewall in these areas.
Middle lane westbound, many huge potholes.
Between 9700 Camino Ruiz and Jade Coast Dr., both north and south bound lanes have severe road damage due to the recent rain. North and south bound lanes by the new U-Haul construction side, the road was cut open and the fix was so poorly executed that it ruins rims, alignments, shocks and springs. Please have someone look into  mess. Thank you.
Large potholes on east side (downhill)
Several huge potholes   Traveling from north to south. Dangerous for motorcycles
Pothole left lane past trolley tracks north bound on euclid
Many potholes along 44th street from Meade to Monroe
Large potholes on North Harbor Drive heading west and east. Due to large rainfall event recently.
Whole street is in bad condition potholes whole street both sides Please fix it's breaking my cars
Big hole has reappeared from last year
Two big potholes in middle of intersection
Milton Street, from cross street Illion to when it turns into Burgener Blvd., is a mess.  Last year's resurfacing product has detached from the roadway, leaving the entire span with growing uneven road.

On the Northbound side of N Torrey Pines Road there is a black patch of asphalt that has worn away due to the recent storms.
Pot holes
Large and deep pothole
This hole knocks your teeth out!
pothole on the corner in the cement part
There's a dip in the far right lane, NB Fairmount, south of the 8, that may be a sinkhole forming.  should be checked, along with the massive amount of potholes along Fairmount and Montezuma in  area.
holey road
Very large pothole full of water even though the rain stopped 2 days ago. There is water all over that part of the street.  is near the intersection with San Ramon going east on Gold Coast.  has been there for a long time and is getting bigger every day.

Two potholes on west bound side of the road
Alvarado rd and mision george place...huge pot holeas i make rigjt turn
All along  street.from Hwy 5 are large potholes. This is  Gennesse road near Linda Vista Rd.
pothole uneven road
Pothole in left lane just north of Ash and Columbia intersection
Many potholes on New Salem going east near intersection with Camino Ruiz just in front of the library sign.  has been reported many times by many people and the problem is still there. I first reported it on 1/23/2019 and that report is now marked "CLOSED" even though nothing has been done.
 left turn pocket
Large pothole on right side of lane heading up the hill, plus 5 more further up.
Pothole on left lane of westbound clairemont mesa blvd.
Many pot holes on  busy side street people use after 5PM
This street has horrible potholes for blocks!
Where La Jolla Scenic Drive south ends in an ONRAMP to La Jolla Parkway EAST, there is a very large 2 by 3 foot pothole.  Significant hazard since it is on the curving onramp and cannot be spotted in advance.  This is near end of Via Capri but  last one block before LJ Parkway is called La Jolla Scenic
Pot hole at  bus stop location. I feel it should be repaired with concrete instead of asphalt. This pot hole has been patched many times.
Numerous potholes on street heading south between 10385 Vista Sorrento Parkway and Directors Place.  Also heading north between Mira Sorrento Place and 10385 Vista Sorrento Parkway.  Thank you!
Balboa Ave. starting at Genesee going toward 805 , both east and west lanes. LARGE pot holes up and down the street.   is a big hazard trying to stay in the lane - lots of swerving and swearing! CRAZY!!!!!!!!
Large pothole in the far left lane going west on Clairemont Mesa Boulevard a couple of yards east of Limerick
Many on Washingtonentrance to freeway
Potholes
The condition of the asphalt as well as the sidewalk is very bad.  The asphalt and sidewalk is severely cracking and is in need of repair asap.   has cracking and potholes so water "ponds" and collects everytime there is a rain.   is practically a little lake that forms when there is rain.
Pothole near middle of road on Burgener Blvd near Lister
On Friars Rd, just off of Sea World Drive, where there is construction there are several potholes.  's right where it curves on Friars along the cement barrier. They have been patched previously but recently have worsened.
The asphalt at the corner of Olivetas and Pearl is rapidly deteriorating due to all the water pooling in  area during the recent rains.  We need a storm drain installed in  area to prevent  from happening again.
One of 5 potholes at least 2" deep in the left turn lane from Carmel Mtn Rd north to Stoney Creek Rd.
north part of road has chunks missing that need to be replace.
Pothole. Contact is Tasha at 858-650-6830
I have lived on 71st Street, in the 48 hundred block of that street for over 30 years .   San Diego and La Mesa share   street. The La Mesa side of the street has sidewalks; San Diego  only has sidewalks in a couple of places along the street.   is very unsafe to be walking  on the San Diego side.  La Mesa City came out one time  to make repairs to the street. THEY PAVED THE WHOLE STREET, BUT ONLY THEIR SIDE...they paved from their curbs to the middle of the street. And the San Diego part of the street, to  day, still looks like a 3rd. World road. To be afoot on the San Diego side can be dangerous. Since people must walk in the street, they have to watch out for cars dodging all the POTHOLES!

Pot holes on morina Blvd , large pot hole at Knoxville and morina Blvd . Also Milton street .
Several large potholes on  short street at both ends and in the middle. Car damaging size holes.
Pot hole Knoxville and Gardena place

Large pothole in westbound lane of Eastgate Mall just before Genesee intersection.
Series of potholes in right turn lane from Miramar Road onto Eastgate Mall. This was previously reported, but the ticket was closed without being fixed.
This is regarding the western facing driveway off 32nd street, in front of the CVS. These potholes have been here for years and only getting progressively worse.
Large potholes in westbound lanes of Miramar Road just before the Pyramid.
This is regarding the western facing driveway off 32nd street, in front of the CVS. These potholes have been here for years and only getting progressively worse.
Large pothole, getting worse by the hour
Pot hole that is likely a hidden sink hole given subsidence
Eastgate mall westbound lane near the crosswalk at the Genesee Ave intersection is pothole.
Several DEEP potholes in the middle lane going westbound on Miramar Rd near the cross of Carroll Road. Dangerous, as cars are swerving to avoid hitting them. In fact, ALL of Miramar Road needs to be paved. s a disaster and dangerous roadway due to so many cracks, holes and almost craters.
Westbound lane on Eastgate mall, just east of the Genesee Ave intersection, there is a pothole in the middle lane (the lane that is designated to go straight thru the light).
Eastbound lane of Flanders drive, just east of the Camino Ruiz Intersection there is a pothole. There are a few places along  road that could be filled in a bit.
Middle lane of westbound  Miramar Road, from about Cabot drive to Carroll Road, there are several potholes and chunks missing from the road.
dirt from alley has gone in the parking lot. the alley needs grading
RECENT REPAIR SINKING E/B #2 LANE  TORREY PINES BETWEEN HILLSIDE & LITTLE
Potholes
Potholes
Large pothole northbound just before I overpass.
Pothole on Conrad Ave.  Frink
Rough road and potholes
Street has huge pot holes.  continues to damage my tires. Please fix.
Hole
Pot chuncks of street broken off

REALLY BAD P/S ALL ALONG 58TH BETWEEN MARIPOSA AND DIVISION

POTHOLE
Pothole on Aldine ramp to NB Fairmount
Harbor drive, left lane. Just past Laning road.
Extremely large potholes on Harbor Dr heading South (or East) from the airport to Grape Sts. Not an area where I could stop and take photos!
Huge pothole Northbound Convoy north of Balboa Avenue
Pathole
BAD P/H GOING INTO THE INTERSECTION
Pot holes
A Very large and deep pothole in the right lane of Garnet East and Mission Bay Dr.   is   Extremely dangerous because it is the whole turn lane and it is a the busy intersection.  This is not the first large pothole in  location.  Instead of just a" patch"  you need to fix it.
Big pothole
Large pothole
RIDDLED WITH POT HOLES EASTBOUND FROM 163 TO RUFFIN, DAVID 619-340-3249
Genesee ave from balboa to Boyd full of potholes
There are 2 large potholes at the corner of Columbia & Ash.
POTHOLE AT LEFT TURN POCKET
GIANT pothole roselle turn under overpass intersection with Sorrento Valley blvd
Major Pothole in the southbound speedbump.
POTHOLES ON COLLEGE FROM DEL CERRO TO FREEWAY
There are multiple potholes between Bob St and Famosa on Worden St.
Rows of potholes down the center lane
ABOUT 6200 ALVARADO RD (WHERE ALVARADO GOES UNDER TROLLEY BRIDGE)  BAD POTHOLES
There is a huge crater at the end of the construction zone northbound on Qualcomm way just before getting to Friars Road. I hit it yesterday and bent a rim and front suspension strut on my car. Very dangerous.
Potholes
Very Large wide pothole near the end of Via Capri where it almost joins with La Jolla Parkway. The wavy road that leads to La Jolla Parkway.
Large pothole and smaller potholes in street
Multiple potholes on southeast corner of intersection

Pothole on South west Corner of Sunroad Centrum Lane and Lightwave Ave
Pothole

Large pothole in the E-1 lane.
There is a large/deep pothole near the genesee entrance to marian bear park going east up hill to clairemont Mesa Blvd. May daughter hit  pot hole instead of going into the other lane and hitting a car and we now have a bent rim on our car.  we will have to buy an entirely new rim.
Many many potholes from La Jolla village Drive intersection north on Torrey Pines Road
This block is literally full of potholes, trying to play frogger with avoiding them. There is about 20 between convoy street + the 163 on clairemont mesa blvd.
Severe pothole. SB Qualcom Way where you approach the ramp to turn right to Friars road East
SB HIDDEN VALLEY/OLD PATCH SUNKEN
Three potholes s/b up the hill
Tire-damaging pothole. Left turn lane from Westbound Navajo Rd. onto Jaffe Court
Pothole
The east side of N. Torrey Pines Rd is being undermined due to erosion.   About 3 feet of the road is undermined at  point and the bike path is unsupported.   The location is near the bottom of the hill, across from Torrey Pines State Park  parking lot.
Pothole on the northbound side of Euclid, north of Federal Blvd (coming down the hill), near Dalehaven Pl I think. If I recall correctly, there's 3 left-chevron road signs on the right side of the road, then two "Oak Park" banners posted, then the pothole is just after that, right around the curve in the road. I avoided it, but it looks potentially damaging to vehicles.

pothole on Northbound  54th Ave by municipal pool
Very deep pothole in the intersection of Plum and Lowell in Point Loma.
POTHOLE ON OVERPASS
Assortment of potholes on Northbound Fairmont near US 8 and before going under the overpass.
POTHOLE  W/B WASHINGTON AT LINCOLN
All crosswalks have dangerous pothole endangering pedestrians and wheelchairs
pot holes, traffic lane lines faded, wire sensors exposed.
Pothole needs repair
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Multiple potholes at the intersection of the street.  Big chunks of concrete getting thrown up when cars drive over it.
I was traveling on I-5 south, and exited on 10th Avenue.  I dropped into a pot hole just after the 163/10th Avenue fork (on the 10th off-ramp).  The pot hole caused my tire to pop.  My BMW has "run-flat tires", so I was able to drive to work (8th & J).  My company filled the tire with air, so I could take it to Lutz Tire on 28th & market for repairs.  I will be filing a claim with the City to cover the cost of the tire replacement.  Please fill the pot hole before someone gets into an accident.
There are several potholes in the #2 eastbound lane of Coronado Avenue, between Green Bay St. and Hollister Street.
Pothole in front of Chevron driveway on College Avenue
Large pothole in the alley on thorn st in between 3265 and 3271 Thorn st.
Two deep potholes for two lanes heading towards Southland Plaza
There are several potholes on the On-ramp from Del Mar Heights Rd and I-5 Northbound.  The road is damaged and does not allow vehicles to merge smoothly.  The potholes are located at the merge-point (edge of freeway lane, end of on-ramp)
p/hs all along block
Potholes everywhere!
Severe potholes. Can see rebar.
Potholes
pot holes in # 1 and 2 north bound lane of north torrey pines rd about 1/4 mile south of the park entrance(12600 north torrey pines rd)  Brent Darvin (858) 755-3294 of county dept public works said its not the county's responsibilty.  its one of the areas where theres a mixture of concrete and asphalt
Enormous pothole filled with water.  is hidden by the water. Neighboors complained of damaged cars. People are driving in a dangerous manner in the intersection to avoid the hole.
Multiple pothole at in the crosswalk and intersection. Dangerous for cars and pedestrians.
Westbound on Camino Del Rio N. After the ?Bus Access Rd? -  is a MAJOR HOLE in the road.   was bad before the last rains and now it is wide and probably a foot deep.   is to the right side of road.  SERIOUSLY MAJOR MAJOR HOLE.
Two humps in road
Pothole with water ponding all the time.  never drys out. I believe their might be a water leak.
Jarring, significant pothole on NB convoy st
There are HUGE potholes up and down Paradise Valley Road from the intersection of S Meadowbrook Drive to Parkwood Drive
Pothole forcing cars into bike lane
Large pot holes that extent from one side of street to other side. Needs attention a.s.a.p. thank you
There are many pot holes on street. Thank you
Multiple potholes on both sides of the street. Roughly 10"x10" and 2"-3" deep.
Wide pothole about 1"-2" deep.
LONG POTHOLE IN ALLEY FILLS UP WITH WTR AFTER IT RAINS. WHEN CARS PASS, IT SPLASHES WATER INTO MY PROPERTY. PLEASE REFILL. ACCES ALLEY THROUGH ROLANDO BL, BEHIND 7-11.
Some bad pot holes!
Pot hile
Balboa just east of charger (heading west) is a brutal pothole along with many others around it within a block. Blew the sidewall of my new tire front passenger side. 2nd pothole  week!!!
GIANT pothole in Left lane shortly after the 8-East Waring Rd. freeway exit and turning Left to head up Waring Rd.  The pothole is almost the size of the entire left lane and looks to be about 4 inches deep.

There are 3 big pot holes on Camino Santa Fe between Miramar Rd and Trade St.
Right lane between offramp on 5 north at Nobel to Villa La Jolla DriveNeeds work done
Many potholes on  Nimitz underpass. Difficult to dodge for a smooth ride
Large pothole on the entrance to 805 North off Imperial
HIT POTHOLE ON SAT 2/2/19 THAT BENT WHEEL, EASTBOUND ON JAMACHA RD. JUST EAST OF CARDIFF ST.
Northbound Sea world drive. Left lane.
Very large potholes on Balboa between charger and Genesee
1 to 2 inch deep elongated pot hole directly in front of our house.  Lake Adlon Dr from Boulder Lake to Cowles Mtn in generally very poor condition.  Multiple 1 inch deep ruts along the length of the road.  The hole in front of our house was recently filled but is open again and appears as bad as before repair attempt was made.
3 horrible patch jobs still on the road that are as bumpy as a pothole. Please file down.
There is a LARGE pothole at the intersection of Leon Ave and Hollister St.

Pothole
SOUTHBOUND IN THE MID OF THE ST. 5"X10" AND 3" DEEP.
Deep.pothole on westbound lane by traffic light. Was repaired recently. Now deeper than before.
Extremely large pothole just west of the fire station near the bus stop on Paradise  Valley  Rd
4 foot by  2 - 3 foot. Very large pothole. In the north bound side of the street.
Multiple potholes on the corner of Madeline and 62st


Eastbound on Balboa from Pacific Beach in the right lane (near Seven Eleven), there's a massive unavoidable pothole(s). Even at a slow speed they're pretty jarring
There's a pothole at the beginning of the exit to I-15. Would be good to have it repaired because drivers rarely slow down in that area.
My name is Keisha Allen. On Monday evening 2/04/19 at 11:30 PM, I ran over a pothole at the intersection of El Cajon Blvd and Texas St.  damaged busted my tire, and damaged my rim somewhat. I have replaced my tire. I would like to reimbursed for the expense I incurred. I reported the pothole Monday on the San Deigo get it done website, the SAP number is 040300100845. I also posted a picture of the pothole, as well a brief description stating the it caused damage to my tire.
DEEP POTHOLE AT INTERSECTION CROSSWALK, E/B LANE

Pot hole that is about 2 to 3 inches deep.
Pothole on three seasons just west of Thanksgiving lane

Multiple potholes

Pot hole in left lane - dangerous
Offramp leaving Mira Mar Rd going into I-805 N half way off Mira Mar Rd and merge into I-805. About oblong 9" x 14" about 9" deep.
Large pothole on Imperial Ave before you turn onto 805N ramp

Several large potholes between 805 and Genesee on balboa Avenue westbound
two giant potholes in the city parking lot
Pothole on west Torrey pines road
Home ave before the 805 underpass, before the 94 east entrance.
Pothole will damage cars
Left side of road is deteriorating quickly
The Fairmount Ave expressway from Aldine Dr all the way to the 8 Freeway.  is full of dangerous potholes going north. Some deep.  is not in a safe condition. Please you need to fix all the potholes on Fairmount Ave all the way to the 8.
Pothole and uneven road (new from the recent rain)
Pothole. Corner of E and 7th as you turn. Course the entire street is crap as is most of  city !  Thank you ?
Pothole on Florida l, heading North on approach to Bob Wilson Dr. in left lane.
On Roselle headed north

multiple pot holes almost a sink holes right lane.
Potholes everywhere. Street needs to be repaved
This whole street needs to be resurfaced. Our neighborhood looks sad, because of the road conditions. All streets nearby have been resurfaced. Please, have our street done as well.
Pothole in southbound left lane of Genesee.  Right next to intersection
Several potholes before draining
LARGE CAR DAMAGING POT HOLE WHERE VIA CAPRI TURNS INTO LA JOLLA SCENIC SOUTH AS IT CONNECTS TO LA JOLLA PARKWAY.
Here we go again, large number of deep holes in both right lanes. Caltrans contacted me about repaving  area but they didn't specify what year they were going to get  done.
2 potholes. 1 is at least 2 ft. They're at the bus stop east bound University, just before 10th Ave.
Deep pothole
Two large potholes in the street.
Very deep pothole next to curb westbound side of street.   blew out my tire and damaged my front end.  I am currently being towed to dealership for repair.
Two potholes on left lane on Governor right after the intersection with Scripps
Large pothole 3"-3.5" deep
Rough pothole road
Potholes
Potholes in ALLEY are dangerous to drivers and bike riders.  night could cause serious injury or fatality. Please fix the Potholes in the alley that is between Sunset Cliffs Blvd and Cable Street. On the East end.
This intersection has various potholes that are tire swallowing. Can someone look around  4 way intersection and fill these in?
Missing valve cover. Asphalt needed around
intersection of murray ridge rd & pinecrest av, pothole in the right lane going south
going from 52 west onto la jolla parkway, numerous potholes
dangerous pothole that has disrupted traffic and is causing vehicular traffic.
dangerous pothole that is disrupting traffic and causing vehicular damage
"POTHOLE E/B FRIARS EAST OF SEA WORLD DR UNDER A BRIDGE"
Pathole
Two large potholes in Riviera Dr
4? dep pothole westbound side of Blue Lake
Potholes up and down Ashford in front of Carnival
Potholes on Ekstrom leading to intersection
Pothole on northbound La Jolla Scenic after fork
Potholes on northbound North Torrey Pines Rd
In southbound LJ Shores Dr., between  intersection with Horizon Way and the next right-hand intersection (with LJ Shores Lane), several different potholes, mostly in areas of cracked pavement or previously patched sections.
Giant pothole on the on ramp to 5/52 out of La Jolla. This is a huge pothole!
We would like to report big hole in the back of building at 3911 Oregon St.
Pothole north bound lane
Potholes north bound lane
Potholes north bound lane
Several deep Potholes, on N/B  and S/B Camino Santa Fe, South of Carroll Rd, and North of Miramar Rd.
Clairemont mesa and convoy...4 large potholes
BAD POTHOLED AREA FROM COSTA VERDE TO REGENTS,  HAZARD
There are approximately 20 potholes in the alley behind Grand Avenue, between Culver & Olney. Some of the potholes are large enough to ruin tires!
Back Alley behind address has no concrete or pavement. when rain the water accumulates by my gate and other neighbors creating mud and the place becomes a magnet  for people to dump old furniture.
Potholes on NB Genesee Ave around 2601 Genesee Ave
Many pot holes
Potholes galore after the storm.  Possible rim damage
There are numerous potholes on 22nd street which are very hazardous
In both of the northbound lanes of North Torrey Pines Road, at the site of former patches, HUGE potholes have opened up. The right-hand lane is especially dangerous. The exact location is hard to pinpoint but is about .24 miles north of the speed sign.
Pot hole in the near center of the street
Pothole in the center of the intersection
Hello, needs to be brought to your attention that there are a minimum of six potholes on Via de la Valle between San Andres and Jimmy Durante Blvd which is a very small stretch of road but with significant traffic as it is the exit point for the racetrack and points east.  has become difficult to ?dodge? the many potholes and generally bad road condition on  particular stretch of road on Via de la Valle. More than filling a few potholes, you will see if you drive it that the road conditions are disastrous. Laura StoiaHomeowner3040 Caminito Tercer Verde619-933-6697
Pothole in southbound lane of Kearny Mesa Rd at Othello Ave
On NB Genesee
Pothole in southbound lane of Kearny Mesa Rd at Othello Ave
On SB Genesee ave
This is barely even a paved road now
There is a big pothole on the corner of Ruffin Road and Balboa Avenue, near the Jack in the Box building.
 the intersection of Cactus Road and Siempre Viva Road, there are many potholes. If you people took just a little bit of pride in your work, you would fix  intersection properly. Clearly, you don't take pride in your work. You have never fixed  intersection properly. This is nearly my 50th report in the last three years reporting  intersection. In the attached photo the blurry circle is one huge pothole. Repave the intersection.
Very large and deep pothole in  intersection.  My tire pressure warning light turned on soon after hitting the pothole.
pot hole right before enter section
Large pothole and several other small ones near crosswalk
Potholes
WB Balboa Ave #1 lane has several potholes
Potholes
LARGE POTHOLE CALLED IN BY BRUCE FROM COUNCIL'S OFFICE
WB Broadway #1 lane between 13th and Park- sometimes in the line for bicycles if we have to pass parked buses
Numerous potholes ,some so deep that drivers are busy watching for them and not watching traffic flow.  Very dangerous for motorcycles and bicycles.  Especially at night when you can't see them.
Multiple potholes in both directions along Genesee Avenue.
Large pot holes in right lane near traffic light
Test, test.  Please do not process to SAP.  Greg Gerhant
Test, test.  Please do not process to SAP.  Greg Gerhant
MIRAMAR RD & CARROLL RD, 3 POTHOLES IN A ROW IN THE INTERSECTION IN THE MIDDLE LANE OF MIRAMAR RD

Asphalt patch has sunk. The hole was dug a few weeks ago to repair a leak.
Multiple potholes in both directions along Genesee Avenue.

9116 Three Seasons Road ...east bound side...very deep & long pothole. Please help!
LARGE POTHOLE ON S/B WESTONHILL DR RIGHT AFTER HILLERY DR
Recurring large pothole on Rolando just south of University.
Pothole at westbound Balboa just right before turn into shopping center.
Multiple potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions.
Eastbound Imperial ave at the 805 overpass between the overpass and  47th  car damaging pot hole.
Lots of potholes south bound on College Av between Del Cerro and the stop light at the I-8. Contact is Larry at 619-265-1560
Pothole is in westbound center lane. Address is approximate.
A few large potholes
Pot hole increasing in size.  Becoming dangerous to cyclists.
More potholes that will injure unaware cyclists.  Road deterioration west of  picture as well
Several potholes and deterioration eastbound along  road.  Extremely dangerous to cyclists and will also cause vehicle damage.
LARGE PIT CRUMBLED,  CALLER STATED SOMEONE CAN DIE IF THEY DRIVE IN
BAD POTHOLE, STATING DANGEROUS REQ IT BE FILLED TODAY
PER PD 2 POTHOLES 1 FT X 1 FT IN W/B 6600 BALBOA
PER PD 1 POTHOLE IN THE W/B 5700 BLOCK OF BALBOA
Two large potholes in the north bound lanes just prior to the stop light
Bad potholes along west-bound center median.
Huge pot hole that caused damage to my 2017 Mercedes front drivers side rim, control arm and tire. The pot hole is located in front of the Miramar Metroplex in the west bound middle lane on Miramar Road. Pictures attached. This incident occurred on 2/8/2019 at approximately 6:15pm.
Corner of rolando and university ave by chevron pothole back!

2 Large potholes in City park parking lot major Safety Issue
I am reporting a pot hole located on Miramar Road that caused damage to my 2017 Mercedes AMG C43 front drivers side rim, control arm and tire. The pot hole is located  in front of the Miramar Metroplex in the west bound middle lane. I recently reported  pot hole on  site but entered the incorrect date of the incident. The incident occurred on 2/4/2019 at approximately 6:15pm.
There is a sign missing from the railing overlook at the foot of Bird Rock Ave at Dolphin  -and there is  broken beer bottle glass on the staircase at the first landing. This is a favorite surf spot, many surfers going up/down the staircase, so the glass is a hazard to bare feet
POTHOLES AT INTERSECTION
Large pothole right in the middle of busy Reagan Road, right by the entrance to the Sprouts grocery store parking lot. Many cars swerving left and right to avoid the pothole.
Massive pothole pooling with water at the intersection of Camino Ruiz and New Salem Street.  is near the entrance to the Mira Mesa library and the Walgreens parking lot, as well as close to the Vons parking lot (very busy area). Pedestrians are having difficulty crossing the street, and cars swerve to avoid the pothole and go into the wrong lane to get around it.
In front of Chevron on w/b Balboa, right most lane.

Deep hole
Hazardous pothole, tire damage. Southwest corner on Rolando at University, sunken contractor Trench
Big pothole.
In eastbound lane
On center line
POTHOLES  BY DIVISION ST. RECEIVING A LOT OF COMPLAINTS
Two foot round pothole getting deeper by the day.  Located in the North ie Westbound lane in front of 6204 Madeline St about 5 feet prior to the stop sign.
Numerous potholes in West Hill Parkway, the whole road is a mess
The left lane, from I-15 to Shoal Creek, has numerous potholes
POTHOLE HOLES  4000-5000 BLOCK OF MILTON
Very Large pothole as traffic comes off the eight E. to make a left. Pothole is at the point where both off ramps Murch it is about 2 feet in diameter
right lane
Potholes on southbound Genesee
on Camino Sante Fe between Caroll Rd and Miramar Rd. Multiple locations going north.
Large pothole
All along genesee from balboa to marlesta.
Hole
Pothole southbound lane
Pothole where you turn onto Calle Chante
Large asphalt patch area on eastbound lane adjacent to wall construction as one approaches la Jolla shores drive has dropped.    causes significant response in car.
 stop sign going south on Calle Tres Lomas from Potomac ...it's at the 5 corners
Pothole is in the leftmost lane going westbound.
large, deep pothole on Carmel Mountain Road eastbound just past the light at Cucca street heading east
Huge pothole
Numerous deep potholes and pavement failure in WB lanes between ruffin road and convoy street
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes
Porhole on the turn left shoulder
Street is in very bad condition
3 sets of pot holes heading west bound.
Massive pothole
Road crumbling. Pothole
Pot hole 700 & 800 block of Jacumba St. 92114
Major pot holes (safety issues) 8300 & 8400 block of San vicente street 92114
Repair work done in several places each area about eight feet by 8 feet i section has been repaved correctly the other three sections ar terrible
Big pothole at intersection of La Media and Otay Mesa Rd.
Large pothole at the northeast corner of the intersection of Laurel & Fifth Ave.
Otay Mesa Rd  at Enrico Fermi  to Alta road is Full of potholes.  I already contacted the county and they claim it is not their responsibility.   has to be someones.  Please investigate and fix.
huge hole in street at merge to La Jolla Pkwy
Large potholes near intersection of othello and Kearny Mesa
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE IN THE SOUTH BOUND LANE OF REGENTS RD, SOUTH OF HWY 52.
SDGE attempted to fix a gas leak right in front of our house, over a month ago. Drilled and broke 4x4 sqft of brand new street and drilled at least ten (2) inches holes within 30 feet of our house. Our dog got her foot stuck on one of the holes multiple times. Can someone expedite  process so our dog and other neighbor's dog won't get hurt walking through here? Also, these deep 2-inch holes connect to the gas like below? What if someone accidentally drop a cigarette in one of them & blow up.
The whole street between Petit and Mt Albertine needs to be fixed.
Multiple potholes
 entrance to driveway cable installers on street have not repaired the hole properly and created a large pothole during rains. Also cut through the sidewalk at corner of Via Excelencia and Candida. Repaired sidewalk with blacktop not cement.
There are like 4 or 5 of them in the same small block
Intersection has lots of potholes.
Several in the area
Numerous deep damaging potholes on the RIGHT TURN ONLY lane.
Multiple very deep potholes at Sorrento Valley Blvd and Roselle St
Multiple POTHOLES at intersection. Need filling!
Major pothole entering onto I5N - bent my wheel and caused flat tire.
large pot holes everywhere
potholes covering entire street
The alleyway in the back of  apartment building is completely deteriorated.  There are so many potholes it is dangerous to walk on the road without injuring your foot.  The alleyway is in bad need of resurfacing/repair.
There are serious potholes on 3400-5100 Genesee Avenue through Clairemont, northbound and southbound, from Marlesta Drive to Appleton Street.
Pothole in front of 4059 30th street, in northbound lane
A couple potholes in the center of the road.
Giant pothole on right lane. Drove into it and popped tire and bent passenger front wheel. Next to Jaguar dealership before the bus stop.
Pothole in the intersection.
Potholes all alone Meadowbrook drive from 47 I are way down to Brookhaven and down to skyline drive
Pothos on both sides of the street are messing up cars need to be fixed all the way to skyline
Potholes along the street.
Potholes
Potholes are messing people's car up hose on both sides of the street need to be done
Previous pat has already failed.  Please make repair.
that entire block has a lot of potholes, heading towards valencia pkwy
Pothole at intersection of Morena blvd and Knoxville st
On 02/08/19 at about 10:30 pm, my vehicle drove over a significant pothole at about 35 mph in the right lane of Qualcomm Way heading north toward Friars Rd.  Approximately 6-8 inches deep, and about 1.5 feet x 1 feet.  The impact blew out my tire, and damaged the wheel.  I have run-flat tires so was able to continue driving.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
2 pot holes in front of 4136 Ibis St. 92103 between Montecito Way and West Lewis st. School at W. Lewis and Ibis St. (St. Vincent Catholic School and Church). Several near streets were repaved, but not ours.  serves 2 dead ends and has traffic to get to them. Jan Widmer (619) 296.3634.
Potholes
Potholes in the crosswalk
Pothole
Potholes

Large pothole on turn from Morena North onto Knoxville East. Very deep tire popper size.
Potholes
pothole
Several potholes in alley behind our store. Major trip and fall hazard for customers walking to parking. Photos just some. There are additional holes.
Three potholes just started.

Unusually deep pothole in otherwise good roadway, Carmel Mountain Road south/westbound at Canter Heights
Pothole on Reagan Road, by intersection of Mira Mesa  Mall entrance
Potholes
Bad multiple potholes mostly in middle Westbound lanes in 6500 blk of Balboa Ave

Pothole
Potholes
Large Pothole Inside Ln., Carmel Mountain Road westbound at intersection
Pathole
Pathole
Large areas of Genesee Avenue between Linda Vista Road and Freeway 163 are severely cracked and large chunks of asphalt are missing and forming damaging potholes.  They get patched intermittently but return within weeks. They are back with a vengeance and messing up car suspensions daily.
Pot hole on north bound freeway exit
Several deep and large potholes here. Also seems that  particular block keeps getting forgotten while neighboring streets get resurfaced.
From via frontera all the way down to rancho Bernard Road there are massive potholes. Mainly on the left side of the road, some are nearly impossible to avoid and my car, along with many others, have encountered damaged alignment. Please please please fix them. There is one really big one about half way down the road that is probably the worst one, the one that always hurts my car.
Pothole takes up most of the left lane
All over the place
Judy McCarty way and collage ave
There are severe large potholes at the SE corner Miramar Road and Kearny Mesa Road.
This entire section of street is all potholes
Cracked pavement at southeast corner of Meade and Copeland Ave. Has been that way for a long time.
Multiple potholes on northbound Lanes of Fairmount Avenue Expressway just before the exit ramps to the 8 East and 15/805 freeways.
5" deep with bundled wiring visible
Pothole 6" deep 1' wide
Pathole

Slurry seal has delaminated for the second time.
Three pot holes, one is really deep, southbound on Ruffin Road prior to reaching Sky Park Circle.
On eb Balboa Ave...
On eb Balboa Ave
Pot hole
From College Ave, Alvarado Rd to Alvarado Ct has numerous potholes. As soon as it rains the road crumbles.  has numerous cracks as well.
Pot hole
Pot hole in right turning lane...  area has been fixed multiple times, maybe time to repave it!
Multiple potholes, right lane southbound. 3 in the intersection.
Pothole, right lane southbound.
I went through the street by a McDonald?s and I bent my tire on a pothole
Madison Ave between 34th and 36th Street, This road is so bumpy with so many patches and re-patches, I got a flat tire going  6 miles an hour on my bicycle. The tires were brand new they came with the bike which is less than 3 months old, maybe 50 miles on them. They just hit too many big bumps. if you want me to take a picture of the road I will go back over there and take a picture.
pothole in middle lane about 15 by 22 inches.  seems deeper than average . must swerve to avoid. Mira Mesa blvd eastbound right before I-15 on ramp.
A FEW POTHOLES ON MERLIN DR IN BETWEEN MARKET AND IMPERIAL
Massive pothole on Balboa eastbound at intersection of Shopping Center Drwy. Middle of the intersection. Unavoidable. Very unsafe. I'm embarrassed just to have these sorts of potholes in my neighborhood, I can't imagine how embarrassing it would be to be responsible for maintaining these roads.
Below 56 bridge. 4 potholes.
Pothole before light going south.
potholes many
near the corner of Villa La Jolla Dr. on Gilman Dr. east side of the street just north of the north bound electronic SDMTS bus top sign the pot hole will continue to get bigger as buses stopping and starting at the bus stop everyday tear the street apart making it a hazard for bicycles
The entire length of Milton Street is full of potholes and is undriveable - from Morena Blvd to August Street. Needs a full repair or replacement.
About 5-6 potholes in the intersection.
Potholes
Potholes
Inside  intersection where Clairemont Mesa Blvd & Convoy St meet, many deep & wide potholes need to be patched up.
Left turn lane on southbound Nimitz Bl where it crosses W Point Loma Bl. A big & deep pothole needs to be patched up.
Huge hole in the middle of intersection of Cannon & Rosecrans. 4'x3' very deep.
Pothole by lane separator on east  bound side of street of intersection
Pothole
Pothole
FIVE DEEP POTHOLES WEST BOUND BETWEEN DEEP DALE & BRIARWOODTHANK YOU
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES UP AND DOWN CROWN POINT DRIVE FROM THE 3300 - 3700 BLOCK
3 potholes ranging from 2-3 feet each in size.
There's a really bad pothole on La Jolla village Dr going from Rock Bottom restaurant turning left ( going towards La Jolla). My car feels like it will sink in as it is very rough. Please repair it!
There are a bunch of potholes (at least 10) on Division street between S 58th and Valencia Parkway. The road is very bumpy and rough, it gets worse as we get more rain.
Driveway to Vallarta Express on Genesee has 6-8" deep potholes that almost blow the sidewall of my cars tires at low speeds.
Street needs repaving badly. Could also use speed bumps
PER SDPD THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE IN THE N BOUND LANE OF QUALCOMM WY PRIOR TO FRIARS RD INTERSECTION
There is a large pothole going north on Waring Rd from 8 E exit.
#2 westbound lane ckairemont mesa blvd
Pothole in the right westbound lane of Balboa Ave just before the driveway between McDonald's & Chevron.
Many potholes on Fairmount Ave northbound right before the 8freeway merge
Many potholes going east bound on Montezuma
Large potholes
Large potholes in front of the mcdonalds drive thru
In the fairmount ave freeway underpass there are severe potholes from the rain and several  looks like it?s ready to cave it too many pictures to upload
DEEP pothole on Aldine directly underneath  the Fairmount overcrossing; in the left wheel track when driving from Talmadge to Kensington.
A lot of cracks and potholes on Otay Mesa Rd between Sanyo Ave and Enrico Fermi Dr, extending for about 2000ft total.
sink hole in the middle of the street
lots of holes
lots of holes
lots of holes
lots of holes
Large potholes.
deep hole eastbound lane, left lane


Pothole
Pothole
Pothole in center of junction
Pothole on the corner of 32nd and upas
Pothole westbound right-hand Lane before the light on Camino Del Rio North
My car suffered a flat tire and bent wheel after hitting  large, deep pothole on southbound Mission Bay Dr. under the Sea World Dr. overpass.
Six blocks of Milton Street are covered with potholes less than a year after it was resurfaced
Potholes
growing pothole in the middle of the street.
2-3 large potholes southbound on Ruffin before Sky Park Ct
Deep Pothole needs repair.  shakes my house when the 18 wheelers drive over it all day long.
Multiple Potholes Under CA-56 Bridge On Rancho Penasquitos Blvd Southbound.

This whole street is full of pot holes



Nimitz & west point loma turn lane onto west point loma from freeway
Potholes
Large pot hole in front of residence.
Potholes in the middle of intersection
Northbound left lane, left side. Pothole.
Potholes
Potholes
Two large pot holes, westbound right lane.
Multiple potholes along road on both sides
Multiple potholes along the road going up to the stop light
Waring Rd exit lane from east bound Highway 8 as it merges with west bound Waring Rd exit from Highway 8
Potholes in middle of intersection
Huge pot hole filled with water
Pretty deep, getting wider!  Potential wheel buster!
4 inch deep pothole
Huge pothole in #1 lane (leftmost) westbound lane carmel mountain rd.  just east of Rancho Carmel Dr.
In front of 7414 Margerum Ave.  old repairs failing - 2 potholes through the asphalt and breaking up the cement underneath.
Pothole on eastbound National Ave, just east of 28th St intersection.
Multiple potholes genessee before as leaving and entering 163
Massive pothole on the top of downward street
Via capri and la Jolla parkway
Pothole on northbound South 27h St, coming off the I-5 exit ramp.
Pot hole in middle of the intersection of Pomerado Rd and Scripps Ranch Blvd on the eastbound lanes.
two potholes in the rightmost lane on la jolla village drive eastbound, before the intersection with lebon dr.
Potholes east bound lane
Potholes
Potholes west bound lane
Potholes west bound lane
Potholes west bound lane
Potholes
Potholes



Large pothole in intersection
There's a manhole recessed 2-3 inches along Genesee near science center drive on the uphill side.
Several Potholes on Mt Aguilar Dr between Auburndale St and Mt Albertine Ave
Pothole
Pothole in center of road, plus various other dips and holes on entirety of street
P/H 2FT & 4IN
Three large pot holes
The alleyway is used constantly by people dropping off and picking up children and is becoming impassable by vehicles with low ground clearance. My daughter also nearly wiped out on these ditches on her bike while a car was passing. 's definitely a risk for litigation.
HUGE potholes up and down Balboa Ave between the freeway and Mt Abernathy/Alifan, especially on the north side heading westward.

Large holes on 46th at intersection
Missing asphalt covering concrete half way down the downhill side from torrey pines.
Concerned a sink hole is starting.  Pipe blew her a few months ago
Large pothole (2ft. by 1 ft.) in the eastbound lane
Pot hole
Huge pothole
pot holes in street
pot hole
pot hole
pot hole
pot hole
pot hole
pot hole
Pot Holes in the intersection of Beaver Lake Drive and Lake Badin

 least 6 to 8 potholes on westbound Division Street between 58th St and Valencia Parkway
deep pothole eastbound Jackson left lane right after Cowles Mtn intersection
Fairmount Ave south connector to Aldine Dr. Road surface is severely degraded and in need of smoothing.
Fairmount Ave north. Road surface degraded all over, the whole thing needs re-asphalting.
pot hole
s near the gutter;on Colleage Avenue ;near Cresita Dr
On busy Street in front of sprouts mall by xwalk
As everyone from sprouts starts to turn left on regents
Huge, long fissures and potholes between Doliva Dr. (just west of 805) and the 163.  Had reported  stretch over 2 years ago...have to dodge craters!  Traffic is so busy that it's impossible to take pics safely.
Might be an old repair that has deteriorated with recent rains.  Large chunks of asphalt and gravel are dislodged every day by traffic going uphill.
P/H REPAIRS TWO AFTER WTR DEPT JOB
Series of ever growing pothole
Multiple potholes in the left lane on Park Blvd heading north a little ways before President's Way
The road between Bootes and Westonhill drive is terrible. They repaired part of Bootes but never repaired between Bootes and Westonhill.
Potholes in the street going towards mission bay
Cosoy Way and Presidio Drive intersection has huge pothole - couple feet in diameter.
PER CONS, LARGE POTHOLE ON THE SB OF INGRAHAM ST.
PER CONS, LARGE POTHOLE ON SB OF INGRAHAM ST
Huge pothole on road exiting Walmart parking lot, leading to Murphy Canyon Road.
Various sizes of potholes on Harbor Drive on my way to the airport. Hit a pretty good size one but luckily didn't do any damage.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
This whole area and the streets nearby are getting really bad from the rain. While riding my motorcycle  evening I hit a pothole and it nearly sent me flying.   point the streets are becoming increasingly dangerous.
Pothole heading west at the intersection
Looks like the road is sinking in a section that was repaired after some utility upgrades were made awhile back. Recent rain might have caused more damage as a few holes have appeared on my lawn as well.
Huge pothole on balboa right in front on mcdonalds.
Large pothole in alley, There is another pothole at the intersection of n/s &e/w alley next tp 3250 Ashford St.
Several Potholes N/B Carmel Country at Townsgate Dr., as you make left turn onto Townsgate Dr
Potholes along S/B lanes of Carmel Country Rd., right turn lane as u make right turn onto Townsgate Dr
Potholes along crosswalk Pell Pl & Townsgate Dr
W/B #1 & #2 lanes for about 1/8 mile stretch as you pass by Torrey Pines HS.  Numerous potholes, cracks and uneven asphalt.  Several requests have been placed for repaying.  Nothing has occurred as of yet.  Thank you !!
Pothole
Huge pothole at entrance of 15 south on-ramp on Mira mar road.  I hit hard. Glad I didn't pop a tire.

There are numerous potholes on Division Street between S 58th Street and Valencia Parkway. This section of road is dilapidated and really needs to be re-paved.
2 potholes one on the left one on the right. Between the 8 east EXIT  traffic signal and the 8 freeway underpass. Going north.


Pothole
Dangerous potholes on harbor on the way to the airport
Huge dangerous pothole
Couldn't take photo, I was driving. But there is a large pothole in the right lane going south on Ruffin Road.
Another pot hole
Patch back open
There are several potholes in the middle of the street that need to be filled in
numerous potholes
The road is deteriorating
8 Blocks of dangerous potholes - far too many to count - on Milton Street from Illion St. to Burgener Blvd.  Recently slurried but all washed away in Dec 2018 rain storm.
Milton street has multiple potholes
Potholes from the rain westbound on harbor drive from grape to cell phone lot for airport
tons of potholes along balboa 1 and 2 lanes.
Deep pothole at intersection of Texas and El Cajon headed north on Texas right lane
Several potholes in a major intersection. Convoy with Clairemont Mesa Boulevard
On national ave. About 3 inches deep
My vehicle drove over  pothole punchuring my tire and bending the rim of my car causing damage far enough to make my vehicle undrivable. The pothole was the length of the lane making it impossible to avoid with other cars beside me.
Potholes EB on Miramar Rd east of Cam Santa Fe
Deep pothole in eastbound #3 lane before I-15
Several potholes in northbound lanes.
Huge potholes
Two big ones on camino santa fe
This street is heavily used during school days and it has many potholes and cracks. 's deteriorating considerably. Can we please have someone address ? Thanks in advance.
Several large potholes
Pothole along the entire length of road
Large potholes in southbound lane of 16th street, just before AND just after K Street.

Very large pothole dad is getting worse with the rains could pop a tire it's so big the cement around it is crumbling into  Giant hole
Sinkhole at 7700 block  Baltic St at Linda Vista in ped cross walk. Contact is Justin at 858-775-9564
Pothole in my alley
Large potholes at the intersection. Contact is Todd at 858-243-0825
There are a couple large potholes in the alley behind 3812-3816 Shasta St. 92109.
Very large eroding pot hole at the entrance of driveway. Resident has twisted ankle twice on  pothole.
Potholes
Potholes
Deep and large potholes.  Damaged two of my tires which had to be replaced.  Todd Savitt (858) 243-0825
Large potholes In westbound lanes specifically left lane
Pothole
Giant pothole that just bent my rim in the alley behind my apartment complex.
Right lane
Many potholes 6100 to 6799 Balboa Av between Mt. Alifan & Charger.
There is a Pothole near the location indicated on the Map (West-bound) that I hit last Saturday morning. Upon impact, My tire and wheel was both damaged and was forced to install my spare on the car. The hole is getting deeper and deeper with each rain and one day, it will cause an accident. There are also couple more potholes just west of the one described that will get worse as we receive more rain and more cars run over them. Please send someone to repair as soon as possible.
deep hole.
BIG P/H WB JUST PAST MISSION GORGE PL
Deep pothole
9 potholes ranging from 6 " to 12 " wide and 4 to 6" deep. South bound Ruffin Road at Aero drive #2 lane 18" away from curb.
Multiple deep potholes on either side of Fairmount going onto 8 freeway, multiple others on Montezuma to Collwood
Numerous potholes in alley behind 4444 Cherokee Avenue. Potholes are causing danger for bicyclists and pedestrians.
Pothole
Deep pothole, right lane heading west
Pothole, westbound
Several deep potholes have formed on Florida Street right at the intersection of Florida and El Cajon.
15 POTHOLES ON BALBOA  FROM 805 TO GENESEE
Street damaged deep hole in street 5 th and E Eastside
Almost the entire street from the 163 to Linda Vista Along gennesse ave is infected by multiple potholes and has caused damage to my tires repeatedly over the last 4 years!!! Please fix ASAP, I have mad phone calls over phone calls
Potholes are on Princess View Dr, Northbound, from Laura St to Mission Gorge Rd. Starting in front of the first house, 7317 Princess View Dr, left lane, is one that was filled a few months ago, but obviously not properly repaired. The next one is in front of 7331 Princess View Dr, right lane;  one was reported at the same time I reported the first one, but nothing was done. There are a couple more between that one, and the driveway to 7401 Princess View Dr (strip mall), and a couple in front of the strip mall. The worst one is in the right lane just before the intersection with Mission Gorge Rd-- that one is large enough to "catch" a tire if you can't maneuver around it or don't see it.
pot hole on off ramp from 8 east to Mission Center Rd. left side of ramp. right side goes to Auto Circle.
series of pot holes on fairmont ave north exit to 8 east and west. right where the exit starts from fairmont to 8.
Deep pothole burst my tire last week
As you come down Carmel Mountain and turn left onto Sorrento Valley Road, there are numerous potholes at that intersection - and the largest one is right in the natural pathway of cars turning left on the inside lane
Large deep pothole south bound lane on Acena Dr  just as you make a turn into the shopping center. Contact is Tony at 858-254-1747
Large pothole in street 5 th and G
S/W/C/ DAMAGED TIRE!  FILING CLAIM
Regrade alley. Alley not draining properly. Hard for vehicles to drive on. VULEMA 619-259-4064
2 on westbound Balboa
Potholes are really bad on the corner of Donax and Thermal. Also the 1700 block of Donax is terrible with all the potholes.
Potholes in west bound lane
Intersection of Bancroft Street & Monroe Avenue.  This appears like a sink hole in the making.
Pothole
The center and right lanes have multiple potholes for a quarter to half mile  section of the road needs to be completely paved
There are quite a few large potholes on West Hills parkway at the intersection of Carlton Oaks Dr. and West Hills Parkway. There are also many potholes on West Hills Parkway between Mission Gorge Rd. and Carlton Oaks Dr. in both lanes.
POTHOLE  2 FT DEEP

 least two new potholes on Eastbound La Jolla Village Dr right lane next to the Hyatt Aventine building, after the I-5 exit and before the intersection with Lebon dr.
There is a pothole behind my driveway in the alleyway behind 1209 Robinson Ave, 92103.  's has become large enough so that my car bottoms out on it when I drive over it to park in my driveway.  is in the middle of the alley and not a part of my property.  looks to have been patched before, but the recent rains have made the patch sink.
Theres a large deep hole in the road.
Potholes
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Huge safety hazard! In the past month, I have seen people fall when crossing street while raining(due to pothole not slip), two fender benders and flat tires, ALL due to potholes that have not been addressed for years. Please assist
Street covered in potholes!
There are some nasty potholes on the right lane of the northbound stretch of  road between the two lights.
Going east on Broadway from 9th Ave through 11th Ave, there are a string of 50 potholes on the left lane that have not been fixed for over 3 years. I just put brand new Goodyear tires on my truck and  scared these potholes are going to damage them.
Large scattered potholes on corner of Waring and Orcutt - mostly on Orcutt by the Arco station.
Multiple pot holes forming at  intersection; north side. Almost daily water runoff from somewhere up the street is exacerbating the issue.
Deep pothole at entrance to Chevron station on College Avenue.  Near intersection.  Cannot miss.
On the inside (closest to the curb) left turn lane (there are two left turn lanes) on Ruffin Road turning east onto Balboa Avenue there is a pothole that is getting larger due to the recent rains.  is right where the first vehicle stops for a red light. When the vehicle is moving it causes the left tires to hit it by staying in the lane correctly.
Deep pothole on intersection. Pothole is in southbound and westbound of intersection. The whole tire can dip inches into pothole.
Several potholes on  block going Westbound on Del Cerro Blvd.
Potholes in 4th Lane eastbound
Potholes in 3rd Lane eastbound
Repaired pothole is sinking.
Multiple potholes at the corner of Balboa ave eastbound and Mercury street
POTHOLE IS 12" WIDE BY 1" DEEP ON W/B NAVAJO IN THE LEFT TURN LANE TO TURN ONTO JAFFE CT
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Asphalt peeling up on Milton St from Cecilia to Penrose
Multiple Potholes from Mission Gorge up to Fontaine Street
Pothole
Pothole at intersection on e-bound lj villa drive / villa la jolla and another one at  off ramp from i-5 south
Pot hole
Pothole
ALLEY FULL OF P/HS AND DETERIORATING
POTHOLE
Pothole NB Euclid north of Fir
Pothole forming on new pavement
Right as you exit 8 freeway onto Waring (going east), pothole in left lane.
Big pothole with large chunks of asphalt around it. Difficult to see until you're right about to hit it.
Pothole big enough to blow out my car tire.
I live in 11183 Kelowna Rd zip code 92126, there?s about I mile of the road may have about 20+ big and small pothole, one of the pothole made my tire flat and then I need to repair it. I hope  problem will get taking care of it as soon as possible thank you.
Huge pothole that can cause major damage and a lot of road corrosion. Tree roots also come up from under the asphalt causing street damage.
Pothole needs to be filled.
 the middle of the intersection pothole next to one of the water shut-off caps
giant hole
On the east side of Clairemont Dr. going north, just before the corner at Balboa, near the curb. Fairly deep pothole need to be filled.

Multiple potholes
2 foot by 1 foot by 6+ inches deep pothole at corner of India and Redwood.   is an extreme hazard to motorcycle riders and bicyclists.   There is another 1 foot by 1 foot at 3175  India at the intersection with Terracina that is almost as bad.
On the east side of Genesee Ave just before Mt. Etna, near the driveway of Vallarta Express is a huge pothole that needs to be filled.  Every time we go to Home Depot we seem to hit it.
Multiple potholes
Moraga Ave from Monair Dr. down to Balboa is in desperate need of repair.This section has been neglected in previous repairs for several years.
Pot hole in left hand turn lane (closest to center divider)turning from convey onto aero Dr.
Deep pothole at iturning onto knoxville
huge pothole  on s/b geneesee before mt edna dr in the middle left lane
6809 Avenida Andorra
Huge pothole in northbound lane near light!
HUGE multiple potholes on Kelowna Rd. furthermore, an underground tree root has lifted the pavement considerably. please fix ASAP. thank you.
large pothole right in front of the exit from General omics on Dunhill St/ Tower Rd.
Pothole on the corner of Londonderry Ave and Woodlawn Dr. The pothole is 2'x 3' and 10" deep.
Very bad tire-damaging bumps on the road on Twin Trails Dr by Sundance Elementary School
Pothole
2 feet in diameter
Inside lane huge pothole
The road is buckling and cracking in the bike lane. There is a cone in front of it at most times, but it requires cyclists to enter into traffic going 70 mph to avoid the road buckling
Huge pot holes near the intersection of Miralani and Camino Ruiz and continuing on Camino Ruiz until jade Coast. I'm worried of popping a tire if I hit one of them. And I see people swerving to miss them.
Pothole
potholes all along ingraham
EB lanes at the intersection with Lake Murray Blvd
Multiple potholes going onto the freeway
3 mediums sized potholes in the middle of the 2 lanes, going west, just after the intersection
Corner of Roca and Horado
Corner of Rios abd Juarez
Multiple DEEP pot holes and a water leak on going for months.
2-3 large potholes in far right lane.
Potholes in intersection
Lots of potholes on Margerum both directions, entire length
Potholes on college
ZOO DRIVE  NEEDS TO BE COMPLETELY RESURFACED.   IT'S ONE BIG POTHOLE.
Massive pothole on Friars Rd when making a left turn from Friars onto Frazee (across from Hazard Center). 's when you're in the right of the two left turn lanes.
Large hole on the south side of the intersection.
REALLY bad!!  Thought I wrecked my right, front tire!!
Two big potholes in right two lanes going eastbound.
Any holes from the Goodwill store to Fairmont heading eastbound
deep pothole on the corner across Morena from Anderson Garden Center
Right at the driveway to turn into the Chevron while heading north on College Ave there is a large pothole.  Thanks.
Going south on College Ave., right past the 8 West on ramp there are two large potholes. Thanks.
There is a large indent and many holes in the street when exiting the 5 freeway onto the 56 freeway exit in the middle lane before and after entering the intersection turning left/East.
There is a pretty vicious pothole on the freeway on ramp to the 163 north.
There is a pothole in that driveway and every time I drive in and out in makes a huge noise and I feel like it will ruin my tires in the future.  is right there on University Ave and Menlo.
Multiple pot holes along El Cajon blvd in front of Bank of America
Large and deep pothole
Pot hole on Rancho Penasquitos Blvd going north from the 15 freeway towards Paseo Montril.  Pothole is in the slow lane before metal rectangle manhole cover.
Pothole in the middle of the intersection of N. Torrey Pines Rd. and La Jolla Shores Drive.
Potholes
Pothole in the middle of the Gilman Dr and Scholars Dr S/Osler Lane intersection.
Pot hole going towards the freeway
Pothole on the chollas parkway street, between University Ave and 54th St
Pothole on Rose St, between 62nd st  and Catoctin Dr.
Hi, there is a huge pothole on  street, I  hit it so hard I almost crashed. The large portion of the street needs to be repaved, However, there is a big dangerous pothole that needs immediate attention. And then later a lot of the street need to be repaved. Thank you
Pothole
Multiple potholes at the intersection of Mt. Aguilar Dr. and Auburndale St and Petit St, San Diego, CA 92111
Large pothole.  5th request
On the northbound side of Camino Santa Fe, just south of Carroll Rd, there is a huge pothole that is constantly filled with water. I think there might be a broken water pile under the road in addition to the pothole.
Pothole
Potholes
Two potholes westbound Pomerado rd.
LARGE POT HOLE IN ROAD, please fill :)
very deep pothole
Large pothole on eastbound Pomerado Road in the middle of the intersection
Large pothole
HIGH PRIORITY. LARGE 2-foot pothole westbound Pomerado Road 40 feet west of the intersection
HUGE POTHOLE!!
Tons of potholes from the Volvo dealership to here
Huge pothole middle of street and smaller ones
Near the crosswalk on westbound Carmel Mountain Road at the intersection of canter Heights DrI saw   morning.  was filled but has since settled / sunk down so the pothole is still there (back again) and needs to be filled again or repaired in a different way.Please acknowledge receipt.
Multiple potholes in and near the intersection of Sorrento Valley Road and Carmel Mountain Road
From the 163 to about Ruffin Road (heading east from the 163), Clairemont Mesa Blvd has many little potholes and the road is in awful condition in the lane closest to the center divide.
Numerous potholes
50 ft stretch of potholes.
Two left lanes going west. Multiple potholes
3 rather larger potholes in right lane
3 large potholes
Pot hole west bound balboa, far right lane, close to mcdonalds
P
Potholes
Three huge potholes
Large pothole
Large pothole
intersection of carmel mt road and sorrento valley rd
Ponding water sitting in potholes in alley
Ingram street as a whole. Main artery of transportation for residents and tourists. Needs repair
Potholes
Several westbound LJParkway from 5 Fwy
There is a huge ditch/pothole in the alley between Churchward St and Manzanares Way. ?s a hazard, the smell is unbearable and vehicles are not able to drive through it due to getting stuck. ?s been like  for at least three weeks and hasn?t dried up. Please have someone take a look and hopefully add gravel to it to make it better. Again, it is in the alley right behind Churchward St.
POT HOLES IN THE PEDESTRIAN WALK WAY , ON G STREET AT 04TH & 05TH.
Potholes on eastbound Monroe Avenue, just before (JWO) Utah Street.
LARGE POTHOLES - MULTIPLE COMPLAINTS HAVE COME INTO THE CITY OF SANTEE REGARDING THIS AREA.  "Several (in excess of 10) potholes on West Hills Parkway northbound from Mission Gorge to Mast. The far right lane has a line of them that actually forms a severe crack. The pothole at the intersection of Carlton Oaks and WHP is the size of a pizza. "
Big pothole
Potholes and severely broken pavement
Pot hole
34th Street, San Diego, CA 92202; This street needs paving it has many potholes.
Asphalt in front of my home is cracking and needs to be repaired.
34th Street San Diego, CA 92102 till the end of J Street needs to be fixed.   has many potholes.
Exit off the 5south freeway onto the 10th ave into downtown two large potholes causeing my tire to bust and bent my tire rim
Series of giant pothole that are going to cause a major accident
Fix one hole today and skiped the three others right next to it
Major, MAJOR chunks of the street are coming up (have been for a while). The city continues to ignore these issues. Many of these holes are over 1 square foot in diameter. This is a critical hazard for all residents on or around  area. Please, please can someone help fix these issues. This road is easily in the worst condition in the entire city.
Huge, vehicle jarring and safety issue (cars swerving to avoid, tire blowout, etc)
Heading west pot holes
Potholes
Multiple potholes on Front Street exit
Lots of different sized holes at the intersection going northbound.
Fix.
When you got on Fairmount Ave expressway to merge onto the 8 East on the third lane I hit a big pothole and it really made a big noise when I drove over it.
In the intersection of Murray Ridge and Mission Center Road/Raejean
pothole in intersection of Nautilus and Fay Ave located east side


4 potholes in from of 5149 & 5158 Streamview... plus on start of Streamview Place
Pothole on Gurnard and Santo Rd next to the NEX gas station.
Massive potholes throughout  intersection totally unsafe
Multiple potholes coming out of SDSU turning onto College Ave
Multiple potholes going underneath over pass all the way up to the light
Rows of large potholes in the 3rd Lane westbound
Rows of large potholes in the intersection
pot hole going west , hole keeps getting bigger on clairmont mesa blvd
Large Pot Holes Eastbound #1?Lane
Lots of potholes traveling west bound on Genesee Av in the right lane as you come off the I-163. Contact is Bobbi at 858-945-8989
#1 Eastbound Lane
There is a pothole located in the middle of Solita Ave., 25' east of 67th St.
Potholes formed after the rains last week they are pretty bad. On Balboa Ave heading west just past Cannington Dr.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Many large potholes along Miramar rd.    Like 2ft or bigger.   West bound.  Middle lane.  Towards the western half of the road
Deep about 1 foot
There are potholes and uneven pavement across the entirety of Pacifica Drive from the bottom to the top of the hill. This is extremely dangerous for drivers and damaging to vehicles.
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
large pot hole in front of Arco on Auto Circle 92108
pothole AT INTERSECTION
E/B GOVERNOR @ GENESEE, RIGHT LANE @ YELLOW X WALK LINE..2" DEEP
So many potholes and patches, really hard on the tires/car. The whole neighborhood needs help.
There are 3 different areas of large potholes between the intersection of via de la Valle and el Camino real ,  and Arroyo Rosita (street further east) in Del Mar next to the polo fields. Potholes are in both lanes,  in the right lane if you are heading east there is 1 large one, and then 2 more large potholes in the opposite lane heading west. it is creating a dangerous situation as i've seen cars swerve to avoid them suddenly and go off the road to avoid them.
the on and off ramps at Federal are so trashed and potholes all re-patched and need to be redone. 's terrible in the surrounding area, side streets all messed up too.
Pothole southbound Genesee right lane
Another pothole on southbound Genesee in the right lane
Another pothole on southbound Genesee in the right lane
Many potholes SB Genesee between Mt Alifan & Genesee Ct
You Guys just repaved the streets and some bozo drove on the wet asphalt leaving deep tire tracks. You can follow them to their $6 million home. Please charge them to repair it- we've waited 20years to get the street done! Also when will they finish the other side by Glenwick Lane?
There are scores of potholes
POT HOLE AT THE PEDESTRIAN WALK WAY
There are multiple deep potholes in the street along Euclid Ave. between Imperial Ave. and Logan Abe
POT HOLES
SINKHOLE 2' DEEP X 2' WIDE
Pretty large pothole right before the stop sign. Can be hard to see when pulling out of the gas station
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT  CALLER  VERY UPSET, DIDNT WANT TO GIVE SPECIFIC LOCATION, SAID "IT'S BLOCKS OF POTHOLES"
Heading into Serra Mesa going up mission village drive.  is just before Ronda ave.
Large pothole in the left southbound lane
Going south the left lane in front of Jack in the Box Corporate building
Large pot hole Upas /. 32nd Street Thanks

Going east using the LEFT LANE. There are several potholes on  lane on Montezuma Rd
Potholes
POTHOLE IS GETTING BIGGER
There are major potholes located along B Street  turning on to Park Blvd
Photo for reference from Google Maps. Pothole on the crosswalk going east. Right lane.  the intersection with Yerba Santa
Pothole
There are about 4 to 5 giant potholes on the land that leads to the on ramp for the 8 east
Potholes
Lots of potholes
About 7 large potholes. Each approximately 1 foot x 2 feet.
Lots of potholes.
Huge pothole in left turning lane and fare left lane
Potholes
On Elm Ave from 18th St. to Saturn Blvd. the street has so many potholes. The whole street needs to be repaved.
POTHOLE IN NB#2 LANE SOUTH OF INTERECTION. 8IN DEEP
Intersection of Westview Pkwy to Mira Mesa Blvd going toward the I-15 ramps
There are about 20 pot holes in various sizes in a line on the south side of the road.
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Large pothole #2 S/B lane 12400 El Camino Real
Intersection and turn lane leading to it heading north have severe potholes



Lots of damaging pot holes. There is no way to avoid these
Terrible multiples in the turn lane
Potholes
Many potholes on marlesta drive especially near Mesa college
Potholes on genessee after marlesta  drive heading north up to Balboa
The left lane, from I-15 to Shoal Creek, has numerous potholes
Various Pot holes on the corner of Balboa Ave & Ruffin Road

There are several very large potholes on Balboa Ave both east and westbound between Genesee and the 805 freeway.  Someone is going to either get in an accident or do major damage to their car.
s in the center of 5th ave the crosswalk it's in between 5th and G st.




10 foot long wide crack in road
There is a patch of road that was recently fixed at the intersection of Sorrento Valley Blvd and Roselle St. Unfortunately it is very warped now and causes cars to either go over it very slowly or they go fast causing the cars to bounce at  busy intersection / freeway entrance. Thank you for looking into .
Several pot holes clustered across the west lane. This has been repaired several times and needs better solution.

pothole located on the west side of the street in front of 5050 Bianca ave.


North bound College, the left lane, just south of the Del Cerro and College intersection has a bad pothole that is invisible at night. This needs fixing right away before it causes an accident. Thanks

Potholes on Tierrasanta and Clairemont. Potholes from the high school down to 52 entrance
Two large potholes at the meeting of Gurnard and Santo, drainage apron

Potholes
Pothole in the southbound right lane of Clairemont Drive.
There are still huge potholes in  area. Especially close to the stop light. 's a bad image of San Diego since it's right by the airport.
very bad potholes in front of wendys
2ND REQUEST:  4500 block to 4700 block of Seminole Dr. Really BIG potholes. So many you can't avoid them anymore.
2ND REQS: POTHOLE STILL LOCATED NEAR CURB
There are numerous potholes and uneven lanes along Sorrento Valley Blvd between Roselle and Vista Sorrento. There is a large pothole on northbound Vista Sorrento just south of Sorrento Valley Blvd. Roselle between Sorrento Valley Blvd and the I-5 onramp has exposed sewer and appears to be missing the top layer of asphalt/pavement.
Between I-15 and Bernardo Ctr Drive there are potholes and long, wide gaps in the westbound section of Camino del Norte. There is also VERY choppy road here that tires and suspension are getting banged up on along  stretch of road. This is my SECOND request. The 1st request has still not been closed (02486720), nor is it showing on your map of areas to be repaired so I'm putting it in again. That first request was from almost a MONTH AGO, on Jan 16, 2019. Please repair!! Extra gas tax money has been in the system for 1 year, 3 months.
Your red marker will not reflect Camino Del Norte. This request is for Camino del Norte. Eastbound just east of the I-15. Chopped up road. Please repair.
2 potholes on the right lane going west between 54th St and Yierba Santa
Going north several potholes on the Left Lane going north. Between Montezuma and the 8 Freeway traffic signal
On Carmel Mountain Road, between Camino del Norte and Rancho Carmel Rd all the lanes are FULL of potholes, wide gaps in the lanes that tires are falling into. This is Westbound on Carmel Mtn Road. This is the 2nd request for  stretch of road. Your map view of the "View Reports" section is not showing a marker for  area to be repaired. The 1st request was 02492208 from Jan 24th. Please get a marker so the public knows about  area. 's so inefficient for it to not be posted on your "view reports" section.
Going north on Fairmount 2 potholes. One on the left lane and one on the right lane. Between the 8 Freeway EXIT traffic signal and the 8 underpass
This work request is for CARMEL COUNTRY ROAD-your red marker won't reflect the correct street no matter how many times I move it.   the right turn after exiting 56 West onto Carmel Country Road there is a huge pothole. Tires are falling into and ruining suspension. Please repair. Please put a marker on your list of reports to be efficient.
Series of potholes - a series of potholes is developing on the east bound lanes of 56 east of Carmel creek. This includes the merge/entry lanes.
This is for WEST UNIVERSITY AVE, not Ibis St. I can't get your red marker to reflect that. This is a 2nd request for  area. First request was 02478016 from Jan 5, 2019. For some strange reason  was referred to CalTrans. This is a city street area, at least 1/2 mile away from the I-5. Please repair.
Major potholes everywhere on  road fir past 2 years ENOUGH IS ENOUGH
Potholes in  intersection, (Windcrest & Shoal Creek and Royal Melbourne & Shoal Creek, same intersection....) many potholes!  Please fix , 2nd or 3rd time fixing so first attempts have failed !!!
Pothole

Several large potholes on Una St, right off the intersection with Main St
Exit 21 from I-5N ramp
Pothole
Lots of potholes.
Pothole at Logan - Euclid crossing heading north
Between I-15 and Bernardo Ctr Drive there are potholes and long, wide gaps in the westbound section of Camino del Norte. There is also VERY choppy road here that tires and suspension are getting banged up on along  stretch of road. This is my SECOND request. The 1st request has still not been closed (02486720), nor is it showing on your map of areas to be repaired so I'm putting it in again. That first request was from almost a MONTH AGO, on Jan 16, 2019. Please repair!! Extra gas tax money has been in the system for 1 year, 3 months.
Pothole on the left side right next to the median going east on Lake Murray looks like it's been made worse by the rain pretty large
BAD POTHOLE AT EUCLID & CERVANTES RIGTHT LANE N/B
ENTIRE STREET covered in potholes Siri claims that it's been fixed but nothing has been Text entire street is undrivable it's going to pop somebody's tire the whole thing needs to be re-paved
Giant pothole that makes you bottom out even when going very slow
Potholes all up and down  stretch of cowles mountain Boulevard entire street need to re-paving terrible terrible conditions
Huge potholes under the 805
Lots of potholes on the exit ramp off Seaworld
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes
S/B RIGHT LANE
11010 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92124
11010 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92124
Huge hole that can?t be seen very well, especially in the dark. Santo rd on the other side near  same intersection is also a huge mess after all the recent rainfall we?ve gotten! Someone?s car is going to get seriously damaged here if not fixed ASAP!
Potholes and badly damaged asphalt at  location.  Decade long problem.  Not sure why the devastated roads around  location have been ignored for so many years when other areas of the city are getting potholes filled in days, not decades.   Major damaged from 2017 in  area still not fixed.
Three potholes in the middle of the street in front of my driveway. Difficult to back up without hitting one of them. Called SD Water Company on 2/8/19 and spoke to Rosanna. She said she would create a work order and it should take 72 hours to fix. Nothing has been done yet. Please fix ASAP. Thank you, Margot Alfano
POTHOLES JUST BEFORE THIS ADDRESS LEFT LANE W/B
Pot hole in the right lane westbound.
Turn lane on garnet pot hole.
Giant potholes on  road
cracks and pot holes
Potholes on the street in front of my driveway I have tripped over those potholes in the past. I was out of work for almost 3 months from an injury due to the potholes.
Giant pothole
There are significant potholes at the corner of Palm Avenue and Saturn Blvd. They are at the corner where the IHOP is located.  There is no avoiding them when traveling west on Palm and turning right onto Saturn.  I struck them at night when traveling east on Palm and turning left onto Saturn to go into the Southland Shopping Center.  Today, I witnessed cars having to slow down quite a bit to maneuver through them.  But at night, they are not visible.
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
LARGE POTHOLES IN SOUTH BOUND LANE IN THIS AREA AND SOUTHWARD.
Large pothole opened up in southbound left lane
Giant pothole causing issues for thousands of residents each day
Potholes down Clairemont mesa boulevard. From 5000 block to Garfield Hospital
There is a pothole in the middle of the street on westbrook ave and grove view road.
test - parent
Potholes on off-ramp from Friars Rd to Mission Village Dr.
Pot hole
Lots of pot holes throughout Paseo Del Verano.
There is a group of potholes which seems to be about 5 feet long on the right lane when driving onto the 8 freeways. The potholes are all different depths so it feels as if the car could lose control depending on someone's speed. 's unsafe to take a picture of the road since it is a freeway entrance.
street all along milton deteriorated
pothole in wb lanes

Lots of potholes on La Jolla Parkway between Torrey Pines Rd and the I-5. Contact is Bobbi at 858-945-8989
Lots of potholes heading south bound on Clairemont Mesa Bl from I-52 to Luna Av. Contact is Bobbi at 858-945-8989
There are a couple of large potholes on  stretch of Adelaide Avenue.
POTHOLES THROUGHOUT THE WHOLE STREET
S/B & N/B POTHOLES
Lots of potholes from Linda Vista Road to Highway 163 on Genesee in both directions. Cars swerving to avoid them. Very dangerous.
Middle of Pomerado Rd  at intersection of Bernardo Heights Parkway
Pothole
POTHOLE
Deep pothole in #1 lane near raised median needs patching.  Hazardous!
Several large and deep potholes have opened up (and are growing) in both east and west bound lanes on San Dieguito Road roughly from Old El Camino Real to El Camino Real.
POTHOLE IN INTERSECTION
For the love of God fix Ingraham street
Pot hole / possible sink hole
Laurel street is all ripped up.  I almost ended up in a ditch because of a deep pothole.
Multiple or holes and debris
Two potholes in the middle of the street
Pothole in lane going down to the free way
Multiple potholes in both lanes going all the way up to the light
Numerous potholes on Fairmont going North from Aldine to the Montezuma bridge, and also to the 8 freeway.
There are several pot holes along  stretch of Airway road, starting here and heading west to the intersection of La Media and Airway Road.
p/hs all long west hills pwky-nb lanes before the bridge
Rim buster # 1 lane west bound
There are multiple huge potholes at the corner of New Salem St. & Camino Ruiz, by Walgreens & the Public Library.  These have been there for months now & are getting bigger each day.  Cars are going around the potholes to avoid getting tires & tire rim damage.  Pedestrians are also walking around the potholes & into traffic lanes to avoid them which is unsafe.
A large pothole at the intersection of Jade Coast Road and Parkdale Avenue.
Several large potholes at the intersection of Mira Mesa Blvd and Camino Ruiz.
A pothole on southeast-bound Main St, just before you get to the Hwy 5 bridge. A pothole in the right-hand lane. That hole has been patched before and has subsequently expanded. So it's between the Hwy5 overpass to the south and Yama St to the north along southeast-bound Main St. Pothoile is about 1 ft across and a couple inches deep.
There is still a large chunk/pothole in the northbound freeway where the wrong-way driver coming up the off-ramp hit that car and caused a major accident several months ago (Aug 2018). The large chunk in the freeway (where the pavement is still black from the fires) not only is dangerous to cars moving at high speeds, but is also a constant reminder of what happened that day (it crosses my mind on a daily basis on my way to work).  Reference Article: http://www.cbs8.com/story/38958715/mclaren-driver-in-deadly-wrong-way-805-freeway-crash-identified
There is a major pothole on Carmel Mountain Road between Rancho Carmel Dr and Highland Ranch Road.  This is very serious and I almost lost control of my vehicle.
P/H IN STREET
POTHOLE N/B QUALCOMM WY EAST OF FRIARS BESIDE VA BUILDING. TIRE DAMAGE
City added another layer of gravel to the alley a few months ago, but the rain has pushed all of  gravel onto Upas St and the sidewalks, making it extremely dangerous and non-ACA compliant. When cars drive down Upas, it flings rocks dangerously at people on the sidewalk. This alley needs to be paved.  Upas St, between Hermann and 32nd.
3 large potholes in far right lane of eastbound Miramar Rd.
Potholes
Extremely large and deep pothole in alley between Maryland and Cleveland and between Monroe and Madison. Poor drainage area that fills up with tons of water during rain.
Multiple potholes
Laurel, both E and W is falling apart where road construction was performed. Water may undermine road from one crack to the next! 's the main road from airport to park!!
Between 163 and Linda vista road.  The East bound and west bound lanes have multiple potholes.
Genesse East from Linda Vista is full of potholes all the way to the 163 bridge
Pothole
p/h oon right side of st
Pothole in the southbound lane of Mt. Acadia Blvd.
Corner of Knoxville and Morena heading west on morena. Left lane. Two more as you head west.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Big pothole when you make a right on ingulf heading north.
On national ave and 37th is a large pothole and cannot be missed. Needs to be filled. Many cars pass and hit it continuously. This pot hole has been here for weeks now. If you drive up to the site you can see. As a passenger I tried my best to take a picture in the rainy dark street.
Terrible pot holes corner of San Dieguito Road and El Camino
Pothole on south side of Winding Creek Dr as you turn from Jackson Drive.
Pothole forming into a sinkhole at intersection of 14th & E st.
Coming westbound turning right from imperial ave to 16th there's a huge pothole.
Large pothole.  South side of street on Catalina Blvd.
Please raise the urgency of SAP# 040300094848!!! The road condition is accidents and damage to cars waiting to happen and way beyond filling in the occasional pothole. This is a heavily traveled road with poor chances for detours.
Westbound Camino Del Norte, 100 ft past Bernardo Center Dr.  Dangerous deep ruts and pothole due to recent rains caused motorcycle to veer from middle to far right lane, almost causing serious accident with multiple vehicles.
Pothole on east side of the street
There are multiple potholes on Worden Street between Adrien and Pollack.
Pothole in the alley
Whole Street has potholes, but it's real bad  near the Ralph's
Large pothole going north on Euclid. Please repair
Large crack that is hard to miss in the middle of a curve. Headed north.
2 ft x 1 ft pothole
Pot hole in the middle of 4 way stop sign off Via Del Campo Ct.
Major vehicle damaging pothole at end of I-5 South on-ramp off of Via De La Valle (transition from asphalt to concrete surface)
Large pothole because of rain in the intersection between golden haven and Towne center.
Huge pothole/street falling apart due to rain. A piece of concrete comes up if you drive over it.
Pothole on eastbound Del Mar Heights Road at Durango Drive.
Major potholes in middle/right lane as you are about to go over the 805.
Huge pot hole in the west turn lane to Taylor St from Hotel Circle North. 's s detoir that must be taken since Morena exit off the I8 is closed. The whole section leading to Taylor is in shambles
A MASSIVE POTHOLE ON THE ENTIRE NORTHBOUND LANE OPENED UP HERE. ITS DEEP AND DANGEROUS. PLEASE REPAIR ASAP
GOING NORTH BETWEEN MONTEZUMA RD AND THE 8 FREEWAY. SEVERAL POTHOLES ON THE LEFT LANE. SEVERAL POTHOLES ON THE MIDDLE LANE. A LOT OF POTHOLES ON THE RIGHT LANE. THIS WEEKS STORM MADE THEM ALL WORSE
Several potholes going north on both the left and right lanes.
Pothole on the left lane going north
On the left lane going north I saw a pothole near the median divider.
3 large potholes. 2 in center lane in middle of intersection of Front St. and West E St. 1 in right lane in middle of 900 block on Front St.
Huge pothole that popped my passenger front tire. Very dangerous
Pot hole can we fill again please. Thanks
Right before Laurel heading toward the airport there is a huge pothole in the middle lane.
2300 Cardinal Road

Large Pothole
Giant pothole
A couple of potholes on offramp from 94 onto 30th St.
Major pot hole in middle of the road. Murray ridge rd and mission center rd
Pothole on left hand side of right driving lane, just past Westview Parkway, before the 15S freeway entrance. Quite deep/almost pulled off my tire!
Massive pothole outside liquor store; north side of Washington (westbound lane).
Multiple potholes throughout street that are becoming difficult to avoid due to cars parked on the street and multiple potholes in the same area that are getting bigger
Extremely dangerous group of pot holes on the entrance to the 8 freeway from Fairmount. One is over a foot in diameter and the others are probably a foot or less in diameter. They cover almost the entire right lane of the two lanes coming off of Fairmount.
Balboa ave towards 805, at the Mt. Alifan intersection near the Autozone corner. Massive pothole.
Big pothole in the middle of the street.
On right side near sidewalk
A small pothole yesterday has turned into a large one overnight and street is littered with debris flung all over by cars and trucks.  Cars coming off 805 and heading north on Murray Ridge drive incredibly fast through the light at intersection with Mission Center Road and fast-moving vehicles fling street debris everywhere.   night they can't see the hole so it got much worse overnight.  Now that's it's daylight more are able to see it and avoid it but not all of them do.  's also right at a city bus stop. 's only going to get wider and deeper with the rain and the amount of traffic that Murray Ridge gets.
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ALLEY IN BETWEEN DUPONT ST AND PIO PICO ST, SINKHOLE FORMING IN THE DIRT, 3-4 FT WIDE AND 2 FT DEEP, PLEASE CALL AND MEET BRUCE DAILEY 6195784945
Uneven unsafe pavement would kill a cyclist last patch did not address uneven pavement
s on rosselle Street just after the train tracks on the way to the 5 South on-ramp
In front on shell, might have a flat tire due to 
Several large potholes are damaging vehicles as they head south on front street.
Pothole in the middle of the intersection of Rancho Penasquitos Blvd and Azuaga St.
Pothole on La Jolla Shores Drive near Redwood Drive and Azul St.
SINKHOLE FORMING ON E/B VIA CAPRI GOING TOWARDS LA JOLLA SCENIC S, MARK 8582480654
Eastbound Miramar Road along curb, just west of Kearny Villa Road, is a large pothole that needs to be filled.
P/H IN NB LANES
Large pothole in middle eastbound lane of Balboa
On Front St, Starting from the block of Broadway ALL the way down to middle of F st......SDG&E a few weeks ago had destroyed the street and never did a great job of patching it up.  Theses potholes are huge!! please fix ASAP
Big pothole five or six of them forming please come and fix  immediately
POTHOLES
BAD P/HS WITH STANDING WTR. REFERRED BY WTR DEPT
with the recent repaving of Mercy rd. from the 15 freeway to Black Mountain Rd 9800 - 9100 Mercy Rd. san diego CA, 92129, the manhole covers are now so recessed that they form potholes that jerk/bounce my car as I cross them. The major problem is in the westbound downhill side of the road on the inside lane. I recommend that the asphalt lips surrounding the manhole covers be ground down to about a 30 degree pitch. The map is not able to accurately identify the location as being "9800 - 9100 Mercy Rd. san diego CA, 92129"

Large deep pothole in center lane of east bound Rancho Bernardo Road just before the intersection with West Bernardo Drive
3 FT POTHOLE
Large potholes in road
Large pothole in intersection
Potholes in northbound lanes
Large pothole near Shell
Deep hole about 6 inches and approximately 12x18 inches. Maybe sometime after the rains stop eh. Pretty deep and getting deeper with each idiot who drives through it instead go going to the side of it.
Large pot hole as you turn from Torrey Pines to La Jolla Village states if fits a tire.
The entire Harbor Drive is full of potholes on both sides of the road; I had to pay $1,400.00 to have my car repaired, these are dangerous and need fixing
CAR DAMAGING POT HOLE CONSUMER WANTS BARRICADES UP R FOR IT TO BE FIXED.
When turning left onto the Sorrento valley boulevard severe pothole in the number to left turn lane
After exit 17, toward Front StreetTwo deep, 10 inches potholes
Large Pot hole
There is about 6 pot holes that are pretty bad. The holes are getting bigger and bigger. The pot holes also constantly throw debris in the air.
four potholes in right lane from I-52 to Moraga Av on Clairemont Mesa Bl. Please contact Bobbi to discuss at 858-945-8989
Potholes up-and-down Milton Street
Large Path hole at intersection 44th st and Redwood st
PLEASE FIX POTHOLES IN ALLEY BEHIND 3980 DEL MAR AV.
Large series of potholes in the northbound side of travel. Potholes are in the farthest left lane.
Potholes in the fair right northbound lane of travel
Pothole in the left hand lane
Potholes running up Laurel to Front street . There are two long strips in the middle driving up the hill. The city should have been working on all the potholes around San Diego way before the rains came .
Major potholes. The entire section from 163 to Linda Vista needs repaving. One of the worst roads in SD mayor Faulkner.
Large pothole in the westbound #2 lane at 550 Washington St.
Pot hole west bound. Turning lane.
Stretch from Chapman to midway needs overlaying.. Tons of pot holes!!
Multiple potholes on southbound lanes starting before 8 West exit ramp.
On vsp nb before SVR intersection
Big pothole on right lane going east on Palm in front of Arco
Multiple potholes on southbound lane on right shoulder before Adams Avenue and College Ave intersection
H U G E. H O L E S!!!  There WILL be accidents from . There are two and they are very very dangerous.
Big pothole in street
POTHOLES ON MORENA (BOTH DIRECTIONS) FROM BAKER TO TICONDERGOA

LARGE POTHOLE
Numerous potholes on genesse heading towards Linda vista road
Huge pothole.
2 large potholes south bound just at intersection of Balboa Ave in the left lane approximate location.
Many potholes northbound
Dozens of Huge potholes 12" diameter or larger west bound Genneese starting east of Richland near center median all the way to Linda Vista Rd.

Big bottle
Huge pothole at 32 $ J street  right before you reach the stop sign.  Please fix!
Pot holes in the intersection on south side of blvd
Pothole in the left lane, southbound on Genessee, immediately South of Mt etna
The street outside of Pershing Middle School, pretty much the entire street is riddled with potholes.
Innumerable potholes and the asphalt resurfacing job gone wrong along Milton Street between Illion Street and Burgener Blvd.     Thanks for checking it out!
Pothole
Sinkhole forming at intersection.
Two potholes traveling east bound at Everts St and Grand Av.
Big ol pothole
North/westbound lane.  2 feet in dia. filled with water.  Lots of loose debris covering the road.

Street is sinking  on Waring Rd 20ft n of Eldridge. Consumer states just repaired.,
Pothole in the right lane traveling south on Genessee in the intersection with Balboa Ave

Pothole
Multiple potholes on Kettner Blvd at W Grape St intersection.
Numerous potholes at the northeast corner in front of the bus stop
Deep pothole
Large pothole on W Hawthorn and Kettner Blvd intersection.
Huge potholes right after you cross the railroad tracks going toward Interstate 5 northbound
Pot hole on the South side of Diane Ave just after the clairemont Mesa intersection
Potholes
There is a giant pot hole that just blew my front driver side tire. I would like to be reimbursed for !! Please contact me ASAP.
Quite a few pot holes in  general area
Multiple potholes unavoidable on genessee ave before the stoplight on Richland St.
POTHOLES
Guy between Pringle and Keating is a disaster. I need to access  road to get to my driveway.  is practically unpaved ,  full of bumps and potholes.On rainy days the road gets really slick and slippery. If I lose control of the car going down the hill, or have any kind of accident, you have been warned: I will SUE. The condition of  road is a disaster waiting to happen.
Pot holes in the middle of intersection

There is a VERY LARGE AND DERP WHOLE ON COLUMBIA AND ASH STREET, as you drive down ash meet up a Columbia a huge deep pot hole in the right lane; it needs to be fixed it is really huge, deep and stretching quite a length across, it needs repair
Big pot holes, needs to be fixed, it?s very dangerous some drivers tries to avoid the pot holes and merges to the other lane
Street is falling apart and crumbling
Pothole on south facing Genessee ave at the intersection of Balboa snd Genessee
P/H WAS COVERED WITH PLATE, P/H HAS GROWN
 the intersection between Camino San Bernardo and Via Del Campo, Major pothole by the steel plates laid down to cover construction. The left lane has a hidden pothole on top of the metal plates that is invisible at night time, the right lane has a shitty re-pavement over where the metal plate used to be that makes it almost unsafe to drive over in the rain.
I work for Caltrans and every day I get off the 163 at Claremont Mesa Blvd. The area in between where I get off the highway and my yard on Opportunity Rd has some of the worst, deepest potholes I have ever hit. To the point where I have to swerve to avoid them. They have been there for years.
P/H
P/H
CAR DAMAGE  TO MULTIPLE CARS  IN FRONT OF MISSION BAY HIGH SCHOOL FROM POT HOLE
Two potholes about 50 feet apart #1 lane westbound. These were patched after the last storm.  Maybe the need to be done a different way so they stay
pothole # 3 lane eastbound. Was patched after the last storm.  Maybe it needs to be done a different way so it stays
Large pothole that has gotten extensively deeper possibly due to rain, causes damage to bumpers of cars due to it's depth.
Pot hole blew out my tire on mission gorge rd after princess view heading toward old cliffs rd
Several small pot holes at  location including a large, jolting one just east of intersection in north lane near a power pole.
TEETH SHATTERING POTHOLE WEST SIDE HEADING SOUTHBOUND
3 X 3 FT P/H
Many potholes, street is falling apart especially with the rain.
There is a major pothole in  location. This evening someone blew a tire. There is a lot of running water in the area, that may have caused the pavement to wash away.
Alley has a combination of potholes AND 'raised' pavement in one location. Close to IMPASSABLE with small car !! Pls do a site visit !Thank you!
There are multiple, significant, jarring potholes on Balboa Ave between the 805 and Genesee Ave....
There are multiple, significant, jarring potholes on Balboa Ave between the 805 and Genesee Ave....
There are multiple, significant, jarring potholes on Balboa Ave between the 805 and Genesee Ave....
WB LANE BEFORE TRAIN TRACKS AT KETTNER OR INDIA INTERSECTION
There are multiple, significant, jarring potholes on Balboa Ave between the 805 and Genesee Ave....
large pot hole at corner of tune craft ...
2FT X 1FT P/H
There are multiple, significant, jarring potholes on Balboa Ave between the 805 and Genesee Ave. You can't see the holes at night. My car possibly, just possibly, has a  leaking cylinder and leaking struts after tonight.  The addresses I listed are estimates.
Pothole
Heading westbound on Balboa Ave on 2/14/19 around 7:30 PM, there were multiple very deep pot holes in the road (>3 inches deep) in the left lane. I saw many of them on the stretch of Balboa Ave between the cross streets of Charger Blvd and Genesee Ave. These pot holes are deep enough to possibly damage vehicles if hit at speeds over 10-20 mph.
1FT X 4 IN DEEP
3ft x 3ft Pot hole on west side of intersection where asphalt and concrete meet. Hole filled with water unable to see depth. Hole worsens by the day
Potholes all the way from Summerdale Rd to Westmore Rd. s ruining our vehicles and causing many hazards, even with walking, with all of the road debris flying up when cars go through  area.
Multiple huge putholes
OPEN TRENCH ASPHALT SUNKEN
2250 DEL MAR HEIGHTS RD30 FT DEEP POTHOLE AT CREST CANYON PARK 20 MTRS IN DIAMETER PER PD 200 YARDS OFF THE ROAD ON THE WALKING TRAIL ALSO GAVE THE ADDR OF 1439 ORIBIA RD
P/H 3X4 WIDE 1FT DEEP
Northeast corner of the Morena/Knoxville intersection has a huge pothole.  If you travel westbound on Morena & are making a right turn onto Knoxville you will hit it.
P/H
Huge pot hole getting bigger. Standing water hides it's true size. Potential to damage tire.
Potholes and uneven pavement from previous road work
Potholes and uneven pavement from previous road work
Potholes on both southbound and northbound
Multiple potholes and large cracks in road

large pothole
All up and down potholes
Pothole at Madison Ave and 32nd Street leading to the 805 northbound on ramp
Potholes
The whole street by the km rec
Pothole
Pot holes past hydrant to office pods.
4 large potholes in the left turn lane to enter the 163.  Missing cones as well.  15 year problem at  location.
Very bad pothole just west of train tracks
Pot Hole in southbound lane @ 825 Boundary St
Pot Hole in southbound lane at 819 Boundary St.
Deep and dangerous potholes scattered on northbound Fairmount Ave from Montezuma Rd all the way to the 8 ramps. Especially the right lane. Please repair ASAP
LARGE aprrox 6-12" deep pothole in the #1 lane of WB Clairemont Mesa Blvd @ the intersection of Industrial Park Driveway.
5-6 potholes (including one GIANT) in middle lane
LARGE pothole middle lane
This whole intersection in all direction is breaking up pretty bad. we can now see the thickness of the side manhole cover.  Various potholes appearing everywhere here. See photo
N/B FLORIDA DR GOING TOWARDS UPAS THERE IS A PATCH OF ASPHALT THAT LOOKS DIFFERENT THAN THE STREET AND A POTHOLE EXISTS
N/B FLORIDA DR GOING TOWARDS UPAS THERE IS A PATCH OF ASPHALT THAT LOOKS DIFFERENT THAN THE STREET AND A POTHOLE EXISTS
There is a new very deep pothole here.  I can't provide a picture as there is no where to stop.  As you turn North from Tecolote  Road on to Morena Blvd  there is a DEEP hole.  I drove over it last evening and the undercarriage of my car hit bottom.  This should be considered urgent and fixed now.  This is a very busy intersection and  hole will cause someone to lose control of their vehicle.
Pot hole
Between Broadway and E Street there are 2 large potholes. (Ground sinking in for one of them).  I put in a ticket but you closed it and said it was taken care of.  Someone put 1 orange cone next to the smaller one by the corner but nothing has been fixed. They are both still there and they are deep.  Please fix them








About 1.5 feet in diameter,  3-4 inches deep
Pothole right before you get to the stop sign.
Large potholes on the west side of the tracks at Sorrento Valley Blvd just as you turn right on Roselle St. to go to 5 south.  Not only are the potholes large enough to do some serious damage to a vehicle, it is severely slowing down traffic.
There are numerous potholes on Navajo Road between College Avenue and Parkridge. The right turn area from College to Navajo is particularly bad.
Huge deep hole going to wreck a lot of car tires #1 lane northbound
Pothole
Pothole that was fixed (westbound Washington at 5th ave) needs to be fixed again.
This is damage left by workers who replaced pipes. This street is frequently used by ambulances going to Sharp Memorial campus. These gashes are at least 6inches deep or deeper and there is no way to avoid them.
Pot holes both sides of the street Broadway to Lanning on Harbor Dr.
Pot holes and cracked asphalt 32nd to Park both directions.
Construction company left the road seriously uneven and really bumpy. Now there's pot holes surfacing in the whole area of the intersection. You have to drive onto the coming traffic lane,if there's no cars coming, to avoid the potholes, and the bumps or drive ever so slowly to minimize the jostling that happens when driving over the bumps.
Northbound/westbound side of Genesee, multiple large potholes between Richland and Linda Vista Rd.
PER CALTRANS SEVERAL LARGE POTHOLES IN INTERSECTION 3-6FT WIDE
Large pothole at the intersection next to the cross walk
Multiple +6 potholes in right lane east bound. All at lest 8" deep
Potholes in the concrete in multiple places on Muirlands Dr is not safe to drive anymore
East bound Balboa
Major pothole here
Large pothole forming in the road southbound Pacific highway at the West Washington intersection
Large pothole on on-ramp (merging lane) from La Jolla Village Drive Westbound merging to I-5 Southbound.
Various large and deep potholes
Big pot hole
On the intersection (right curve turn) of Sorrento Valley Rd and Roselle St. Heading towards the freeway 5 south ramp, passing the train tracks that right turn onto Roselle St. are Very big pothole/s! Very dangerous, I'm very afraid I'm going to get a flat tire or get stuck there. The hole is getting bigger. That entire area is Very bad, I hope  can get fixed very soon! 's dangerous to have the pavement  way. I have reported  before and sent in a picture but never heard back.
Major and many potholes right lane east bound
Huge pothole in crosswalk. Contact is Loren at 530-353-7359
Right lane potholes, on Fairmount leading to 8 E/W on ramp
 least 10 potholes when you get off Sorrento Valley road exit on 5 north
Major pothole at intersection of Front St. and E St. Pothole in the middle line.
Pothole
Eastbound Friars Road. Multiple deep potholes on eastbound Friars Road just before Riverdale Street intersection. The recent rains have made existing potholes bigger.
Multiple potholes
Deep potholes
Eastbound Twain Avenue. Huge pothole on eastbound Twain Avenue just after Fairmount Avenue intersection. Recent rain created a huge pothole, may be due to the nearby construction and large trucks too.
Pot Holes, and Cracking Asphalt all along Balboa
Very large pothole on Cedar (eastbound) right before the Fourth St intersection.
Westbound Friars Road. Many large deep potholes on westbound Friars Road in the Number 1 lane and in the left-turn lane just before Rancho Mission Road intersection. Rains have made existing potholes larger. Very deep.
EB Garnet
Kelowna Rd has a lot of potholes and cracks between Zapata Ave and Capricorn Way
Recent construction on the median and road resurfacing has left 2 very large potholes. One on each corner of the southwest and southeast sides of Via del Campo and Rancho Bernardo Rd
Very big hole
Pothole before the metal plate on southwest-bound Campus Point Drive.
Huge potholes 4 ft diameter
4 FT WIDE & 1.5 DEEP (PER STORM WATER EMP)
Lots of hole* and cracks
Lots of holes and cracks
Lots of holes in  road, two ways
I was driving on the 163 freeway and my car went into a deep pothole right before the underpass. I was in the slow lane and the next exit was Friars RD and the 8 freeway. My tire burst and I had to pay for a new tire. How do I get reimbursed for  and how can we get  immediately fixed so it doesn't happen to others?
Pot hole
 8:20 am on January 25th I ran over a pothole.  immediately busted my front driver's side tire and punctured the back driver's side tire and damaged the wheel. This made the car un-drivable. Had to call a tow truck and rent a car until the tires could be replaced and the wheel repaired.
Pot hole
There are tons of huge potholes in the area along Roselle st/sorrento valley blvd.
3ft x 2ft pothole west side of intersection where concrete meets asphalt. Fills with water and worsens every day ***** is. Correction to a previous request made a few hours ago on Angwin****
Lots of potholes on Mission Bay Dr just north of Garnet Av. Contact is Bobbi at 858-945-8989
Large pothole when turning onto sky park ct from ruffin south bound

Several large potholes in westbound lanes of Miramar Rd leading up to the Porsche dealership

Large pothole, multiple sections washed out during recent rain as you enter the onramp to the 805 N from Madison Ave. at 32nd St.
6 POTHOLES IN A ROW, 8" DEEP W/B BALBOA EAST OF CANNINGTON
Deep pothole at the corner of clairemont mesa blvd and diane, when turning left from CMB onto Diane opposite side of the street as Starbucks

POTHOLE  NEAR LA JOLLA RANCHO RD AND RAVENSWORTH, 7 FT LONG AND 14" DEEP
Major pothole about 3 feet long in the middle of a main street  (Euclid)
Pothole on Balboa Ave before Mount Alifan. Popped a tire. About 5 BIG ones from 805 to Mount Alifan.
Pothole at intersection
deep pothole that just formed and you can't see it until you turned and then it's too late
3" DEEP POTHOLE 4'X3' IFO ORGAN PAVILION
LARGE POTHOLE S/B  3FT X 2 FT LONG
giant Pot hole half the length of the cross walk.
Several potholes along curb of the street due to rain and getting larger with rain and cars parking onsite. Request a survey come out to determine rain damge along street between Rancho hills Dr and Cumberland in Paradise Hills Ca. Some sections appear to have been repaired previously on the eastern section of Winchester St and have been damged with rainfall. Soil run off and increasing damage to asphalt is building along the street in intersections and in front of homes. Some areas are becoming soft spots with potential for more potholes to form in larger size and sections. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thank you for your time and service on  matter.
Huge  pothole
Large pothole
3" DEEP POTHOLE 4'X3' IFO ORGAN PAVILION
Deep pot hole
Large, deep rectangular pothole in front of Sundance Elementary School at 8944 Twin Trails Drive, San Diego,CA 92129.  is located in the center lane, on the side of street closest to the school. Dangerous to cars.
Large pot hole in rt lane heading south west on Torrey pinew
Public Utilities Dept has performed work in front of  address in the past, 1. Two potholes are now in two patched areas along cracks in the asphalt on the south side of Perkon Place. 2. There is a sunken area where PUD had performed work in front of 4965 Perkon Place in the middle of the street.
POSSIBLE SINKHOLE S/B
Severe pothole damage at entire intersection of Clairemont Mesa Boulevard and convoy.
Sinkholeinstreet
This little stretch of road is very bad
13122 & 13130 Sundance Ave have developed unavoidable potholes. Was only able to post one picture.
Second sinkhole in street
Large pothole(s) on  street.  least 2.
multiple large and small potholes on crosswalk of new Salem by the library
Intersection of Rodeo Drive and La Jolla Mesa  Drive.
pothole on boardwalk at salem ct.  very dangerous for scooter riders.
Intersection of Nautilus St and Fay Ave.
pothole on boardwalk at or very near Santa Clara pl.  very dangerous for scooter riders
There are at least 10 big potholes on college Ave when existing from I-8 West and driving to the Canyon Crest Dr.
This is the second report I am making on  pothole.  Ref. prior report 02491170 which showed work completed.   apparently was filled but the filling material was not tamped down and subsequent car traffic did that job leaving a hole almost as deep as before the work was done. The pothole is about 15" wide, 2-3 ' long and 6" deep at approximately 4189 Rolando Blvd; a few feet south of University Ave; middle of west side of Rolando Blvd. This area of Rolando Blvd is south of University Ave between the Chevron Station and Party House Liquor.? Location: 4189 Rolando Blvd, San Diego, CA 92115, USA
Severe pothole damage on Clairemont Mesa Boulevard eastbound from Doliva dr To interstate 805
There are 2 enormous potholes in the center lane of the westbound side of Miramar road.
You all closed my original request from Jan 24th, 2019 (request number 02492199). I already responded to that "closed" email on Wednesday (2/12)  as your "closed" message says you can respond. I have not heard back from anyone. As I said in that email to you all on Wed there is absolutely no evidence that any work has been done on the stretch of Carmel Mtn Road between 9300-9700 blocks. Both sides, but worse on the westbound side. I had to put my hazards on to get the photos that I'm including  time. One lady almost hit me. I could not get any further down near the preschool because it would have been even more dangerous at that point. Do citizens now need to risk being hit or having their autos hit b/c you guys do lackadaisical jobs?? If your staff does not want to do  job then you need to hire ppl who will.  Photos below are from 11:15am Feb 15, 2019.
Big pothole
Left turn lane going to aero drive
Pot hole in the middle of street
 Worden southbound and northbound.
This was just repaired. The patch quickly sank/settled and is now gone. Intersection of Carmel Mountain Road and canter Heights dr
Large porthole in left lane going north just south from Paseo del Verano. Another one, also left lane Pomerado rd between /Escala and Vezelay.
Multiple pot holes in intersection heading southbound. Pot holes of various sizes with larger ones in the right lane.
Multiple DEEP potholes on a highly trafficked alley behind Grand Ave, between Culver & Olney, in Pacific beach.
Potholes of various size along Aero Dr between Kearny Villa Rd and Sandrock Rd. On both east and westbound lanes along median.
 the intersection of 60th and Dipper  - on 60th - the southeast corner.
1 ft long pothole, jim reilly 6195499738
Nasty pothole in eastbound lane nearest median.
POTHOLEI FO DRIVEWAY CAR BOTTOMS OT
POT HOLES AND A BUMP  IN THE ROAD
LARGE POTHOLE  3 FT  AROUND
BAD POTHOLE (ADDRESS IS NOT EXACT BETWEEN PIROTTE & LAUREL)
 Washington St. bridge over HWY  163 IS FULL OF POTHOLES UP TO 5TH Ave.
Pothole in the southbound #2 lane at 1790 West Washington St.
EB right lane SE corner
Potholes
Multiple potholes on Genesee Really bad hard to avoid. City needs to a better job or use better materials every time it rains these repairs fall apart and makes bigger potholes before than before they were fixed.
Large pothole in left lane at intersection of 8th Ave and Ash St. The address is approximate but it is at the intersection.


There is a large hole on the corner of Elm and 27th St and ir is getting bigger every day.   is going to cause a problem very soon and I don't want my care to bust a tire or wheel.
1st Ave Southbound Upas to Spruce: 3-4 road repairs have sunk, now potholes.
Pothole in crosswalk #1 lane on E street at 6th
Deep Pothole shakes nearby houses when 18 wheelers drive over.
Pothole in the intersection of Kettner Boulevard and Hawthorne
 the south intersection where Florida meets El Cajon Blvd., there are SERIOUS potholes.
NORTH AND SOUTH, WHOLE STRETCH OF ROAD
5 south on ramp from first Avenue in down town. Damaged my rim very hard to avoid when merging onto the 5 South Freeway.
THE WHOLE STRETCH OF STREET UNDER THE 8 BRIDGE

Pothole in path of right turn lane from Ruffin (south) to Balboa (west)

There are 2 MASSIVE potholes on the east side of Morena north of Tecolote.
potholes and spilled gravel from nearby construction job and rain
This repair was destroyed by trash truck the following day.
Multiple large pot holes at intersection of Triana and Derrick.
Pothole in left lane of northbound Pomerado Rd just before left turn pocket to Pomerado Court.
New pothole has opened up on the corner Of Navajo and Lake Murray Boulevard traveling east bound in the center lane.
Pothole in left lane of NB Pomerado Rd between Vezelay Lane and Escala Drive, San Diego, 92128
Badly damaged asphalt and large potholes Westbound.  More than 30 previous requests over the past 10 years.
The entire block of Mercury Street between Vickers and Engineer Road there are large sections of potholes and broken up road - both directions.
Two very large potholes in the NB lane of Mercury Street, right at the intersection for the SB 163 onramp.
Several large pot holes along friars/mission gorge near riverdale that are deep. Hazardous to vehicles.
Nasty Pothole at PCH and Washington exit by Marine  recruiting center.
Pothole near 8345 Mira Mesa in the farthest right lane.
Pothole in intersection in number two lane.
e/b very deep and large pothole
Huge repair done poorly/ hit it  and  bent my rim!!
Large deep pothole.   Your patches are lasting just a few hours.  Please make repairs.   15 year issue at  location.
pothole on Fourth just off the crosswalk at University
Numerous pothole and very rough asphalt from 20 years of patches.
Offramp of Rancho Bernardo rd. North bound
Potholes in Clairemont Mesa Blvd between Dolivar St and the 805 heading West

While the pothole in the picture WAS repaired, the ones 3 feet along the edge were left untouched!


Large pothole right lane
Numerous potholes between Sundevil Rd and Black Mountain Road. We have been paying extra gas taxes for 1 year 3 months now and streets look worse than ever. Where's the money??
POTHOLES IN THE INTERSECTION OF ASHFORD ST & ARMSTRONG PL AS WELL AS ALL ALONG ARMSTRONG PLACE
Many potholes around trolly tracks
 NE corner of intersection
They patched part of the hole and it started sinking again since the rain. Thanks for taking care of it please check.
2 large potholes, immediately north of bridge across Tecolote creek.
Deep potholes at  corner  by 7/11
Pothole at intersection modena and Knoxville.  Poorly filled in the  past back again

Numerous pot holes without 100'
Deep pot holes
Sinkhole next to elementary school has expanded. 's outrageous that us hasn't been fixed by now, 2 years old.
Big pot hole
Pot hole
Expanding the length of the intersection.
Pot holes all along Sigsbee from harbor  to 16th street
Huge pothole at the intersection of Sorrento Valley and Roselle Street.  has been present all week long and is now getting larger than cars can handle.
 least nine major potholes on Balboa Av from Mission Bay dr and Ruffin Rd. Contact is Jonathan at 925-354-9545
Huge pot hole
There are huge potholes up and down the street on West Hills Parkway. There are three especially large potholes at the intersection of West Hills Parkway and Carlton Oaks Dr. They are so big, it is difficult to turn left from Carlton Oaks Dr onto West Hills Parkway without hitting one or more.
Large pothole on Mira Mesa boulvard  near the Shell gas station entrance
Two 5feet by 5 feet potholes. On Morena  50 feet north of Tecolote. In both lanes. 10 inches deep.

Northbound. 2foot wide pothole. Will cause damage to vehicles
Big pothole. Contact is David at 619-721-2418
Huge pothole with water coming out    Waring Rd   Northbound at Adobe Falls Rd intersection
I hit  huge pothole on W Washington Street on my way home on a dark rainy night which damaged the tire and rim on my Mercedes Benz and almost  caused an accident as the impact was so severe. The tire replacement which I had to do yesterday was $389.48, the spoke wheel is bent and will cost a further $1361.21 to repair. How do I get compensation  for  as  pothole has been there for sometime? Local parking attendant sometimes places a cone in the road to prevent further incidents!!
Huge pothole/dip in road  waring rd heading towards Navajo   Center lane    Road caving in around a "cap" in the road
Too many to count potholes
Large pothole on College just before Navajo
Lots of potholes on Balboa Av between Mt Albertine Av and Charger Bl. Contac tis EJ at 858-569-0962
Multiple potholes in multiple lanes on Roselle St between I-5 off ramp and intersection with Sorrento Valley Blvd. Some potholes are well over 4 inches deep.
POTHOLE   CALLED IN BY PD
big aftter rain pothole interstection of convoy and clairmont mesa blvd east bound
Over a dozen (12) potholes from 163 underpass to Linda Vista Road. They're in all lanes, but the worst is in the left hand lane.
Large pothole traveling east bound on Torrey Pines between Hillside Dr and La Jolla Shores in number two lane. Contact is Frank at 619-992-0375
5156 Santo Rd, San Diego, CA 92124
Various large to medium pot hole
There are huge potholes next to the old train tracks.  You have to drive out of the lane to avoid tire damage.  This is my 2nd request to get  part of Washington fixed.  You're ruining people's car alignment and  is unsafe.
Right Lane has a huge pothole. Very deep.
4200 block kearny mesa rd both directions riddled with huge potholes. Potholes that were filled reopened again because of heavy rains.
In westbound Lanes on Grand avenue, just east of Lee Street.
Downtown Broadway pothole are destroying the tires on my car!
POTHOLE
POHTOLES
Huge pothole on I-163N ramp coming from 8 East This is a rim buster and needs to fixed ASAP
PER CUSTOMER HAZARDOUS POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION.
There has been construction that included a trench cut perpendicular to the roadway on Qualcomm Way heading north just before the Friars Road East onramp. The far right lane with additional construction was marked with orange stanchions as being closed, though the trench continues across the entire 3 lanes. In the center lane heading North on Qualcomm Way, the trench patchwork appeared washed out on the right side of that lane on Friday 2/8/19 at around 12:30pm when I drove my 2010 Mercedes S550 across the trench marks and heard a loud slam from the front right and rear of the vehicle.  that moment the front right tire was rendered flat immediately, and the right rear tire experienced a cut from the rim. Also, upon having the vehicle towed by AAA to the Mercedes Benz of San Diego Dealership the service department determined upon attempting to replace the tires that the front right rim was bent and required replacement, and an alignment would also be necessary. The invoice came to $2,534.74. - Justin Peteris
Multiple potholes turning on Taylor street from hotel Circle all the way to the light in both lanes
Multiple potholes coming off the freeway in both lanes

In right lane at traffic intersection  as you drive west from the 805 south

2 potholes as you cross tecolate from morena headed north
All of Genesee Ave. from 163 exit to Linda Vista rd. Full of pot holes.


 pothole has begun to sink part of the street pavement..it is a heavily traveled street as it is the route to the elementary school.
Pot hole on right side of right southbound lane on Fairmount Ave which is also the right lane of Camino Del Rio N in the intersection.
Large pothole on left side of right northbound lane at stoplight for Mission Gorge Rd and Mission Gorge Pl
Large pothole in middle of road around a cleanout
Small pothole in middle of street starting to creep into a long pothole.
Southbound Florida south of El Cajon. Beyond the recent rain there's some kind of drainage issue that keeps  area constantly wet too, so that's not helping matters.
Report 02500830 was closed today.  There's been no change in the problem.  Why would it have been closed?
Pot hole in #1 lane of Northbound Pomerado.
Large pothole in #1 lane of Northbound Pomerado.
I received an email that it was fixed.  Not true.  Problem is on both sides of the street.   is much worse since the rain.   is being reported on Nextdoor that the street is getting worse. MANY upset people.
Pothole
A row of potholes
Elm Avenue from 18th to Saturn is nearly unpassable. Also, vehicles park on side of road near unpainted crosswalks, blocking handcap access and driver vieion at those corners.
Deep deep pothole
Many small medium potholes
There is an area that was previously patch that has become very uneven due to the recent rains.  is on the north bound side of ECR just before the turnout to make a left turn to 12220 ECR
large pothole, approx 2 feet wide in crosswalk
Multiple potholes in both lanes going up to the street light
Potholes turning right onto 56th street

The pothole is right at the first light of the exit of college
There are large, deep cracks at the curb extending out to the street.
Pothole at College Ave entrance to Chevron
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE IN THE NORTH BOUND INSIDE LANE OF POMERADO NEAR THE MIRASOL INTERSECTION.
The whole section of Via Del Campo here is in poor condition. There are several potholes located close to the marked location.
Pothole has reopened
Resurfacing that was done is already coming apart. Substandard job. Contractor should be held accountable or not get paid for  poor work.
Aldine Drive North of Van Dyke  Ave & Adams Ave is a pothole mess due to shoddy subcontractor work. 2 lane winding road coming up from Euclid Ave off of Fairmont  Ave heading toward Kensington.  Heavy traffic uses  small section of road daily.
Pothole
Pothole
Westbound Genesee Ave. Multiple massive 5-6" deep potholes 1 to 3 feet in diameter. Impossible to avoid or see at night. Please inspect Genesee Ave between I-805 and Linda Vista Rd. in both directions and repair ASAP.
Many 5-6" deep potholes down to the dirt pack below the asphalt. Please inspect Balboa Ave. in both directions between I-805 and Genesee Ave. Over 25 large to massive potholes need filling ASAP.
Huge pothole. I'm going to blow a tire if I keep hitting it. Can't see it at night
Pothole eastbound Mira Mesa boulevard far right-hand Lane just before the gas station Camino Ruiz.
Several deep potholes along the rightmost eastbound lane of La Jolla Village Dr between I5 and Lebon Dr
Pothole. About 1 to 1.5 foot in diameter. Located towards the beginning of the off-ramp lane from the 94 West onto the 15 North.
Many gigantic potholes on westbound Genessee Ave between 163 overpass and Richland St . . . . . ( is like a minefield it is so bad)
Potholes the next 100 yards
Pothole
Potholes the next 150 yards till Carroll canyon rd,
Potholes
Potholes and uneven surface for 20 yards
3-4 potholes on the 2nd from right lane. Pothole at the intersection of Winship and N harbor dr,
big deep pothole in left wheel travel portion of Pomerado Rd at Grandee Place
Multiple potholes on the second from right lane
Multiple potholes in the section on the right most lane
Multiple potholes in the center lane.
There are numerous holes along eastbound Camino de la Reina in front of Millenium and Shake Shack making it very dangerous for bicycles!
pot holes in the middle of the street
Big potholes in middle of crosswalk at Balboa and Mission Bay Drive. I reported  before, actually saw workers patching it up but the holes are back. How can a wheelchair be expected to cross thee safely?! Seriously! Replace it already, don't just put a bandaid on it.
Huge pothole on the Right side lane.
2 large potholes corner of tecolote and Morena
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A POTHOLE ON BALBOA IN THE WEST BOUND LANE EAST OF THE MT ALIFAN DR FAR LEFT LANE.
Potholes in northbound lane of 1st Avenue just north of Laurel St intersection
Massive pothole, almost crashed
Pot holes all along the far right lane. Construction has been taken place in the left and middle lanes for over a month. The right lane has massive potholes all along Camino Del Norte. This stretch of road has had major issues for years- please just fix it properly once and for all. The patch work only lasts a few months and the same potholes keep returning. 's waste of tax dollars when you come out every few months. Just do it right the first time and fix the entire stretch of Camino Del Norte!!!
Genesee Ave from Genesee plaza to 163 on ramps at Cardinal has large continuous pot holes.
PER SDPD THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION. SDPD EN ROUTE
Two deep potholes on Broadway between park blvd and 13th st
All of both sides of Genesee need to be repaved! Horrible road! Please too many potholes to repair each one!
From 163 exit, Genesee Ave has multiple pot holes. The whole road of Genesee Ave up to Balboa Ave is actually ruined but worst area is up to Linda Vista Road. Ever since the expansion of lanes,  road has been messed up. Replace Genesee Ave. it will be cheaper than filling all these holes. No need for pictures cause it?s the whole road
Pretty much the entire north/westbound travel lanes of Genesee between 163 and Linda Vista Rd is destroyed. The road is so full of new and previously patched holes that it had become impossible to maintain driving in a single lane.  is beyond time for these blocks to be completely resurfaced.
2 Large Potholes
There is big potholes, at least 4 cars had flat tires yesterday night
East bound Grand Av.. at Culver St. In the left lane just passed the signal

Damaged asphalt
Pot holes need to be filled on  narrow road
Pothole
Wires are in pothole North convoy left lane to west balboa
Pothole bent my wheel, it was so massive. I almost lost control of the vehicle and had to recover before narrowly missing another car. Pothole is southbound W Mission Bay Dr on approach to bridge before Sports Arena.
Numerous large potholes at  intersection.
Numerous potholes
3 big holes at Kettner and Grape
There is a section of road with 6 consecutive potholes, if not more. The rain made it even worse and traffic now slows down due to everyone having to go around it.
Terrible pothole on Golfcrest. Fill other potholes between Navajo and Mission Gorge on Golfcrest at same time.
There are a dozen or more holes ranging from 1 ft. to treat foot by 2 foot rectangles between Cardinal and Genesee both on the westbound and eastbound lanes
Newly Paved Rosecrans has already been damaged by rain!
There is a large deep pothole on the northbound 805 on ramp from 32ND St.
Many potholes
Large pothole in #3 lane

Pot hole at friars/Napa
very deep pothole in front of Oscar's
15 or so potholes from  point up to Alvarado court east. Whole street needs repaving from college to Alvarado court. Never been done in the 21 years I have driven  road
Pot hole city
More big pot holes
On-ramp to 5 south from villa de la valle. Big one. Thanks guys!! Seen two people get flats here.

Northbound Santo south of CMB. Sorry no pic while driving
Two large potholes on Waring at Adobe Falls. Numerous potholes along Waring Rd.
Potholes W/B lanes of 3600 Del Mar Heights at Carmel Country Rd intersection
Numerous potholes on Navajo Rd between college and Margerum
Pothole in the right turn lane off the southbound 805 exit at Adams.
Pothole on the northbound 895 entrance at Adams & 32nd.
Potholes
Two massive potholes on university exit from 163
Potholes

Large and deep pothole in left lane (straight through / left turn lane) of northbound Vista Sorrento Parkway just south of Sorrento Valley Blvd.  Very difficult to avoid.
Pothole broken pavement
This is a HUGE dangerous hole that is unavoidable on the uphill side of the road!! Needs to be fixed ASAP along with other minor holes on Via Capri.
N/B TECOLOTE RD TURNING LEFT ONTO MORENA BL, 2 DEEP POTHOLES IN THE RIGHT LEFT TURN LANE


POTHOLE

Huge pothole right on the entrance to the on ramp to the 805 off 32nd street
Westbound Balboa Ave numerous potholes
POTHOLE
two huge potholes in both west bound lanes 100' west of Tecolote Rd
This pothole is now about 5 feet long, 3 feet wide, and up to 8 inches deep.   has doubled in size since yesterday.  This pothole is right where 1000s of cars a day make a right hand from College Avenue and turn to go up Navajo.   is near the corner of St Therese Catholic Church's property.
POTHOLES, BOBBI 8589458989
POTHOLES, BOBBI 8589458989
Huge pothole at Clairemont Mesa Blvd & Shawline - asphalt is crumbled and huge chunks are in the road - safety hazard
25' x 25' a/c patch / street repair from recent water main break at intersection of Gardena Ave / Knoxville St is sinking and needs to be raised and permanently overlaid.
Potholes

There are potholes on both sides of the university ave bridge over Hwy 163. I was driving eastward over the bridge when I noticed the potholes.
Potholes on the onramp to the 8
A huge pothole 4 feet by 3 feet. I submitted a report last week and it was "closed" but the pothole is still there.
3 large potholes at Westbound Balboa.
Large pothole at westbound Balboa left lane
A lot of potholes on the intersection of Genesee Ave and Linda Vista Road, wear and tear on our tires, hazardous as well.
Many potholes Heading west between Charger and Mt Abernathy
Big pothole on Pomerado going north before Grandee
Per  pd  sink hole forming 4 ft wide , on partial city property .
There are HUGE potholes at the corner of Lake Arrowhead/Lake Murray Blvd frontage Road (when you turn off Lake Murray Blvd).  These potholes continue on Lake Murray Blvd frontage road all the way to Jackson Drive.  During last weeks rain, a woman hit the pothole at Lake Arrowhead/Lake Blvd almost careening into the median.  Very deep and very dangerous.  This huge one is across from the Union Bank & Pioneer Restaurant
Southbound Genesee north of Balboa right-hand Lane
Big Chunks (1 foot and smaller) of asphalt from pothole are on the street.  Pothole is like one foot diameter and several inches deep.
Pothole like six inches diameter and several inches deep.  Please fix before it gets worse and someone ruins their tires and suspension
Major pothole on westbound Pomerado Rd in left lane South of Greens East Rd  several cars already damaged including mine... Vehicle towed.
Big pothole
Huge pothole which is dangerous for bicycle iand cars
Several pot holes on Pomerado Road south from Greens East to Rancho Bernardo Road, #1 late.  Have been filled several times but every time it rains pots appear again and again.  This will continue unless better material is used to fill them
Just before the light, left lane
Cracked cement potholes

Very large pothole and a child fell Off his bike yesterday here
Many VERY deep potholes
Large pothole with huge piece of asphalt coming out of the road very dangerous
Huge pot hole right lane east bound
Large pothole
Potholw opening up at corner of Lepus next to stop sign

Major pothole on south side of train tracks, getting on I-5 south.  Horrible dip.
Pothole at eastbound Genesee right lane.
Several pot holes
Pot hole in intersection
Potholes
Two big potholes on westbound lane of morena Boulevard just west of Tecolote Road.
Big pot hole. Maybe 2 feet long.  North bound on Pomerado rd
Big pothole
As you pull on to Pershing from jacaranda there is a deep pot hole at the stop sign
Needs Immediate tention - Huge pot hole in left lane north bound on Pomerado
Multiple large potholes across all four lanes of traffic. They can easily cause car damage.
"My car: CAR-SedanMODEL Mercedes benz S550YEAR 2010Color: Pearl WhiteDATE OF INCIDENT: 02/08/19TIME:  9:15 AMAPPROXIMATE LOCATION: 7310-7480 MIRAMAR ROAD CROSS STREET: CAROLL CANYON AND MIRAMAR ROADDESCRIPTION: 	I was driving from East to West of Miramar Road around 9 am on February 8, 2019 with my father. As I was driving in the middle lane, my car drove over a large pot hole and which made the vehicle jump that impacted (front and rear of my tires on the passenger side) to collapse among other problems that impacted the vehicle.	We were obliged to call our insurance company -Geico to send out a tow truck to take to Good Year on Miramar Road, and due to further damages it caused I took it to Miramar Repair Center to fix the damages.I have the ?Car Receipts? of Good Year and Miramar Repair Center receipt. The total amount for cost of damages $1,395.85 that I can provide as reference."
Another deep terrible pothole on Balboa. Balboa westbound west of 805.
Large potholes near Crawford High School
App does not show correct location. Actual location is on northbound I-5 off ramp at Seaworld / Tecolote exit. Large pothole in right off ramp lane.
Giant potholes
Twenty five potholes Roselle Street between 5N off-ramp, under the 5 overpass and 5S on-ramp. Dangerous. Repave all or put down concrete.
Large potholes developing due to rain.  Lots of cars,  especially on Sunday due to church.  Getting bigger and deeper.  Collects water when it rains.
Two deep pot holes eastbound Market Street at 36th Street intersection.
2 ft deep pot hole at corner of Navajo & College by St Therese church.
Large pothole
Two potholes on Balboa Ave and Ruffin rd. Going west.
Potholes in the left turn lane from Eastbound market st to northbound gateway center drive
Large pothole
Lots of potholes in northbound #1 lane after 163 exit
Guincho Road is in terrible shape. This is one of several potholes on the street. Guincho Rd was never resurfaced when all the other streets in TS were, now we see and feel the consequences.
Pothole 2 on Guincho Rd. As you can see City of SD bandaid several potholes on the street, but the street is still in bad shape and continues to worsen with the rains. I can hear the cars hitting these potholes all the time, not good. Please complete the resurfacing project on Guincho Rd
There area 3 potholes Northbound on Pomerado road between Rancho Bernardo rd and Grandee place
Pothole type of road damage. After turning right on Roselle street towards 5 south exit, there is major road damage. The cars hit the bottom.  is significant and will give serious damage to cars or will cause accidents. Can  please be repaired as soon as possible? Thanks.
Deep potholes, can ruin tires, need to be repaired!
Westbound Genesee Ave, between 163 and Linda Vista Road, there are some very bad potholes in left lane.    They are very hard to avoid and very very hard on your car.  Thank you.   619 742-9555 Rhoda.  (Would be nice to be contacted to know  system works.   rhodaqu@hotmail.com)
5-6 inch deep hole in front of vallarta's on genesee. ( at Mt Etna Dr)
Tones of fresh potholes on Genesee (both sides) from Mt Alifan to Marlesta.

CAMINO RUIZ AND JADE COAST AS YOU GO UP THE HILL POTHOLES , STEVE 858-682-8648
Pothole Northbound Pomerado Rd just before Mirasol Dr. DO NOT GO BY THE SATELLITE MAP IT WOULD NOT ALLOW ME TO PLACE THE BALLOON ON POMERADO RD
Potholes in crosswalk near the southwest corner of the intersection of Marlborough Ave and El Cajon Blvd.
Large pothole
P/H
Large pothole

The metal covers are moving as cars drive over them exposing the open hole in the street.
Many potholes on 6th ave exit off 163 heading  south
Many potholes on university Ave going east after 6th ave
Many potholes on Vermont heading north off university ave
Large pot hole on Pacific Beach Dr. My sedan totally bottomed out. Please fill in.
Sorrento Valley Blvd traveling West just past intersection with Vista Sorrento Parkway. Right lane.
Pothole
Pothole in middle of intersection
Many new potholes going toward Bernardo Center away from the 15
POSS SINKHOLE IN CONST AREA
Several otholes in middle of the road
2 horrible potholes where the road meets the bridge
Right lane on sb convoy st
There are a lot of jarring potholes on Balboa Ave between the 805 and Genesee Ave.
LARGE POTHOLE ON WB OF PERSHING DR. ABOUT A 3/4 MILE FROM FLORIDA ST.
On wb Balboa....
Pothole in a poorly done patch in the asphalt in the middle of the road with what looks like concrete poking through. Pothole is between the houses of 8983 Covina St. and 8985 Covina Street,
Pothole in crosswalk near southwest corner of Governor and Genesee. In eastbound lane of Governor Dr.
Picador Blvd southbound between Del Sol Blvd and the on-ramp to westbound 905 is in terrible shape.  Lots of pot holes and the pavement at the on ramp to westbound 905 is extremely bad.
Various potholes in 163 turning lane
TWO IN INTERSECTION
Pothole
Pothole
Square pot hole right lane going southbound on 54th Street
5200 block of Lehrer dr, numerous potholes
multiple pot holes
Pothole
Multiple potholes on street at stop sign, dangerous for motorcycles
The patch work done from my previous ticket is already gone.

3 potholes
Pothole
Another ridiculously large, deep, and unsafe pothole. Genessee southbound #2 lane immediately north of Balboa as approaching the intersection.
Two huge potholes side by side. Very difficult to avoid them. And not very visible at night.
Potholes

Large, deep pothole westbound Balboa Ave just before intersection of Balboa Av / Charger Bl.

Three here
Dangerous pot hole left hand lane southbound approaching Sports Arena Blvd bridge
Really bad at Richland and Genese Ave Holes and Deep Wide Cracks From Linda Vista Road to Sharp Hospital Pot Holes and Deep Cracks Everywhere... A 2Foot wide one under Hwy 15 only 1 lane under
Pothole
Lots of holes on World Trade Dr.
Lots of holes on Camino Del Norte
North bound College ave at Navajo intersection. Right hand turn lane.  About 8" deep. Second hike forming.
Multiple potholes in both lanes lanes going up 54th street going up to university ave
Lots of pot holes, please please repave  road
Large pothole
Multiple potholes along airway to la media ave. All the potholes that was patched up all washed away from rain
Massive pothole just popped the sidewall of my drivers side tire. 's impossible to consistently avoid in traffic. I don';t have  a picture as it's on a onramp. Very dangerous. Cant be missed.
There are two potholes on southbound Hancock Street, between the spot where the offramp from I-5 enters Hancock Street and at about Weatherby Street or Noell Street, before Washington Street.
Potholes on westbound Genessee Ave between Linda Vista Rd and Richland St
The pothole is in the southbound lane of Morena Blvd just south of the cloverleaf where  eastbound cars coming from Balboa Avenue turn to go south on Morena
Multiple potholes on Triana Street between Cheshire and Limerick
Pothole heading east
Deep and dangerous pothole taken over the entire lane going north
Going south at the intersection with Balboa. RIGHT LEFT TURN LANE. deep pothole at the traffic signal
Westbound lane at the traffic signal with the 15 exit ramp.
Very deep Pothole on inner lane going North on Pomerado
Pothole on inner lane driving north on Pomerado road.
Horrible potholes in  spot
Pot hole appeared after the rain. There are a few others about 10-15ft away from  one as well.
PER ROLINDA @ 619-980-7970 HIT A LARGE POTHOLE GOING OFF OF 163 TO UNIVERSITY. SHE HEARD IT BOTTOMED UP HER CAR ON THE LEFT SIDE.
10 or so potholes about 1-2feet in diameter each
HUGE Pothole at street light on Washington Street and fifth Avenue Heading west
Look as tho the concrete has sank even lower than the asphalt repair can help. 's about a 6-8 inch step. I videoed several cars popping tires and damaging wheels. I popped my tire and cracked my well. I will be submitting the receipt for towing, tire and wheel.
There are a many pat holes in the main road in meadow brook.     And 7709 blackpool road  street and side walk safety thanks Miguel lara  miguelpmjc@yahoo.com
My street desperately needs repaving. We have so many potholes it's not even funny. If you can repave Elm Ave between 18th and Saturn I would really appreciated
Large pothole keeps getting bigger in the south lane on 60th before Dipper st.
Numerous rough spots on Shoal Creek between Stoney Gate and Rancho Carmel Dr.
Pothole in intersection
PER CUSTOMER THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE THAT BLEW OUT HIS TIRE ON MERCURY ST OFF OF THE 163 SOUTHBOUND EXIT
Three large potholes, 1-2" deep
Corner of 61st and Imperial Ave.
Potholes
A series of deep potholes are located in both directions on Genesee, between the 163 and Linda Vista Rd.
Pretty bad pothole on upas. For now there's a cone in it to warm people because it could do some serious damage
Big pothole! Enough for my rearview mirror to come off.   time at night and poor lighting there's no way you can see it. Bent my rim ..definite hazard for any driver that comes across it.
Huge pothole in left lane on balboa heading West bound just before Mnt. Alifan dr. just before the left turn to burger king.
 was brought to my attention that recently with all  rain we have a new pothole in front my street in 6065 Parkside Ave San Diego CA 92139  is a busy street and  hole is getting bigger and bigger by the time goes by. Best regards, Community
Three 1 foot holes in ground at the stop light going northbound on Kearny Villa Rd. Left lane.
On ramp of Interstate 5 Southbound from First Ave has large potholes.
Pot hole
On Otay mesa road starting at Harvest road going east. Several large potholes that have given flat tires.
Multiple pothole is crosswalk area on Florida St /El Cajon Blv
Numerous potholes in both directions at  location.
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole westbound friars
Pothole eastbound friars

Linda paseo/college to Navajo; Navajo to cross street Park Ridge multiple and massive potholes  road on both sides is in need of some repair.  Some potholes are deep enough to cause damage to ones vehicle.
Pothole
Several potholes at Garnet and mission Bay drive
Pothole
Two very large potholes
Large pothole in 2nd lane (slow) near crosswalk.
Pothole  morena Blvd,  south bound side at corner
Potholes,  northbound side first st and front st
Pothole north bound side
Large hole with chunks of asphalt around it
Large patches section of road has sunk and is causing cars to bottom out.
Pothole
Northbound Fairmount Avenue. Two very large and deep potholes on northbound Fairmount Avenue just under the 8 Freeway overpass, between the number 1 and 2 lanes. Also, numerous large potholes just after the overpass as you cross Camino Del Rio N intersection. Please fix. Drivers are trying to avoid them and swerve out of their lanes.
many large holes
Westbound Friars Road. One large, deep pothole located between Number 1 and 2 lanes on westbound Friars Road just before you go above the river, over the bridge.
right lane
hole and gravel
hole
POTHOLES, TONY 8586305342
City crews Said they dug in the street for a sewer check but yesterday the top patch sank under a vehicle with a drain hole as well as a pothole
POTHOLES, TONY 8586305342
W Point Loma Blvd between Nimitz and Midway is in horrifying condition. Please please please repave.
Pothole I. Driving lane . Another in opposite direction in driving lane at intersection.
This is one of 2 potholes on Eastbound El Cajon Blvd between 37th and 38th.  Our buses travel on  lane, so it's gradually getting worse.  There is another pothole just ahead of  one.
Sink hole in brand new pavement
A construction crew was here about 6 weeks ago and tore up the road and never came back to fix it. This messes up the flow of traffic during the week.
AT C ST, N/B EDGEMONT ST UP THE HILL THE LEFT HAND SIDE HAS A CAR DAMAGING POTHOLE POPPED HIS TIRE, PAYTON 6197480867
Bad pothole right before getting on the Bridge on College Ave from Del Cerro
Major potholes for 3 years
Road sinking in around ground cap    Looks like construction was done recently  and repair is failing  causing a deep hole causing damage to cars
Repaired pothole re opened
Who do I speak to about reimbursement for pot holes throwing my car out of alignment?
There are 6-8 very large/deep potholes on northbound Genesee Ave between Linda Vista Rd and Richland St. Mostly in the number 1 lane. This can/will cause vehicle damage and needs repair immediately.
Potholes
Potholes under 5 highway
Alley has severe trenches causing damage to cars.
Huge chasm
Large reappearing  pothole
Multiple potholes over a 2 block area on Genessee
2 pot holes
Pothole
Pothole water collects here for days
Potholes here
Pothole by rail crossing
Giant pot holes on freeway offramp
Potholes going northbound on 54th Street
Pothole going westbound on University
Deep hole that makes your car shudder and your teeth rattle when you hit it.  Located on Morena Blvd. South after the Balboa light/ramp and before Paul Jones Ave.  I tried to use the red marker as best I could to locate the pot hole but the address that auto-filled may not be accurate.
4 inch deep pothole coming off of the westbound Washington exit from 163 South. Pothole located in the right lane of Washington between Fourth and Fifth, possibly at the end of the Washington / Fifth intersection. Pothole caused immediate ruptured tire and possible damage to axle.  I was unable to return to get a photo of the pothole since the location is dangerous for pedestrians. Had to pull off the road at Washington / Albatross to change tire. Incident happened around 11PM on 2/16/19. Photos are of damaged tire and location of tire change.
FROM COLLEGE AV AS YOU TURN RIGHT TO NAVAJO 5 INCH DEEP POT HOLE IN FRONT OF THE CHURCH.
All along Clairemont Mesa Bl. Numerous potholes
Two holes 30 yds apart!  Large enough to do damage
Series of potholes and incredibly uneven pavement

So many it is impossible to avoid them
Deep pothole where asphalt meets concrete leading to a very hard hit on the flat concrete when driving.
Numerous large potholes from 6555 El Camino Teatro  up the hill/ street to 6453 El Camino Del Teatro. Please fix soon. They are very dangerous.
Pothole around manhole cover causes manhole to protrude from street causing dangerous bump in bicycle lane on South side of Del Mar Heights Road in East bound lane across from Carmel Valley fire station #24.
Huge pothole Midway and Kemper by fire station
Dangerous pothole
Many potholes on eastbound Miramar, east of Nobel intersection
pothole adjacent to gutter and curb cut for residential driveway at 2514 San Anselmo St, PB (my home)
Large pot hole. About 1' or more deep, you can see into it further into it. I'm afraid it can turn into a sink hole.
Multiple potholes between erma road and affinity court
Potholes due to rain
Gate we'll cap popping out of pavement at an angle. Tire hazard
Large pothole
Large pothole west side at intersection of Carmel Country & Townsgate.  Pothole is on Carmel Country
Road is covered in potholes
Pothole north lane on Morena in-between Tecolote and Lehigh st
Pothole north lane on Morena in-between Tecolote and Lehigh st

Pothole north lane on Morena in-between Tecolote and Lehigh st
Pothole north lane on Morena in-between Tecolote and Lehigh st
Pothole north lane on Morena in-between Tecolote and Lehigh st
Pothole north lane on Morena in-between Tecolote and Lehigh st

Pothole north lane on Morena in-between Tecolote and Lehigh st
Pothole north lane on Morena in-between Tecolote and Lehigh st
Pothole north lane on Morena in-between Tecolote and Lehigh st
Pothole north lane on Morena in-between Tecolote and Lehigh st
Tones of potholes on Marlesta between Genesee and Beagle.
Pothole north lane on Morena in-between Tecolote and Lehigh st
Potholes at intersection on Convoy St and Armour.
Pothole at Pepsi and Armour
Pothole at intersection of Carmel Mountain Road and Canter Heights Dr
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Big pot hole
Potholes
This intersection has several large potholes
Multiple potholes in the turn lane to get on the 163.
Large pothole on 10th Ave. far left lane coming up to B street
Large diameter pothole in WB right wheel path in the northwest coroner of Upas at 32nd.
Potholes  in middle of intersection.
Two (2) 5"+ deep potholes at cross gutter on southeast side of Upas and Grim.
Deep pothole in the north bound lane (toward sea world)
Large pothole near median about 18-20 inches in diameter. Also deep!
Horror ppthooes
Large pothole in the #1 N/B lane.  This was previously filled but it has reappeared after recent rains
Large pothole in east bound lane.

Several massive holes on westbound Balboa from 100m east of Charger to Mt Abernathy.  BONE JARRING!
Numerous potholes S/B El Camino Real between Elijah Ct. & High Bluff Dr.
Pothole, very uneven pavement at Roselle Street and Sorrento Valley Blvd.
Numerous potholes northbound and southbound along Santo Rd between Tierrasanta Blvd and Clairemont Mesa Blvd
There are 2 large potholes in the right lane on Morena as one drives west/north (1 for each tire).
Westbound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd, both lanes have many potholes from La Cuenta Dr. to Santo Rd

Large pothole while northbound on Santo Rd in Tierrasanta as you turn right into the NEX Autoport/gas station
Potholes
BAD pothole right side in slow lane going west down hill just before traffic signal. My car was in a lane of cars turning right and hit the hole so hard, I had to stop and inspect right side tires and rims.
Multiple large potholes on westbound Balboa
MULTIPLE POTHOLES ALONG LA JOLLA PARKWAY
Pothole on westbound Balboa right lane
Large pothole westbound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd right where the 805 exits onto the city street going west.
When you turn left onto Harbor Drive from Hawthrone Street on your way to the San Diego International Airport - it's truly one pothole after another. Is  the impression we want tourists to have of  "America's Finest City?" 's horrible.
Pothole on westbound Balboa right lane
Potholes in the intersection of Convoy and Clairemont Mesa Blvd
From Bancroft Street to Sports Arena Blvd, Midway Drive is a disgrace to drive. Especially between Bancroft and Rosecrans. The road floods often and the potholes on both sides of the four-lane road are a hazard. Please, please fix  road.
Many large and medium potholes eastbound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd starting at the light at Doliva Dr to 163 and a few after that 163
NW corner of Balboa Ave & Genesee Ave
Large pothole southbound on Genesee Ave in left lane just south of Mt Etna Dr.
Middle of the intersection with 54th St,Northbound direction left lane
Pothole
3 large potholes going down balboa west between Charger and Abertine.
Pothole southbound lane
Numerous large to medium potholes northbound on Park Blvd from 163 exit to where I-5 goes under Park Blvd
Large pothole, lane 2 on 8 east to 163 north ramp
3 large potholes going down Balboa west between Charger and Abertine.
Potholes on mission gorge at princess view
Major potholes in westbound balvoa ave at cannington
Giant potholes.  Rim benders.  All up and down the right lanes.
Major pothole left lane westbound
Severe pot holes with risk car damage high
Potholes, two, in crosswalk west side of Limerick Ave and Acuna st
Lots of potholes on here and  road
Lots of potholes on here and Claremont Mesa blvd
There is a huge pothole on the ramp that connects the 8 East to the 163 North, in the righthand lane, on the curve just before going under the 8.  's large enough to blow out tires.
THE WHOLE STREET OF MILTON IS RIDDLED WITH POT HOLES.
Large pothole in right lane of Balboa west bound before Mt. Riaz Pl.
Large potholes on Balboa. In the right lane before Charger Blvd, and in the middle lane after Charger Blvd.
Large pothole on Convoy south before Balboa on the lane marker where the right lane splits into a right turn lane.
Entry to I5 from First. Big pothole is ruining my wheels.
Huge pothole in intersection of Euclid and Olvera. 3 inches deep, got much worse after recent rain. Bent my rim.
Pothole on . . . . off ramp from 805 Southbound. . . . Right before you get to the Madison Ave/Ohio St intersection
Large pothole on eastbound (south) Genesse.
Big pot hole
Genesee North in the right lane before Appleton
Pot holes
Pot hole
There is a massive pothole that has formed in the Mira Mesa Library parking lot.   is near the driveway on New Salem St.  This pothole is at least a foot in diameter and will easily damage vehicles if driven over.  As  pothole is on City property, could you please repair  pothole and the surrounding asphalt that has been worn down by the pothole?  Thank you!
The Pothole in front of "Arco Gas Station" is Huge in size & depth. There is an additional Pothole further forward, just as you get to the Bus Stop, in front of the 7 Eleven Store.
Many large potholes on 805 n on-ramp
Large pothole in the number 4 lane (right lane) in the center of the intersection of  North Harbor Drive and Liberator Way.  Officer Sperry with San Diego Harbor Police
Lots of dangerous potholes at both east bound and west bound lanes
Dangerous/Large pothole, westbound lane of washington just before India street
Several long, shallow potholes on southbound lanes.
Major pot hole. Camino del Norte in  area is a pot hole disaster.
pot hole within the number 2 northbound lane of North Harbor Drive south of Laurel Street. Within the left hand side of the number 2 lane.
Several new potholes on West bound Camino del Norte between I-15 and Bernardo Center Dr.
MASSIVE pothole approx 4 feet across. Very dangerous. Almost killed us.
Unpaved dirt road with major potholes, worsened from rain, makes walking, esp. for elderly, difficult and a huge mess for residents.
In front of bus stop in northbound lanes
Deep pothole on Washington east in left turn lane to the 163
Re: request 02513294 submitted 2/17/2019 Svc notification # 040300105185. Unpaved dirt road w/ major potholes, worsened from rain, makes walking, especially for elderly who frequent restaurant, difficult and dangerous as well as huge mess for residences.
Huge pothole westbound #1 lane!!
Pothole
Deep pothole
Two deep potholes, will damage cars, asphalt breaking apart
Three large pot holes on Genesse east under the 163 freeway bridge.
Large pothole near sidewalk, underneath 5 south freeway bridge, on east Main St San Diego
EASTBOUND ON GARNET AVE, IN FRONT OF 7-11 CONVENIENCE STOR
Pothole opened up again after recent rain. On west bound side of Carmel Mountain Road at intersection with Canter Height
POTHOLES SOUTH BOUND, SOUTH OF BALBOA AVE

3 POTHOLES AT INTERSECTION. TRAVELING BOTH SOUTH AND NORTHBOUND
Pot hole on commercial before getting to 30th street going east.  flat my tire. Got a flat tire because of  pot hole
Major potholes westbound on Balboa Avenue in the 6800, 6700, 6600 blocks of Balboa Avenue
Big pothole in westbound lane of balboa just after intersection with Clairemont Dr.

Multiple potholes along southbound Linda Vista Road.
7 potholes in  area, 18 inches in diameter
Damage similar to a pothole, a uniquely shaped pothole, is in the intersection of Park Blvd and Robinson Ave....  Thanks much. I assume these rains are keeping you busy.
Pothole near the southeast corner of Granada and University Ave.

Large potholes
Multiple large potholes along Genesee Avenue in both directions. This road just needs to be repaved!
There's a few... right on the corner before 7-11 please don't just fill the giant one... the whole area needs help Thank you

Potholes 1 just east of reservoir  , 1 west of reservoir  by trolley station
Multiple in EB right lane
Genesee Ave north bound just north/west of 163 South exit to Genesee.  Lots of deep potholes left lane from 163 S exit and left turn lane at Linda Vista Rd.
Big  potholes
West bound side
Huge pothole
Potluck, divot in road patch. Deep.
Big pothole
Pothole, growing. Deep and getting worse.
Potholes all down  stretch northward toward on-ramp (approx 1/4 mile stretch).'s bad and getting worse.
Large pothole damaged rim and blew out my tireSaturday evening feb 16th
Pothole middle lane of westbound Balboa
Potholes at India and W Washington
Large pothole damaged rim and blew out my tireSaturday evening feb 16th
Several Bad potholes between 18th St, San Diego, CA 92154 and Saturn Blvd next to elementary Christian school. Makes driving and walking unsafe for children.
Potholes under 94 freeway bridge on College Avenue between Federal Blvd. and Livingston Street.
Terrible double pots holes is one lane both sides!!!! Can't avoid!!!
About 6" x 24"
Large pothole

Pothole
Two huge potholes in right lane

Roadway deterioration with various sizes of pot holes within the number 1 eastbound lane of North Harbor Drive east of the intersection with Nimitz Blvd .
Pot hole within the number one eastbound lane of North Harbor Drive east of the intersection with Laning Road
Westbound right lane on Morena Blvd between Knoxville & Tecolote.  Two giant potholes, one for each tire, that are unavoidable.  Please repair immediately!
The road between 163 and Linda Vista Rd.  You need 4 wheel drive and compound low to not damage your car.  's been like  for 2 years now. will the city ever fix ?  If it was la Jolla I bet it would have been fixed.  The islands and turn lanes have been changed but the rest of the street  has just gotten worse.  Add it to the list of "Americas Worst Managed City".
Two LARGE pot holes
The pot holes in the left turn lane from Genesee onto Judson are dangerous.  Cars swerve out of the lane to avoid them and today I hit one and will be surprised if my tire is not damaged.
Several large potholes on eastbound Miramar Road before the I-15 South entrance.
Several large potholes at the intersection of Gold Coast Drive and Westonhill Drive.
Several large potholes at the intersection of Camino Ruiz and New Salem St.
Several large potholes in the left lane of Westbound 8450 Mira Mesa Blvd.
Pot hole at stop light in far left lane that only turns left in order to merge onto the 163 freeway



Potholes up and down 37th between Orange Ave and El Cajon
Multiple deep potholes
In the right lane of the Washington Street exit off PCH heading south.  There is a huge pothole over a foot wide and at least 4-6" deep
About 20 pot holes on the east bound side of clairemont Mesa Blvd when passing over the top of the 805
Two major and one developing pothole on south-bound College Avenue just north of I-8.  #1 is on College Avenue, left lane, just beyond the end of the median south of Del Cerro Blvd.  #2, the biggest hazard, is in the right lane, just about at the stop line for the intersection of College Avenue and the I-8 West off-ramp (signal light) - actually one large and a few smaller holes, all developing with traffic and rain.  #3 is a hole just starting at the junction of black-top and the concrete of the College Ave. bridge over the I-8.  All of these holes, especially #2, are large enough to cause damage to cars, and are already causing collision hazards as drivers attempt to avoid them.  Traffic and continued rain may enlarge them rapidly.
Right after the entrance to the 805 North; before the bridge in the right lane closer to the bike lane.
Very ugly bad street bumps potholes and very bumpy needs to be fixed ASAP

Scripps Poway Parkway was promised in December 2018 that contract was done and finalized and work would begin April 2019. Now Quinton Grounds from Mark Kersey's office is saying it's going to "look like FALL 2019". As a resident of Scripps Ranch Villages I'm getting pretty tired of the lies and excuses!!! I have been working on "getting it done" for 1.5 YEARS!!! Enough already..."GET IT DONE"!!!!!!!



Streets on both ways to/from College Ave I8 freeway exit/entrance and all the way to Del Cerro BLVD are in very bad conditions. Both sides are full of large potholes and had been poorly  patched few times but potholes get worse after every rain! We take  drive home everyday and it is getting very uncomfortable ride and unsafe trying to maneuver these oversized potholes! Please we need the whole thing redone! Thanks for your attention and we appreciate all you do!
Big pothole right where traffic goes foot wide bi half foot deep
Pothole middle of intersection
Carmel Mountain road between Rancho Camel Dr and Highland Ranch Rd at least 20 big potholes in both directions E and W near Costco.
Huge unavoidable potholes left lane east bound on university to turn into 163N freeway
Large pothole #1 N/B lane
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole 2'x3' on the eastbound lane of Upas st. Upas/Grim Ave.
Pothole
Potthole
Northbound College in front of Domino's pizza
Large hole at corner of College and Navajo. Difficult to avoid when turning right onto Navajo. Both sides of Navajo between Margerum and College are in dire need of repavement. Also driving east on Navajo between Margerum and Hyde Park Dr needs holes filled. This whole section of Navajo makes for an uncomfortable and difficult commute.
Potholes on carmel valley road from sr56 to del mar heights rd
large crater pothole per pd
numerous potholes in these blocks. so many potholes that it is hard to be more specific.  5400, 5500, and  5600 of Soledad Road
Pothole on north bound Camino Del Rio W, in the right-most lane.
Pot holes everywhere almost blew out my tire.The amount of potholes in their city is ridiculous!
Three large potholes traveling east bound in the left turn lane.
Potholes in southbound lane deep and wide!
W/B CAMINO DEL NORTE, 2 POTHOLES AFTER THE 1-15 N/B ON RAMP
Potholes are out of control several people have been complaining for over 2 years why are you dragging your feet Faulkner
Large pothole at beginning of on-ramp to 805 North.
Hundreds of unrepaired and dangerous potholes. The entire Poway road segment was resurfaced last year except for the 800-1000 yards from Sabre Springs parkway to the I-15 bridge. Why? Who knows. The city needs to fix  last section. Was  some contractual screwup? An oversight? No idea. This section is so bad.Please have someone look at it
Pothole center of road
WESTBOUND ON BALBOA AV FROM THE I-805 TO MT ABERNATHY
Pothole on rightmost lane heading into downtown from airport
Multiple large potholes on 2600Block of Russ Blvd
Lots of potholes on Balboa Av heading south bound from Clairemont Dr to the I-5. Contact is Morgan at 214-236-0814
Very bad road and pothole. South side of Mira Mesa Blvd. in lane to get on 15N just east of Westview Pkwy.
Deep pothole in left lane southbound just before the bridge
There are about 5 really bad potholes on  street
Pothole
pothole in n/b lane on 60th st just south of tooley
Genesee is riddled with potholes between the 163 freeway and Linda Vista.  keeps happened and has been happening for the past few years. I really think the road just needs to be repaved entirely.
Job 040300101754 was completed just a few days ago and it's falling apart already and it's nearly back to original condition.
Mutiple deep pothiles
Pothole/torn up roadway
Large pothole in eastbound lane Genessee ave under highway 163 overpass.
Large pothole when you are getting onto the 805 ramp at 32nd street. I have to swerve to avoid it. 's deep too.
Significant potholes in Friar's Road WB near intersection with Rancho Mission Rd.  Deep and large holes pose significant risks to vehicles, especially to motorcycles which could cause loss of control and injury.   Also, did the City change the reporting website so now only an address can be entered?  In past, portions of the reportable area could be flagged; e.g., in yellow, etc.  The old way is preferred.
6-8" deep pothole on number 1 lane northbound on W. Mission Bay Dr. and I-8 westbound exit. Could throw a motorcyclist or damage wheels.
There's an enormous and dangerous pothole at approx. 3800 Rosecrans Street on the northbound side.
Big pot hole in the right, eastbound lane just after passing Mission
Significant potholes near EB intersection of Friar's Road and Riverdale St.  Large potholes are dangerous for vehicles and especially motorcycles which could cause a loss of control.
Significant potholes near NB intersection of Golfcrest Dr. and Tuzedo Rd.  Large potholes are dangerous for vehicles and especially motorcycles which could cause a loss of control.
Multiple potholes at the intersection of Louisiana St. and Mead Ave. in the left turn lane going east on Mead to north on Louisiana. Multiple requests have been made over the years, but due to the recent heavy rains it has been almost impassable. Please fix ASAP. Thank you.

A large pot hole on  Pomerado  road past green east road. I ran into the pothole Friday night in the sat and it was Rainy. Many other cars were pulled over as well
Multiple Large Potholes on Genesee Ave going south (underneath 163 overpass)
Big pothole in the north lane of Balboa west just west of Clairemont Drive.
Big pothole east lane of Clairemont Drive south of Balboa.
Several potholes on south bound Clairemont Drive just south of Clairemont Mesa.
Deep pothole in the street in front of the driveway
7 potholes in the middle of street
The crosswalk on the southeast side of the intersection of Garnet and Mission Bay is essentially one giant pothole. Not safe for pedestrians or vehicles.
I counted no less than 20 potholes with a quarter of a mile after turning onto Alvarado Road from College Avenue  morning. Please come and fill them in. Thank you.
Big pothole in right tire track of rightmost lane causing traffic to swerve.  Eastbound Torrey Pines Road just east of Prospect.
I drove over a pothole and my tire got hit. My tire has a hole and is flattened

Dangerously deep & long pothole on the right hand corner turning from College on to Navajo.  Tire, wheel and alignment damage has been caused by  pothole and will be seeking claim for full damages caused.
There is a large square indentation in the road (probably from a prior utility repair) between Thorn and Spruce, southbound on Ist Ave., roughly where shown on map.  has vertical sides deep enough  to cause a very rough bump as one rides over it.  This badly needs attention. A little further south, but still between Thorn and Spruce,  there is a smaller square indentation that should be taken care of while workers are out there.  Thank you.
Numerous potholes on the northbound right lane of El Camino Real between Quarter Mile Dr and Half Mile Dr.
Numerous potholes on the I-805N onramp on Miramar Rd.
Major pot holes running cars
Many potholes, it's too bad  section of Salizar doesn't seem to be getting repaved while Auburndale St is since there are always recurring potholes at  intersection
Many potholes, it's too bad  section of Mt Aguilar drive doesn't seem to be getting repaved while Auburndale St is since there are always recurring potholes at  intersection
Many huge Very deep Potholes up and down paradise valley rd way west of woodman all the way past Sweetwater almost causing accidents and already popped my expensive bmw  tire and bumper damage. Please fix  before someone gets hurt besides our vehicles. The whole time driving every day everyone is swerving them so many deep ones

There is a large, long pothole at Jewell and Beryl, on the north side of that intersection.  When heading westbound on Beryl, then turning right onto Jewell, you have to swerve to avoid  very deep and potentially destructive hazard.
2 big side by side potholes in right turn lane
A bunch of huge pot holes.
Large pothole before light on north bound side of Vista Sorrento before light at sorrento valley Blvd.

Extremely large pothole in middle of intersection
Very large potholes on Morena Blvd between Tecolote and Knoxville streets
Pothole

EB
Pothole
Terrible deep pothole spans entire right lane at intersection of Torrey Pines Rd. and Calle de la Plata. So dangerous! A motorcyclist or unsuspecting driver could get hurt!
The alley between Quimby and Poe Streets, south of Capistrano Street has three big mud bogs in it.  needs attention.
Pothole in road northbound
When driving east on Lake Murray Blvd and as soon as you turn right onto lake arrowhead, the concrete/asphalt transition is extremely bumpy. Request the entrance to lake arrowhead drive be smoothed out.

LARGE POTHOLE WITH REBAR STICKING OUT E/B CORONADO BEFORE HOLLISTER
There are a couple of pretty bad potholes when turning on to Cedaridge Drive from Greenlawn.  This is a huge hazzard as there is an Elementary school right accross the street.



Multiple pot holes
There are several potholes on Parkside Ave huge ones for that matter and avoiding them is hard for the street is a one way. Fixing them asap please would help a lot.

Pothole on EB Rancho Bernardo road
Several large potholes on El Camino Real.
Pothole
3 large potholes on westbound Balboa Ave, center lane, between Charger Blvd and Cannington
Pothole in the intersection of Lake Murray and Navajo. In the right lane going eastbound
2 large potholes westbound Balboa Ave between Cannington and Mt Albertine


I hit a big pothole on the South-bound Mission Bay Drive (bridge) on my way home from Seaworld.  The pothole is on the left lane, in between Seaworld Drive and the East-bound Hwy 8 exit.  ?s on the left lane.   I wanted to stop and take a picture of the pothole but since  was on the bridge, there was no shoulder or any safe place to stop and pull over.  The pothole was so deep that it dented my tire rim.  My car is now in the shop for repairs.
Huge pothole in right lane of southbound Genesee at Balboa
LARGE POTHOLE S/B
Third lane going westbound on friars before rancho mission road
Pothole in front of Union Bank. Contact is Kary at 619-988-1999

This whole stretch of Mount Ararat Drive in front of Holmes Elementary is riddled with potholes. The patching only lasts until the next rain. When will it be repaved?
genesee going towards linda vista rd left lane full of potholes

Large area of multiple potholes and street issues
Pothole 5 to 6 inches deep.  Maybe deeper.  This could seriously injure a motorcycle rider.   intersection of shawline and clairemont blvd.  Close to corner of soup plantation.
Huge deep pothole on Rosecrans heading northeast approaching Pacific Highway just before the highway 5 overpass.
Several deep potholes going east on Friars Rd. from the east side of Friars/San Diego River bridge to Riverdale St.
Pothole at corner of Glenroy St. and  Zion Ave. at crosswalk next to the library.
Wb rosecrans in crosswalk jwo pac hwy
East bound side. Very deep potholes
Major pothole on eastbound Genesee just under the 163 overpass
Large pothole crevice at intersection of Valencia Park & Newcastle St. 92114
CLAIREMONT MESA BL & I 805 SBLARGE POTHOLE ON CLAIREMONT MESA BL EAST OF THE BRIDGE UNDER 805DAMAGED 2 VEHS TIRES
Blacktop of Alley to west of these addresses is worn out and full of holes and irregularities, potentially damaging to vehicles, standing water after rain.
The north and south lanes on Lake Murray from Navajo to San Carlos Drive are terrible. Filled with potholes and ruts. I have to weave in both directions to avoid damaging my car.
Left lane for though traffic has a large hole
8 eastbound, exit to 163n / Friars rd, big pothole in right lane right at the curve.
A few large holes in the street turning left onto garnet
Massive deep dangerous pothole on left side of left lane northbound Sports Arena under I 8 off ramp.  About 12" deep and 18" wide.
Pot holes
The street seems to be sinking in the middle.  There was a project a while ago in which the street was dug up to replace or fix large pipes the middle of the street now seems to be SINKING.  Please come fix it before we have a much larger problem on the cities hands.  Two places obvious in front of 5903 and 5904 and also in front of 5911 and 5912!!!
Big potholes
Several deep potholes in intersection of convoy
Curb dips creating pothole effect
Pothole in right through lane on westbound Balboa Ave
 the corner of Upas and Grim there are a couple of deep potholes as you leave the intersection heading east on Grim. They have become much worse with the recent rains.
There are major potholes on Palm street, Front street and 1st Avenue that need work. Is it possible to get these three streets resurfaced?
3ft x 2-1/2ft pothole
The stretch of Gold Coast Drive between Londonderry and Westonhill is riddled with potholes. People swerve to avoid them which is dangerous

Huge sharp pothole in corner, and on other end of 44th Street
Several deep potholes University/6th offramp from 163 South.
Large pot hole inside left turn lane
NB Fairmount, under overpass, deep long holes when turning right
Amendment to report 02513955: entire alley needs repair, including alley entrance from Alabama st., where Blvd. Fitness patrons park.
POTHOLES WHERE ILLEGAL DUMPING HAPPENS ALL THE TIME (PER CALLER)
3 DANGEROUS potholes on the RIGHT lane going south. Lane that turns into Balboa Ave. they are deep
Pothole at the intersection
Potholes on the eastbound lanes
Pothole at the corner in front of the gas station
The pothole at the crosswalk got worse. Wider and deeper. Eastbound right lane
Massive string of potholes
DRIVING W/B ON MIRAMAR IN MIDDLE LANE AT APPROX 7 AM, FEB 4, 2019.  FRONT LEFT TIRE HIT POTHOLE, CAUSING FLAT.
Potholes near median
TORREY PINES RD & CALLE DE LA PLATALARGE POTHOLE  DAMAGED MULTIPLE CARS PER CALLER
Eastbound Montezuma Rd on both lanes. From Fairmount Ave to Collwood Blvd there are several DANGEROUS potholes spread out
Northbound Fairmount Ave middle lane. Between Montezuma and the 8 Freeway. DEEP AND DANGEROUS POTHOLES
On 56 spread to 5 south, there are lots of cracks and potholes
Multiple, large, potholes along 33Rd st between Lincoln and University.
Lots of potholes and cracks
Lots of potholes and cracks in  road
This area has a lot of potholes and cracks
Potholes in  road and  area
Lots of potholes in  road

Multiple deep potholes on west side and east side of Genesee Ave.
Northbound Ulric just north of Fashion Hills.  Multiple deep holes.
Potholes in front of right turn into the Hyatt business park
CAR DAMAGING POTHOLE LEFT MOST LANE ON THE BRIDGE ON INGRAHAM ST GOING S/B TOWARDS 8 FREEWAY
Large pothole before San Diego river bridge
Middle of the North end of Reagan Road from Mira Mesa Blvd. 2-3" deep pothole.  intersection of Reagan Road and New Salem Street.
Pothole at least 8-12 inches deep in northbound lane at intersection
Ingra ham southbound left lane just before the bridge heading into point Loma, the bridge just passed Seaworld Drive, left lane. My girlfriend and I were driving to Ruth?s Chris for dinner and we hit  pothole that was so massive that it jolted the entire front end of the car 2 1/2?3 feet off the ground! Needless to say it destroyed our front left tire put us behind about $890! I don?t know if you guys are hiring? Or how hard it is to actually fill potholes here in San Diego but where I?m from in Minnesota it?s pretty  serious! Please let me know if you guys need hiring man power to actually keep your road safe! My cell is 858-252-9915 that single pot hole is creating tens if not hundreds of thousands of dollars with the damage it be nice if our tax dollars are actually put to use!
Potholes westbound
Big ol pothole right by stop line
NB 1st Ave North of Laurel has multiple large potholes. Urgently needs to be addressed before next rainfall!!!
Pothole in middle of intersection

pothole per pd
This is an intense pothole! The area has 4-5 gnarly potholes that need to be taken care of ASAP. Thank you!
Another gnarly pothole in  area! Thank you for fixing ASAP!
Another gnarly pothole,  one directly underneath the 5. Thank you for fixing ASAP!
Pothole
The crosswalk on the east side of the intersection of park and Robinson has very large potholes.
This pothole is huge! Thank you for fixing!
In the intersection
SINKHOLE PER PD  IN FRONT OF COUNTY MENTAL HEALTH
Several deep potholes at crosswalk Florida St. & El Cajon Blvd.
Huge pothole about a foot in diameter and also deep.

Pothole at intersection of Upas & 32nd.
LARGE POTHOLE IFO ADDR
Potholes all the way from Camino DEL Este Del Reina to Friars Road. Multi Eiffel getting very bad
I submitted a request for our alley to get repaved. 's been on  app for 131 days and nothing has been done. Our alley has so many potholes.  I won't even drive in it.
POTHOLE IN S/B LANE ON INGRAHAM
Hi. Recently our street was repaved. Thanks!   looks almost perfect. There is an area at the west end of a Tambor where the asphalt is not complete. Can it please be fixed?  Thank you.
PER SDPD THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE WEST OF THE INTERSECTON IN THE EAST BOUND LANE.
Deep pothole from work construction had steel plates from the corners the 14th & island
Pothole on each side of North and South intersection
VERY DANGEROUS POTHOLES IN THE MIDDLE OF THE INTERSECTION WERE MONTEZUMA ENDS AT EL CAJON BLVD
Potholes
Very large pothole on Adams Ave off ramp from 805 south
There are five large shallow potholes on  street.
If going south, first lane crossing Woodman

Large Pothole

There is a series of potholes and crumbling street heading North at the intersection of 1st Ave and Laurel street in the Bankers Hill/Hillcrest area,In front of the bus stop. I've already written about his before and was told it was fixed. I drive by there every work day and nothing has been done for the past year. The photo I've included is only part of it. Your attention is greatly appreciated. Thank you.
large pothole popping tires,  w. of seaworld -pothole in left lane going south
Potholes
Big pothole in westbound left lane just before light at top of hill.
Shitty pothole fix is already coming up and was just filled less than a week ago!
There are at least 8 holes that are getting pretty badd act of  last rain
Very deep pot hole in fast lane of the bridge, going towards Spirts Arena. Car in front of me blew L. Front tire and I don't know how it didn't happen to my car! Very dangerous!!
3 very deep potholes
2 large deep potholes
Numerous potholes on University off ramp from southbound Highway 163. Left lane, some are quite large & deep.
Large pothole at intersection of Leon Ave and Hollister Road (west side).
Huge pothole right lane of westbound washington st just before the india st. Light
Small pothole 10 yards of intersection of Leon Ave. and Saturn Blvd (southbound lane).
Pot hole, westbound left lane.
Huge pothole in intersection going toward costco
Large pothole
Pot hole, left side of left lane, northbound on Convoy.
Northbound right lane. Intersection of Convoy and Dagget. Previously patched pothole is huge again.
Many enormous potholes on Genesee in both directions between 163 South and Linda Vista Road
Huge hole, all tires hit metal
This section of Elm Street, between 18th St. and Saturn Blvd., has more potholes than actual blacktop ( zip code 92154).
Really large pothole
Multiple medium to large potholes on Genesee Ave between Linda Vista Rd and Hwy 163. Mostly in the fast lane.
large pothole just after the gas station heading north on La Jolla shores Drive
Exposed street wires in pothole
pot hole on east bound side of   heavily traffic road above Azure Coast Dr
Two giant potholes in the middle of the road
Severely damaged asphalt (cracked with potholes) on eastbound lane throughout road between S. 58th St. and Valencia Pkwy.
Genesee between 163 and Linda Vista and more on Genesee in both directions. Holes filled up water it's so bad.
Recent road repair has sunk, the parking places are rutted, the pavement gone.
Large pothole, disrupting traffic
Multiple deep, expanding potholes on both sides of the road.  Drivers are trying to avoid them, and in the process, drive dangerously swerving into other lanes.
Large pothole
Multiple deep giant potholes after the rain
Large pothole westbound lane 1 blew out my left front tire.
WEST BOUND LANE BEFORE INTERSECTION, POTHOLE  POPPED MY TIRE, ACROSS THE STREET FROM IHOP
Driving with flow of traffic  and hit unmarked pothole or incomplete prior repair to road and both tires on passenger side immediately popped up red warning on dashboard and were flat within a mile. Mercedes Roadside assistance was called and the tow truck took the vehicle to Mercedes of San Diego. Aside from the clear tire damage there may also been rim and alignment and other issues once the car is detailed reviewed and put on lift.  Had to obtain a rental car.  Initial estimate was $797.25 not counting tow or car rental.
Pothole, right side of east bound right lane.
Multiple pot holes.  Impossible for vehicles to avoid.  Deep enough to cause accidents.
pothole
This is not a pothole, but a sink hole in progress. In the middle of Ticonderoga St.  appears to be a sewage pipe or storm drain under the road. There are manhole covers in line with the depression.
Genesee between Linda Vista rd and 163 has been bad , but is downright dangerous right now.  Very heavily traveled road
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE HAZARDOUS POTHOLES ON THE GENESEE BETWEEN 163 & LINDA VISTA
Our street is in need of repair. The entrance the our complex's driveway is getting worse with the rain that's been going on.
Potholes on Route 805 offramp to Adams / Madison
WB Washington at India pot hole right lane
Large potholes just as entering I-15S on-ramp from Miramar road. Resulted in a puncture of a fairly new tire on my car!
WB Washington St under I-5 overpass in need of resurfacing due to several potholes
Large pothole in the right-hand lane of westbound Torrey Pines Road in the intersection with Calle De La Plata. Appears to be related to work in progress on underground utilities nearby. Photo/video album at: https://photos.app.goo.gl/ZXDpayaQD1oNFLAx7
Very deep crevice
Multiple large potholes in the left hand turn lane to get onto the 163
Close to 2637 Strandway loose underground cover for new undergrounding project.  Making one hell of a racket when vehicles drive down alley and over cover.
The intersection of Girard Ave and Pearl Street in La Jolla is a pothole mess.   There is uneven concrete and patchwork both in the street and in the corresponding sidewalks on all 4 corners.  This entire intersection needs to be ripped up and repaired, both in the street and the sidewalks.   I saw that the Western end of Pearl Street is scheduled to be completely repaved soon.   Please also do the rest of Pearl Street (From La Jolla Blvd all the way to Miramar Ave on the East end).  This is a very heavily used street and it all needs work, especially where it intersects with GIrard.
QUARTER MILE EAST OF LITTLE ST.  IN #2 LANE
The intersection of Girard Ave and Pearl Street in La Jolla is a pothole mess.   There is uneven concrete and patchwork both in the street and in the corresponding sidewalks on all 4 corners.  This entire intersection needs to be ripped up and repaired, both in the street and the sidewalks.   I saw that the Western end of Pearl Street is scheduled to be completely repaved soon.   Please also do the rest of Pearl Street (From La Jolla Blvd all the way to Miramar Ave on the East end).  This is a very heavily used street and it all needs work, especially where it intersects with GIrard.
quarter mile East of little st.  #2 lane
3 very large, deep potholes located on Washington St (going East) in left turn lane for onramp to 163.
POTHOLE  EAST BOUND ON  GARNETT AT INTERSECTION
Real bad road condition at the intersection: Carmel Mountain Road and Entreken Way
Pothole center of the road
Large DEEP pothole in the dipping part of the intersection at University Ave and 54th St.
Large pothole in lane #2 on eastbound Scripps Poway Parkway about 100 yards west of Angelique intersection.
Large pothole in lane #2 on eastbound Scripps Poway Parkway about 40 yards west of Angelique intersection.
Large pothole in lane #2 on eastbound Scripps Poway Parkway about 10 yards west of Angelique intersection.
Large pothole causing damage to tire rim.
This holes have been here almost a year now since they tried to fix the water lines in our street. This can damage/ cause accident as  vehicles passed by because 2 of the holes were deep and huge.
Giant 3 foot by 2 foot and 6" deep pothole on southbound Morena Blvd just after bridge over Balboa Avenue, and just before Paul Jones Ave
A lot of grooves and potholes that have been getting larger over the years. Southbound Ingraham Street.
Pothole at Parkside Ave and Dardaina St
Pothole at Parkside Ave and Dardaina Dr
Large/deep pothole in intersection of Carmel Mountain Rd. and Cantor Heights Drive under light in left lane on west-bound side of road
Gold Coast Dr. from east of San Ramon Dr.   Just before our latest round of rain, I watched a city truck and one man crew dump filler into various potholes.  Give it a good bash with the same shovel then get in the truck and spend longer looking at their phone than was spent "fixing" the potholes.   Now that we had a good rain nearly all the "repair" work has washed away.  Some new holes are deep enough to swallow half an orange road cone, but disguised because they are filled with water.  What a waste of resource, time and money
TYLER 858-722-8120 POTHOLES IN MIDDLE OF THE ROAD
Along College Ave South between on ramps of I-8 West & I-8 East. Cracks on the roadway plus some bad potholes.
Huge pothole in the right lane of westbound Torrey Pines Rd near intersection of Calle De La Plata. So big that you cannot avoid it and causes some cars to bottom out.
Large pothole in right side left-turn lane of northbound Convoy St (turning left onto westbound Balboa Ave). Pothole is immediately before the intersection.
Serious pothole on entrance ramp just at merge to I-5 southbound.  Nearly caused loss of control and damaged front drivers side tire.
Potholes
Potholes
There is a large pothole/sinkhole in the traffice This has been an ongoing issue. a repair was made but the is about the same prior to the repair.
Huge pothole located approx 1/4 blk west of 805 exit onto Balboa Ave West -- far right lane -- Clairemont 92117
Pothole on the left lane going east in front of Social Security Office
Pothole on the left lane going west
Pothole on the left lane going west near public library
Pothole on the middle of the intersection with Ruffin very deep and dangerous going east
Right lane going west at the traffic signal with Mission Village. Please fix the pothole?
Middle of the intersection with Alvarado Canyon Rd going north. Potholes
Between the 8 exit traffic signal and Alvarado Canyon Rd going north. SEVERAL DEEP POTHOLES SPREAD OUT ACROSS BOTH LANES. PLEASE REPAIR
Pothole
Large pothole in the cross walk area, near the Southwest corner
Large pothole on governor drive South in the right lane heading down the Hill towards 52 freeway right near Radcliff Ln.
Massive, deep pothole
From the Aldine on ramp to Fairmount ave north the road is a land mine of dangerous potholes. This road is disintegrating before our eyes and you only think it appropriate to do poor patch jobs.... the City should be embarrassed and sued for the damage it is causing to my car!
3 potholes on exit to taylor street
Southbound off ramp middle Lane and Washington intersection 3 midsize potholes
Potholes on 805 N on ramp
a foot and half wide in diameter and at least 4-6 inches deep
Eastbound Nobel just West of the intersection
This depression in the road is about 4 inches deep.  Cars swerving into the right hand lane to avoid it or if they drive through it they hit it very hard.
Multiple deep pot holes
There are potholes all up-and-down the boa Avenue going towards Genesee. They need to be fixed they are massive
Huge pothole in the middle of the road. I ride a motorcycle and hit it and almost fell because it's so deep.
3 potholes
Large pothole in the bike lane
Large pothole in cross walk on Balboa Ave in right lane headed west
3 large potholes in a line heading up the hill towards University
There are two 10' x 10' square areas at  intersection that were never filled back w/ concrete.  A crew came out and tried filling w/ asphalt, but with all the rain that didn't hold long.. now there are several very deep pot holes in both areas.  Please have these filled correctly w/ concrete.  The city had removed a tree before in the intersection and redid the concrete boulevard but never filled these two 10' x 10' areas back w/ concrete.  Please refill and complete  job correctly!!!
4 INCH DEEP POT HOLE AS YOU TURN RIGHT COMING OF THE 54. APPROXIMATE 6100 BLOCK OF PARKSIDE.
Pothole opened up again
3 huge pit holes very deep
Intersection of mission Bay drive and Balboa (going east on Balboa) has a big pothole
Many large potholes have formed along the road in  area. Pieces of asphalt are scattered across the road. This is also a road traveled by many ambulances.
Potholes in concrete alley behind address
3 or more potholes in southbound lanes between La Jolla Village Drive and Esplanade Ct.. Pothole at intersection of Esplanade Ct. and Genesee Ave. in northbound number 1 lane.
numerous potholes in southbound lanes between Hillery Drive and Gold Coast Drive
Hole in middle of street
Big pothole at the 805 entrance off of 32nd and Madison. 's gotten significantly bigger in the past few days.
EUCLID & CERVANTES -  BAD POTHOLE
There is a giant pothole on Upas Street, just east of Grim Avenue.  is along the center stripe and is about 24 inches across and several inches deep.
Ridiculous amounts of potholes!! I just popped my tire. This whole street needs concrete resurfacing. Not bandaids that pop up after it rains.
BAD POTHOLE AT OLVERA & LOGAN  N/B
Massive pothole across road. High priority.
Pothole 200 ft south of Friars
Large/deep pothole rightmost northbound lane.
The holes in the street here are awful and you can't avoid them because of how narrow the lane is.  Please fix  Street!  's been like  for years.
huge pothole on the peedsetrain crossing on Governor
Huge potholes in crosswalk
There are probably 20 potholes along Genesee Ave after Linda Vista road heading east towards the 163 freeway ramps (and many the other direction westbound ). 's nearly impossible not to hit them as you are trying to drive - especially at night. This entire stretch of road desperately needs to be fully repaved. 's looking like a 3rd world country.
Large pot hole in left lane heading south just before you cross the west mission bay bridge.
Street resurfacing portion seems to be collapsing. Has sunken various inches. This is causing street to crack and damage to vehicles. potential sink-hole problem.
Three potholes on edge of Roselle st during the left turn onto 5N. Dangerous with cars dodging and swerving. Cars and bikes at risk.
Large asphalt patch has sunk
2 LARGE POT HOLES  CAR DAMAGING VIA DEL CAMPO AS TURN SOUTHBOUND TO RANCHO BERNARDO
Multiple potholes on  street.
Potholes at south side of intersection at El Cajon Boulevard and Florida Street.  The City needs to find a permanent solution to the water that constantly erodes the asphalt and creates potholes.
large pothole in intersection north bound Ingraham St  lanes in intersection.
Located in an entrance to a busy parking structure at San Diego State University. Hundreds of cars go through the road in a daily manner and the recent rains have created a sense of paranoia and worry of driving over the pothole.
West Mission Bay Drive heading south in left hand land just before exit to Sea World Drive.  Very large and deep pothole. Dangerous.
3 VERY large potholes in the turning lane to enter the 163 from Washington eastbound
Several potholes on EB left lane. under the over pass so the change in light make them hard to see in order to avoid
Pothole
The entry way onto the 163 from Washington street eastbound has several large potholes in the lane. The largest being in the front of the lane.  total of three large potholes counted in  entryway onto the freeway.
3 potholes at least 18" across in the left turn lane of the Washington st exit to the 163 north
Pothole on southbound Rosecrans. Rt. lane.
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Pot holes heading West on Balboa Ave in lanes 1 and 2 between Mt. Abernathy and Genesee Ave
I didn?t see the large pothole on Paradise Valley Rd eastbound between Briarwood & past Meadowbrook because the sun was in my eyes & ended up driving thru the pothole  damaging both my lefts tire & causing them to go flat.
Pothole at 5091 Acuna.
Potholes
5081 Acuna St
Street is either sinking OR poor repair
Several deep pot holes on Harbor Drive between Laurel and the airport.
Pothole in left lane. 2 feet wide by at least 4 feet long. Easily a foot deep. Watched a Jeep hit the pothole directly and had to pull over afterwards.
Potholes
Pothole next to intersection on south side Clairemont  Blvd at Diane Av on south bound Diane
Potholes along the entire stretch of 37th street between Orange Avenue and El Cajon  Blvd
Multiple large potholes in #1 lane on westbound Balboa Avenue, 6100 block.
There is a rather deep pothole at 36th & Market, near the Mt Hope Cemetary
Pothole n/b Diane Ave at 4856 Diane. Second hole same block, across from 4948 Diane Ave
Deep pothole
Huge Pothole, very damaging to cars and in highly used exit
There is a pothole right before the bridge that is very deep. I caught some air and bent my rim. I had to be towed off the scene, I was blocking traffic for about 10 minutes. Thanks.
There are multiple potholes that are across the entire eastbound lane at the corner of West Bernardo Court and Via Tazon. The only way to avoid all these potholes is to drive in the westbound lane, which is very unsafe.
Southbound Diane Ave at 4807 Diane Ave
Pothole S/b Diane Ave at 4772 Diane Ave
potholes- coming from the east to the west the street between the 163 and linda vista rd was a minefield of potholes- it was dark and rainy on fri night but I'm sure that was what the issue was- I cannot get the map to register genesee ave but it is on genesee ave not on some other smaller street
Re-opening a previous ticket (02486171) due to recurrence of multiple potholes as a result of new rain storms.  On Gold Coast Drive, between Westonhill Drive and Black Mountain Road, there are many potholes of varying sizes. They have been filled and repaired countless times. This stretch needs to be addressed in a more permanent manner. Please consider doing so. Thank you.
Large potholes by railroad tracks. Contact is Darleen at 619-972-3524
one block west of I-15 on Miramar Road there are five pot holes
Many potholes on El Camino Real between Half Mile Drive and Quarter Mile Drive - both sides going north and south.
Deep potholes all over  road from when you enter from El cajon Blvd all the way to the freeway 8 West and East. This is getting bad to where multiple cars hit these potholes and are having tires blown.i myself have experienced it twice now. 's getting unavoidable.
Large Potholes at the intersection of Gold Coast Drive and San Ramon in the Mira Mesa area
Lots of potholes. Contact is Darleen at 619-972-3524
RIGHT TURN BEFORE RAIL CT
Howard Avenue in North Park between 30th Street and 32nd Street are horrible. Lots of holes/bumps and big dips at the intersections where cars always bottom out. Please evaluate for full repair
E/B 50' BEFORE GREENBAY
Very deep potholes on the south side,  where the unused RR tracks cross Washington Street. A hazard to cars going over them.
FROM CONSTITUENT:I travel on Genesee to and from the 163 off ramp and the road has been in terrible condition for a very, very long time. With all of the recent rain, there are so many potholes along  area is is becoming more holes that paved road.  is extremely dangerous to be driving on  road and at night I am having a hard time even seeing them without hitting a terrible hole and compromising my car.. Can  area please get expedited for road repair? it needs to be fully repaved, not band aid fixes..  I hit a massive one. You should not have to be driving on a road like you are playing mario kart dodging things.
There are two large potholes going east in underpass.  is causing damage to lots of cars.
very big pothole  LOGAN AVE BETWEEN SAMPSON & 26TH
Pothole
Pot hole on San Diego Mission Rd exiting Kinder Morgan facility, hazard for gasoline tanker trucks exiting onto city road
BIG POT HOLE GOING WEST  ON GOVERNOR AFTER  YOU GO THROUGH THE INTERSECTION  LEFT LANE.
Large grapefruit-sized chunks of asphalt in Left Westbound lanes of Miramar Rd/La Jolla Village Dr  at I-805 Overpass
POT HOLE SOUTHBOUND NEAR CENTER ISLAND SOUTH MT ETNA
POTHOLE
There?s a double pothole here and its very deep and it messed up the bottom of my car & it made a piece come off
Double pothole on the right lane by the Cal Copy under SDSU?s white bridge
POTHOLE
Big pothole in intersection
Numerous potholes and broken asphalt on Friars Rd
Giant pothole in front of the old Radio Shack
Potholes
Large pothole on Navajo at intersection with Lake Murray Bl
Two huge potholes after intersection
Potholes
The condition off the asphalt on El Cajon Boulevard is terrible.
There is a number of large Potholes where Hotel Circle and Taylor Street meet. I ride a  motorcycle and the size of the pothole will cause an accident.
Deep pothole in alley
Genesee East Bound under the 163 has Three Large Potholes that take up the enitre east bound lane.  I ride a motorcycle and the size of the potholes will cause an accident.
Pothole
The stretch between the 163 and West Bound Genesee towards Linda Vist Rd is slated with dozens of Potholes in the left hand lane. The holes are so bad that vechiles are swerving into the right lane to avoid. This will cause an accident.
Kerney Villa Road South Bound to Balboa Ave West Bound has a massive pothole in the right hand turn lane. This pothole will abosolutly pop a tire and damage a wheel, in turn, causing an accident.
In the interchange between the 8 East Bound and the 163 North Bound there is a massive pothole in the right hand lane of the interchange.  I ride a  motorcycle and the size of the pothole will cause an accident.
series of 3-4 pot holes at top of hill on Ulric north
There is a very large pothole in the Northbound lane on West Hills Parkway which is part of San Diego.  is north of Mission Gorge road on West Hills Parkway on the northbound side right before the intersection of Carlton Oaks Blvd. The pothole is about 2x2ft , a very large hole that should be fixed asap. There are several potholes on the southbound lane also of West Hills Pwky in San Diego. Please fix asap. Thank you!
Pot hole  before the driveway.
Two giant potholes on right edge as you are coming off Adams Ave offramp when coming south on i5
Multiple potholes on Genesee north and south
multiple potholes, worst one is going e/b near lindbergh elementary school
In pic: pothole 1 of 2, about 30 ft apart. End of off ramp from 805s to Adams Ave. Maybe Caltrans responsibility?
Large pothole south bound just before i-8 on overpass.
Pothole
Approx 3ft x 2ft on ramp 15N from 94E.
4 POTHOLES IN THE CENTER LANE GOING W/B ON BALBOA
Bad and eroding pothole on Clairemont Mesa Drive at the intersection at Clairemont Drive.
Terrible asphalt condition
Pothole

Numerous deep pot holes
Deep pothole by fire station.
Cross walk  at intersection of Girard Ave and Pearl St. East end. Potholes and damaged pavement. Have seen multiple people trip and fall while walking in  crosswalk. Repair crews fixed a broken pipe months ago and left  area a total disaster area. Looks like kids did the fix. Very poor work. Please fix before someone gets seriously injured.
Huge deep potholes Linda Vista Rd & exit 163.  Please send someone to look at them?
There was a huge pothole that I hit on my way to work on 02/14/19 and several other cars hit it as well.  was on the corner of E and Union Street by the Edward J. Shwartz Courthouse building. I took a picture of it and my flat tire. I had to call my roadside assistance to get the spare tire put on. I took the picture the day after the incident and an orange cone was already placed next to it. I feel I should be reimbursed for my tire, I was late to work and had to leave early to get a new tire since it was pouring down rain.  was the front tire on the passenger side, The pothole was huge and part of the street was torn up next to it. The hole was so big it damaged the whole tire and the tire couldn't be saved. I am a single mom and I could not afford tires right now. I had to put it on my credit card because that is a big expense right now with having to pay for my son's daycare on the 15th. I would really appreciate if the city would reimburse me for my tire. Thank you so much.
Major tire swallowing pothole in front of old Radio Shack for cars going east bound. Another major pothole on Ingraham south bound traffic by Chevron stations.
W/B BALBOA POTHOLE IN THE #2 LANE NEAR CONVOY INTERSECTION, RUDOLPH 6192460294
Potholes in front of Volvo
big pothole in the middle of Datsun street and Otay Valley
 least 4 large potholes on Worden St between Valeta St & Bob St
Numerous large potholes.
20 plus large potholes
163 turn lane entrance facing east on Washington has 2 massive potholes. One in the middle of the turn lane and the other one is exiting the turn lane.
40 plus potholes in front of Target in both directions.
Large potholes
Large pothole
Very large pot hole on corner turning from College Ave. to Navajo eastbound.  Many other new potholes on Navajo between College Ave. and Parkridge.
Pothole on Beeler canyon rd. In San Diego city limit.
Many potholes and broken pavement on Golfcrest Dr. between Mission Gorge Rd. and Tuxedo.
Deep pothole right before Ingraham Street Bridge. The pothole caused me to have a flat tire.
There are numerous pothole on  section of Fairmont Avenue all the way from Mission Gorge Rd. to Friars Rd.
Many potholes and broken pavement on Birchcreek Rd. between Jackson Dr. and Melotte St.
Several potholes on both sides of the street between Fontaine St and Mission Gorge Rd
Several potholes along Balboa Avenue between 805 and Mt Abernathy
potholes all over
Potholes, eastbound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd right after crossing Convoy Street.
Pothole @ Manchester rd & saranac
Entire left lane heading north on Genessee between Richland and Linda Vista Road full of potholes.
Eastbound Genessee under 163 bridge, 2 potholes left hand lane.
2 large potholes in left turn lane when heading east for entrance on to 163
Potholes at the intersection of New Salem Street and Camino Ruiz
Pothole just as you turn right from 32nd street to the 805 North ramp...
One huge dangerous pothole and like 3 little holes on  road going up the hill in the left hand lane. The huge pothole could cause a bent rim to our cars and also throw offf a car's alignment. If I would have hit  pothole, I could have lost $300+ from having to get a new rim new tire and pay for another alignment.
Potholes
Very bad pothole in center lane
Large pothole in the middle of the road.
Three large potholes in the turn lane from eastbound Washington Street to the I-163 on-ramp.
Large pothole at intersection in front of Fire Station in crosswalk. Contact is Mark at 619-820-6412
Deep, large hole (18-24inches) in the middle of the intersection.
There is a huge pothole in the middle of the alley behind Churchward St in San Diego, 92114. The alley is between Churchward St and Manzanares Way. Vehicles have been getting stuck and we have been unable to drive through. This issue has been going on for at least three weeks.
Large pothole about 2 ft wide and a couple of inches deep located in the eastbound side of the crosswalk by Joyner Elementary School.
Pothole about a foot or so wide and a couple of inches deep located in the westbound side of Myrtle near intersection with 42nd
Pothole in the middle of the road. I've fell in it like 4 times already
deep potjole about the size of a car wheel after rain about 6ft from the curb just outside the mexican restaurant. I watched cars go into it a few times.

Going east. Right lane on garnet. Several ridiculously large potholes - will cause flats

Deep pothole in right lane as you drive North on Clairemont Dr.
Multiple deep potholes on eastbound Genesee Avenue between the 163 and Richland.
North and South bound lanes of El Camino Real between Half Mile Drive and the 56 Freeway. Huge potholes.
pretty bad hole
North and South bound High Bluff Drive from Lady Hill Road to Del Mar Heights Road is littered with pot holes and deteriorating pavement surfaces.
On sb Genesee Ave.  This part of Genesee is full of street problems, especially on nb Genesee, between 163 and linda Vista rd
Big pothole on the ramp coming off of I-15 south, turning left onto Ohio Street to head north off the exit.
Nb Genesee Ave between the 163 and linda Vista Rd has multiple jarring potholes....
There is a very deep pothole on the corner of College Avenue where it turns into Navajo Road just under the stoplight.  Every car that  turns has their wheel drop into it.  Dangerous at night.
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Potholes in intersection of George Cooke Express and West Bernardo
Several potholes - First Avenue at Laurel Street - NE corner of First at Laurel.
Lots of potholes
Damn pothole destroyed the alignment and created a small  tread flat tire  in my new used Mercedes that I only just bought a few hours earlier!! I AM FREAKIN? PISSED!
There are multiple potholes on the 2400 and 2500 blocks of Genesee Ave.  All potholes are on the west side of 163 HWY.
Potholes and asphalt breaking up causing more potholes.  1000 block & 1100 block is worse area
There is a huge rectangular pot hole that was probably left when construction crew or contractor was to fill the road however they did not feel it properly and is ruining cars. There is also a 2nd square shaped one just south still on for street that is  not as big but similar issue.
N/B CAMINO RUIZ IN THE LEFT LANE TO MIRALANI DR
in both lanes s/b camino ruiz before the jade coast traffic signal , steve 8586828648
Pothole in intersection
Large pothole at the signal light at Washington & India  St., in the right lane of Washington going  West
Deep pothole in left-hand lane of southbound Mission Bay Drive, not far from where the 8 freeway crosses.
Lots of potholes in left lane of northbound Santo Rd between the highschool and Clairemont Mesa Rd.
One pothole in eastbound lane of Scripps Lake Dr just before Mountain Glen Terrace.
Pothole on left turn lane to 163north
Two large, separate pot holes on the 25th street off ramp.

potholes at intersection new salem and comino ruiz cars are bottoming out eastside of comino ruiz also intersection always has water 92126
Multiple potholes on the southbound lane from Monroe to Meade Ave.
Potholes on the northbound number 2 lane of Fairmount Avenue Expressway.
Major pothole on left side of lefthand eastbound lane under the I-5 bridge on West Washington
Several potholes from Hathaway to Ashford along Eckstrom Ave.

Large pothole 2-1/2ft by 12" and very deep. Contact is Breton at 619-962-1725
2nd time reported. Who do I bribe?
Big pothole that has been filled recently,  but is now bigger, about 1.5 feet in diameter.
POTHOLE
Large pothole in intersection. Contact is Robert at 619-309-3649
Large pothole 50ft south of intersection on 1st Av. Contact is Robert at 619-309-3649
Large pothole. Contact is Robert at 619-309-3649
2 side by side pot holes in right lane have recently been filled. However not full enough & still hazardous to vehicles.

POTHOLEE/B BEFORE DOVE CANYON
POTHOLE
The pothole is near the northwest corner of the intersection of Upas street and 32nd Street, but is on Upas Street.  is large enough for a car tire to enter and drop about 4 inches.
The whole street of Via Frontera needs re-surfacing. Previous work done on  road and now additional potholes and cracked surfaces
Long and wide pothole eastbound on Balboa Ave, middle lane just east of Mercury St
There are 2 large potholes. One is on street at entrance to driveway. The other is in front of the house where the street meets the gutter.
On nb Genesee Ave.  There are multiple potholes on Genesee Ave between the 163 and linda Vista Rd. Thanks for fixing. You are preventing damage to countless cars' suspensions, tires, brakes..... Thanks
Pothole on Paradise Valley Road east bound just west of Meadowbrook, right lane.
multiple potholes on w/b 6851 alvarado rd, 6755 alvarado rd and at the intersection of resevoir dr & alvarado rd, Michelle 6192550618
My last report submitted as 3060 51st Street. However it should have been 3075 51st street. There are a few potholes along the street by the gutter including one by the driveway which is damaging my car.
Potholes
five feet east of intersection with 62nd Street, on North side.  Two foot pothole about 5 inches deep. Plus several smaller potholes.
 the entrance to the frontage road off lake Murray Blvd
Corner of Keating and Guy St.  There are several potholes on Guy St.
north and south directions on Mercury St from 4411 Mercury St, San Diego, CA 92111 to 8080 Clairemont Mesa Blvd, San Diego, CA 92111.  road is badly ton up missing pavement, two inch cracks running north and south, multiple potholes, road needs repair asap and then resurface repave the road
8080 Dagget St, San Diego, CA 92111 to 3 Dagget St, San Diego, CA 92111.  damage is east and west in both directions of the road.  Multipe potholes, missing pavement, two inch cracks road needs to be patched and put on the repave list.  Please reapair  road there is a leaking pipe on the intersection of dagget and convoy that needs repair.  Mayor will be called if not fixed.
7710 Ruffner St, San Diego, CA 92111 to 5038 Ruffner St, San Diego, CA 92111 mutple pot holes in both directions north and south, two inc cracks running north and south, missing pavement, blucking, please path the road and resurface the road, thanks.
Many potholes at intersection of mission gorge road and friars road
Massive pothole in the right lane before the traffic before the gas station
Potholes on Tennessee south of Balboa to the 163Genessee not Tennessee
Genessee not Tennessee
Large pothole
crater
the twins
meteor crash site
the big tuna
Two pot holes in the alley. One near my home.
On El Cajon Blvd at Hamilton there is a large pothole. There is also another pothole full of water about 30feet west of the one I am reporting is another pothole....they are both on the north side of the boulevard.
Street badly potholed from intersection of Alvarado Rd and College, down to Alvarado Rd and Alvarado Ct.
Eastbound Washington St, In the exit lane for 163 N. Several large potholes!
Multiple potholes
Huge pothole on college ave in front of Dominos.
potholes after recent rains but they?ve been there in smaller diameter for a long time.  In the northbound right-hand turn lane immediately north of tecolote.
Giant and dangerous pot hole
Street needs fix!!!
Large pothole on left lane northbound. Almost unavoidable.
There is a 3 to 4 inch deep and about a 1.5 foot long pothole on Kemper St at Midway Dr.  Located on the northbound side of Kemper going towards Home Depot from Midway Dr. s located in the water dip that crosses Kemper.
Located by Buca's BACK parking lot/plaza entrance, covering 2 lanes (2nd + 3rd from furthest left), after the light on Westview Parkway & Mira Mesa Blvd heading towards 15-south Freeway for ~100ft. On Thur Feb 14 @~12:30 AM, it had rained all week, I was driving home from my sister's & my car dipped on the driver front side & I heard a loud *thud* that resembled as if I had hit a deep hole. As I approach the interstate 15 South Freeway entrance on Mira Mesa Blvd, I realized something is wrong with my tire/rim & pulled over immediately. The pot hole had severely damaged my tires/rims/suspension. I fear  will happen to another drivers' tires/car/rims. I am still unsure about the estimated cost of repairs as the car is still being looked at. Was told at LEAST $2,500. I would like to file a Damage Claim with the appropriate SD department to see what can be done to help compensate the auto repair costs for the tires, rims, suspension/axles. Thank you so much. I have more pictures of the damage to my vehicle.
Potholes in the median lines on the curve
There is a large pot hole in the left lane of Northbound Fairmount Ave.  I believe it was around Montezuma.   was definitely most of the way down the hill going towards Hwy 8.  Please fix.  Thanks
There is a large pot hole in the right lane going on Fairmount Ave southbound after the Camino Del Rio intersection and before the Hwy 8 Westbound on ramp.
Very large pothole in eastbound lane of University, just before Herbert St.
Potholes
Large pothole
After the rain all  appear in 34th st corner with j st  is very bad to go througt with the car is a close end street so we have to go trougth there. If some one can help plz thank you.
The street is full of potholes
Numerous potholes near the left turn lane
Two potholes next to each other going west. Hard to swerve around because there's two.
W. Mission Bay Drive.  Entrance to Point Loma, left lane.   With 162 likes, it might be a good idea to get  one fixed asap.
Boulder lake ave. Massive potholes from Navajo to Cowles Mountain Rd
When coming off the off ramp from 805 South (taking the Adams Avenue exit) before you approach the stop sign to turn right onto Ohio, there are two HUGE potholes.  If you do not serve to the left, your right side tires will go into both potholes. The first ones is three feet wide and the second is two feet wide.
Hugh pot hole once you exist the 805.  Just got a flat tire and so did another vehicle behind me.
Very deep pothole
Via Frontera is falling apart. Potholes and uneven pavement. A few thousand car trips are made on  road every day by people working at the businesses along Via Frontera. The road surface is in terrible condition from the beginning, all the way down to Petco Headquarters.
Hi. We are waiting for AAA to repair our flat. We hit a deep, nasty pot hole on Genesee and Mt Ethan heading south. A motorcycle rider could be thrown!   needs immediate attention!
There is a 2? wide 4? deep massive pothole at the base of the bridge on Ingraham heading into crown point from PB
INGRAHAM ST & CROWN POINT DRLARGE POTHOLESUBSTANTIAL SIZE & AFFECTING TRAFF PER PD PLS EXPEDITE
Golfcrest between Tuxedo and Monte verde
There are a couple very deep potholes as you approach the stop sign at the Madison/Adams Ave offramp from the Southbound 805. I have hit them several times in the last few dates with a violent jolting of my SUV. Please fix asap before someone gets hurt or a vehicle damaged. Thanks
Westbound lanes, just before 15 interchange. Several areas.
Eastbound friars just past bridge
Large deep potholes at south corner of El Cajon Blvd. and Florida St.  This has been a problem for a number of years whether it's raining or not, however the recent rain made it worse. Extremely hazardous condition at the present. Asphalt patch is not sufficient. A concrete strip is necessary.  This was reported by me two years ago and was featured on channel 10 news.
Two large, deep potholes
Pothole
Potholes
Pothole
Potholes
These two holes spanning both lanes have been opened multiple times and re-filled.  Each time, the areas have been re-filled, the have not been done properly or completely.  The result is that the material used to fill becomes compacted and the potholes form again.  If city workers are going to open up an area, they need to ensure they fill it properly so that a depression and pothole is not formed.
Huge pothole in eastbound right lane on Balboa avenue just east of ruffner road. 's 2 feet wide and 6 inches deep
Giant pot hole in left lane heading south towards 8. Before bridge
Multiple potholes on northbound Lake Murray Blvd. between Lake Arrowhead Drive and Navajo Road.
"Westbrook Ave." heading Northeast passing the first speed bump deep pothole.
32nd and Madison large pothole
Ohio and Madison several large potholes.
Numerous DEEP potholes in Main Street that runs right next to Naval Base San Diego
Friars Rd eastbound at Mission Center Rd Exit, San Diego 92108
Numerous large potholes
Large potholes
Large potholes Westbound on bridge.
Huge pothole in left lane going south.  least 4 cars lost tires there yesterday.
On eastbound Miramar Road, there is a mile-line rift of potholes between Cabot and Carrol Roads. Please fix.
There are a lot of potholes in San Ysidro especially in Via de San Ysidro the street is all potholes especially the one when you make a left turn to Calle Primera. Another pothole is in Via de San Ysidro when you make a right turn to  E. San Ysidro big pothole.
Large sized pothole at intersection. Where Tecolote Rd meets Morena Blvd should all be repaved.
Right lane going west at the signal with Mission Village (stadium exit)
This is the only picture I could take. ALL THE POTHOLES FROM MONTEZUMA RD ALL THE WAY TO ALVARADO CANYON RD GOING NORTH ON FAIRMOUNT. PLEASE FIX THEM
Eastbound Middle lane has multiple potholes that have gotten worse the last 2 weeks
Going west between Tower St and Sandrock Rd, pothole on the right lane just after the dip / alleyExit
WESTBOUND GENESEE @ LINDA VISTA
Large pothole at entrance to 805N ramp from 32nd and Madison Ave.
2900 BLOCK OF MEADOWLARK  TO THE 3000 BLOCK
Large potholes at end of 805S ramp at Ohio and Madison Ave.
Meadowlark and Birmingham have multiple deep potholes from multiple construction projects. Thousands of essentail juvenile hall amd healthcare workers  suffer damage to our cars. Potholes, quick fix,rain,ore potholes,. Dangerous ,given the volume e of traffic on these streets. One accidentcould effect patients not just cars. SD needs to fix these roads!!!
Very large deep pothole in right lane of westbound Washington St just north of India St.  Difficult to avoid pothole without going out of lane.
Severe potholes at the intersection of Vista Sorrento Prkwy North and Sorrento Valley Blvd.  They are at least 5 inches deep if not more.
Pothole due to settlement after asphalt repaie
Pothole
Pothole HUGE Washington Street east bound entering single lane to turn on 163
On the night of 2-14-19, I was driving west on Montezuma Road and took the offramp onto Fairmont Avenue. During  maneuver, I hit a large pothole with the left side of my car, which resulted in a popped front left tire. Connor McMechan
Middle of the road
Pothole needs filling
In front of arco gas station
Pothole in fast lane going east
Huge deep pothole
Deep pothole, southbound middle lane
Pothole and pavement separating where Soledad Road meets Soledad Mountain Road . Street seperation at intersection.
Pothole in fast lane going East after SeaWorld
Pothole approximately 4' long by 1' wide. located #1 lane Southbound West Mission Bay Drive and Sports Arena Blvd, just south of the bridge. Causing damage to cars  morning, 2/20/2019
Numerous potholes along Genesee between Clairemont Mesa Boulevard an Appleton heading north
Pothole
Giant pothole in the left side of the #1 lane on southbound Mission Bay Drive just before the bridge that connects to the freeway. 's a huge pothole that bent my wheel and cost me $500 to replace. This would kill someone on a motorcycle.
Corner of university ave and rolando pothole really bad now!
Large pothole on convoy


slow lane shallow hole
left lane hole
There are three patches that are broken open on the northbound side of 70th (going down the hill) left lane only
from El Cajon Blvd- Northbound on Fairmount Ave to Hwy 8 merge, potholes very bad, rains have now made even worse.
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes on mission Bay drive going north towards 5 north past Balboa next to gas station and mc Donald's
End of theOn ramp to 5 north from mission Bay drive when it meets the freeway to merge
Large pothole on W Washington @ India. Westbound lane in front on traffic light @ India
Multiple DEEP potholes in the left lane heading towards university ave.

Major potholes in middle lane going westbound in front of the porches dealership
Pothole in center lane of westbound Miramar Rd in front of Public Storage.
 south side of intersection of Thorn St and 33rd St.
Pothole
Pothole on the ramp from Witherby St. to Pacific Highway, which drivers hit all the time because they have to keep an eye on traffic on Pacific Highway as they try to merge in.
Pothole line from Ingraham to La Cima.
Big pot holes from Laning Rd toward Nimitz
Multiple large potholes
Huge pot holes from Harbor Drive & Laurel Street Anchor toward terminal 1. 's so dangerous driving on so many huge pot holes.
Deep pothole left lane heading south
On corner of market and front
Front and harbor
Far right lane and very deep
Multiple potholes
South bound on harbor
Pot hole across from 4925 Milton. Also many many many pot holes for two blocks down the hill from  location.
They're back. Same potholes as before on 163 southbound, 6th / University exit. Left lane after pedestrian bridge but before going under Washington bridge. 15-18" diameter 6" deep.
Potholes
Large Pothole at the lower end of Washington Street just before I-5. Pothole is large enough that it is causing a traffic hazard.
Potholes
There is a massive pothole before the bridge headed east.  may have done damage to my car. I will no more soon. I have had 2 other friends drive over it and tell me that they?ve had to pull over afterwards to make sure there?s no damage to their car

The address given is not the only location of potholes/exposed patches where the slurry coating, which is new has worn away.  The problem areas are on both north and south bound Waring Road between Interstate 8 and Orcutt Avenue.
Potholes
Big
Large pothole
Potholes getting worse at the southwest corner of Florida St and El Cajon Blvd. Water is due to a natural spring along a fault line, not a pipe leaking. Pavement is slick, covered in algae, and has many potholes.
Large pothole and badly damaged asphalt in intersection
See Caltrans passing the buck back to the City of San Diego.
Right turn lane from northbound College to eastbound Navajo had a huge pothole on Sunday morning .

Per H73 lots of potholes north and south bound on College Av between Del Cerro Bl and the I-8 need to be repaired today. They are getting worse.
right before you enter the intersection is a pothole large enough to jar the car
Both North/South bound of (4900-5300) Santo Road between Tierrasanta Blvd and Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Besides multiple potholes, the asphalt is gone along the gutter. 1-2? deep and 2-4? wide areas are missing asphalt and are deteriorating due to the age of the street last paved on 1989) and the hundreds of car,bus,and delivery truck trips to and from Lewis Middle School every week.
Potholes
There are 3 + potholes on  right turn (yield). There are no way of going around all of them. All large enough to jar the vehicle and cause damage.
Gigantic, deep pothole. I nearly blew out my tire on . Fortunately, I only lost my hubcap.
Pot holes causing flat tires. This entire road needs to be looked at. The left lane heading south is bad
Huge Pothole potential Rim Buster - 100s of expensive cars drive through  intersection.  Liability for the city immense. Rims are expensive and front suspension damage can run into thousands of dollars. Please fill in potholes ASAP. Thanks
Huge Pothole approximately 3ft x 3ft and several inches deep in the left turn lane at the intersection of Sorrento Valley Blvd and Vista Sorrento Pkwy(northbound side).   My car hit it driving home last night and potentially caused wheel damage
There are three good sized potholes on the 163 off ramp at University/Sixth ave. One I reported was filled in, it is now a nice empty square hole since the rain. There is once before it and another after it. 's the off ramp and just before and after the bridge. Thanks you guy's do a great job.
Better Buzz delivery trucks, trash trucks 4-5 times a day have caused collapse of alley pavement
TIRE DAMAGE POT HOLE, ON OCEANVIEW BLV BY THE #3 BUS STOP AT 30TH.
Alvarado Road from College Ave to Alvarado Court has had numerous potholes before the rain started, now there are more with the asphalt crumbling in numerous other places. This part of the road, College to Alvarado court really needs to be redone. 's crumbling really bad.
alley broken standing contaminated  water flooding parking garage !
Deep pothole near curb at luche libre taco shop
Lots of potholes in both directions on La Jolla Pky between Torrey Pines Rd and the I-5. Contact is Bebe at 858-459-2727
Pothole
A sickhole is developing on 14th st near Broadway.  s next to another sinkhole.
The road is pocked with potholes and cement filled high spots.  My tires take a beating every time I go to work and go home.  Thanks for looking into .
Major pothole eastbound Ardath Pkwy.
There is a huge pot hole in the inside lane on Ingraham headed south right before you cross the bridge into Loma Portal and the 8 freeway entrance There is also a medium sized one right after you cross that bridge in the second to left lane
Huge pothole!! Almost caused an accident! Someone is gonna get hurt and file a lawsuit against the City for negligence!
Big hole
Several decent sized pot holes though the entire street mostly going north bound right after exiting i-8 and crossing the bridge. I cannot avoid hitting them due to the amount of pot holes there are unless you completely swerve out of the lane. Seems rather dangerous.
There's a big  pot hole that everybody tries to go around. But since the street isn't too big it's dangerous since there's cars coming from the other side.
Huge pothole on  bridge it's going to cause an accident someone is going to get hurt and a lawsuit will be filed against the city for negligence
The street here is really worn down. Potholes and cracks everywhere. You can tell  street has been neglected for a long time. Cars are jumping everywhere on  street. This street really needs to be fixed.
This area is in horrible condition!! I was o. My way to urgent care at Kaiser and my pain scale was a 12 + when I got there due to !! it's going to cause an accident and someone is going to get hurt and a lawsuit will be filed against the city for negligence
Large Pothole in the #1 Lane of Southbound West Mission Bay Drive just North of the Bridge, left wheel track.
Big potholes,  southbound main street,  north of thor
3-4 entire blocks of milton are totally trashed since all the rain. Needs repaving and all the gravel is a huge danger to bicycles especially since  is a big hill!
Three huge potholes southbound Britannia Blvd at Airway Road.
Gigantic pothole eastbound Siempre Viva Road at Britannia Blvd.
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole and large cracks on right side lane heading southbound on Santo Rd
Large pothole on westbound Governor Dr. as you approach Regents Rd.
Several large potholes and large long cracks all the way along  stretch going both eastbound and westbound
Deep sharp 3 feet long 8 inches wide
Large pothole in the intersection of Bernardo Center Dr and Camino Del Norte. Contact is Taylor at 858-722-8120
Large pothole and several cracks in right side lane heading south bound on Santo road just before the high school
There are several pot holes along  stretch of Airway road, starting here and heading west to the intersection of La Media and Airway Road.
Pot hole in intersection
Extremely large pothole, difficult to avoid. South bound, left lane.  is too dangerous to obtain a photo.
Large pothole in traveling west bound on Camino Del Norte between Paseo Montanoso and Bernardo Center Dr. Contact is Taylor at 858-722-8120
Pothole in number 2 Northbound lane of Ingraham Street, near Intersection with Pacific Beach Drive, in front of bus stop
This pothole appeared a couple weeks ago and is getting bigger with more upwelling.
There are many potholes getting on the 8 west at Mission Gorge from Fairmount. All along the way from the loop from Camino del Rio South to the freeway on ramp.
Large pothole from Rain
There is a HUGE pothole going south on West Mission Bay Drive shortly before the bridge in the left hand lane that is unavoidable and today caused a flat tire to my car immediately.  As I waited under the overpass of the 8 for AAA another car literally pulled over who hit the same pothole and got the exact same flat.  This is ridiculous and has been there for weeks.   is not a pothole but a HUGE hole that takes up a quarter of the lane and with cars next to you you cannot avoid.  The AAA tow truck driver told me he has seen 10-15 cars affected by  PER DAY.  What is going on San Diego?????? You are doing a major construction project on  bridge - how can you not know  is there?  See below for my pictures of my car, the lady behind me who also hit it about 10 minutes later, and my wheel.  I will be submitting a damage claim.   This occurred shortly before 8am on 2/20/2019. - it is impossible to get a picture of the hole driving as  is going onto a bridge with cars going by but you will see it!
There are large potholes on College Avenue, next to the Chevron Gas Station. They will pop tires, ruin rims, and cause accidents.  Your prompt attention to fix these potholes is greatly appreciated in our community.
Pothole everywhere
There are potholes all over the neighborhood, on Alvarado, Montezuma, College... There's an especially bad one in the area indicated, but  is a widespread issue. These are doing real damage to my vehicle, and neighbors have been taking to social media in a fury about . I'm at risk of missing rent  month because I had to replace a wheel damaged by one of these potholes.
I don't know the exact address, but there are many potholes when you exit College from the 8 west freeway exit and head north (toward Del Cerro). The potholes are from the freeway exit and heading towards Del Cerro before you get to the light at Del Cerro Blvd.
Pothole with large debri
Large pothole that has been here for a few weeks. Southbound on mission bay dr.
Potholes and grooves

Big pothole on roadway driving westbound on Wightman St. Thanks. 4062 Wightman
Large pothole just before the stop sign on the off ramp side
Huge potholes with large chunks of asphalt on the street
There are multiple large and deep potholes scattered between both lanes on  side of the road that are not easy to avoid.
I hit a pothole on the West Mission Bay Drive bridge around 7:45 Wednesday evening. This immediately caused my windshield to crack and ruin my cars alignment. No longer safe to drive.
Damage to roadway has been growing over the years at 61st southbound lane at Imperial Avenue.
Deep pot hole, south side at light. Next to rallys
Uneven paving. Very damaging to tires, suspension, and low vehicles.
Intersection of Washington & 163
Numerous potholes and uneven paving down the entire road of Via Capri. Very damaging to vehicles, especially going downhill. Repavement of entire road would be very appreciated by the thousands of drivers who drive through that road daily.
Right in front of 4018 Conrad ave. 92117
Pothole
Multiple potholes
East bound on Westmore between the Villas at westmore drive way and the park drive way is a pothole around a manhole cover (or something similar) continues to grow larger
Completely unacceptable in front of the elementary school. Children's safety at risk crossing the crumbling decaying street. Fix  ASAP

Directly in front of school!
School zone unsafe for our children
Several extremely bad and dangerous potholes have worsened since the rains...  the first 2 blocks on First ave from Laurel St onwards north have been skipped by resurfacing crews TWICE now!   Please send a road crew out.   Thank you!  :)
In front of school where our children are unsafe fix pave ASAP

2 large potholes in the 163 N on ramp lane
Significant street deterioration in the crosswalk, south side of the intersection.  Running water is an issue.  Seems to be seeping from the ground.
Construction hole/depression in intersection of Torrey Pines road and Calle de la PLata
Large pothole the northwest corner of the 32nd and upas street. (I.e. if you make a right hand turn off southbound 32nd onto westbound upas)
There are 3 large potholes in the turn lane coming from West bound Washington Street onto the 163 on ramp. The first one is right where the dividers start and the last is right at the turn. There is no way to avoid them because of the dividers.
There are multiple potholes going southeast on Genesee Ave from Linda Vista Road. There are also some potholes, but not as many, going northwest on Genesee from the 163.

Among all the small potholes, there is one giant pothole right before crossing the bridge currently being work on in Mission Bay Drive, heading South towards the i-8 (last bridge before hitting the 8 entrance).  is on the left lane (next to the center divider). The Pothole not only gave me a flat tire but also damaged the wheel which has been sent in to see if it's repairable.  bent the two opposite sides of my wheel. The pothole needs to be fixed before it damages other vehicles.  Does the city reimburse for damages caused by big potholes like the one shown?
Lot of potholes on the street

Potholes on Poway Road going towards the 15 freeway from Sabre Springs Parkway.  There are multiple potholes in the middle lane and the fast lane.
Pothole on Rancho Penasquitos Blvd going towards Azuaga Street under the 56 freeway.  Also, another pothole in the middle lane right before Azuaga street.
There are potholes all down the road on both sides of the road.
Ridiculous uneven pavement due to construction occurring on Torrey pines road. This uneven pavement stretches across the far right lane going south bound.  is followed by Multiple potholes a couple feet after.
Pothole about 2 feet long 1 foot across.
Pothole in the middle of the intersection at Rancho Carmel Drive and Carmel Mountain Road.
Not just POTHOLES, but really BAD torn up streets in general.  I'm tired of my car being beat up with these roads, not with the money we spend on taxes!  PLEASE REPAVE these roads, NOT just with band aids that don't do a thing?
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
EB Camino de la Reina from Camino de la Siesta to Camino del Arroyo. Multiple large potholes need to be addressed. Resurfacing needed!
Multiple potholes
Genesee ave between linda vista rd and 163. Both east & west bound. Dozens & dozens of bone jarring potholes
Two deep potholes.163 off ramp to university. Left lane.
Major pothole in southbound lanes toward on-ramp to 8 east. Hit it with my car, hopefully didn't damage my left front tire.
The ENTIRE street from 2200-4400 is a chopped up mess of very dangerous potholes!!!!  PAVE ASAP
Pothole and sunk broken cement on the corner of Iowa and Howard in North Park.
Just north of island on 16th
This pothole is just east of the Aragon/Celia Vista intersection on Celia Vista.
There is a huge pothole on the left side of the road when headed south bound. Right before the signs to take the 8E.
Pot holes in intersection
This afternoon I was unfortunate enough to go over a pothole causing a tear in my tire. The depth of the pothole also caused what was a small windshield star to spread and fork visibly through the majority of my windshield.  To top it off one of my shocks was knocked off. My vehicle is now at a tire shop and once the tire is fixed it will be sent to the mechanic. This is the first time I've ever made a claim with the city but it hasn't been the first time I've had a flat because of our horrible roads.
POTHOLE
Large pot hole located in furthest right lane
Pothole is located at the University/Rolando intersection in the crosswalk where work was recently completed.
Alert, alert, pothole 8 inches or deeper. South bond, Ingraham st.  exit to Seaworld blvd. East, real bad pothole. Can't take picture, to dangerous.
Potholes

Potholes
Deep pothole,  northbound side of main st, by freeway 5 offramp
Northbound main st south of rigel
Series of large potholes located in third from the left lane. Very destructive, got a flat tire from one
Corner of schley and main street
Pothole on WB Rancho Bernardo road outside the Mobil
Pothole on WB Rancho Bernardo road on approach to NB I-15 off ramp
Pothole





Huge pothole southbound Ingraham right before West Mission Bay Drive bridge left hand lane  car just got tire blown out by  pothole  pothole is approximately 1 ft deep There are more huge potholes underneath the sea world drive bridge on Ingraham as well please get  repaired immediately


Pothole 5 inchesdeep



Potholes all over West Mission Bay Drive heading east out of Mission Beach at base of bridge both lanes also approx 8 more on West Mission Bay Drive heading west
Multiple large potholes eastbound on Washington St before intersection with Lincoln Ave in left turn lane to CA-163.
Going South on W Mission Bay Dr right before getting on bridge like 20 feet before in the left hand lane A really big bad pot hole !!!! Damgerous !!
Many potholes like the one shown in picture along northbound side of Fairmount Ave, between Redwood St & Maple St along Fairmount Ave.
Very deep and dangerous pothole in left lane SB Ingraham.
The exit from Westbound I-8 to Taylor Street Westbound has numerous potholes that have worsened since all the rains  year (2019).  See the attached map of the section to which I am referring.  Noting, Taylor East of Old Town to Hotel Circle South has been badly in need of resurfacing for a long time.
Potholes from the rains are badly in need of filling on College Avenue from Lambda Drive South to the I-8 East interchange.  They have caused damage to my new car.  Thank you!
On sb Genesee Ave. The given address is a rough estimate. But it is north of Linda Vista Rd. /////On nb Genesee, you guys fixed the potholes recently. Thanks much.
Multiple large potholes lane 2 and 3
Many pot holes along  road in lane 2, all the way to the airport
Extremely deep pothole
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
POTHOLE
Bad pot holes near my home
Huge pothole, damaged my rim to my car
Large pothole on daily drive
Massive pothole in southbound lane-there are many along Ingraham basically from sports arena all the way to crown point and up to la playa street-but  one is seriously dangerous.
Numerous potholes accessing Hotel Circle South from overpass from Hotel Circle North. Near Park and Ride.
Bad pothole on daily route.
Badly damaged road in need of repair. Debris of all sizes from cracked pavement strewn about the road after rain.
MTS Bus driver reports pothole on College Northbound, turning right on Navajo Rd.
Bus Driver reports potholes on College Ave from Del Cerro to SDSU.
In  intersection of Aero Dr and Ruffin Road. When you are coming down Ruffin Road and taking a right on Aero Drive in that right hand lane there is basically one long pothole at the bottom of the road that is really rough on all cars that have to go over it. Everyone tries to go around it because it is so deep.  has been there for at least two years now.
Left turn lane Vista Sorrento Pkwy to Sorrento valley bl
Bus Driver reports potholes on Navajo Rd between Margerum Ave & College Ave.
The pothole is unavoidable heading north on Alta view.
Bus driver reports (2) sunk in potholes in front of Domino's on College Ave.
Very uneven road
Large pothole westbound on Washington right before the light.
Enormous pothole from Pacific Beach area before the I-8 in the left lane. Contact is Patricia at 858-539-6269
Two large potholes when exiting the 805 S freeway
Behind 4065 Iowa the alley is really bad!
4 huge pothole in the lane from Washington to the 163 on ramp.
Behind 4051 Iowa in alley
Poor repair job. Alley is really bad behind 4051 iowa
Alley behind 4041 iowa
Large deep pothole on northbound Camino Ruiz in slow lane in front of Shell gas station driveway. Pothole on Camino Ruiz near Miramar Rd.
Alley behind 3178 polk. Alley is between 32 and iowa

In front of 4015 Iowa driveway
Front of 4027 Iowa driveway
In front of driveways. 4033 iowa
There are huge potholes all along the #2 lane along Midway Drive , between Kemper and Sports Arena blvd.
Pothole on Washington Street westbound
Horrible road condition of Governor drive on west of Genesse Avenue.Too many pot holes on the Governor drive are taking its toll on the vehicles and drivers.
Pothole at intersection La Playa & Haines
Pothole at south bound exit. Contact is Douglas at 858-755-8563
Large pothole, plus smaller ones, northbound. Reported  last year, but nothing was done.
Multiple potholes between N. Ingraham  Street Bridge & S. Ingraham Street Bridge
3 deep potholes in left turn lane on Washington
Lots of potholes on Del Mar Heights Rd between Crest Way and Nob Av. Contact is Thanh at 619-638-0170
Pothole on northwest corner of University Ave. and Rolando Blvd intersection. 's in the crosswalk connecting the north and south blocks of University Ave.
POT HOLES ALL ALONG 30TH ST FROM B TO MARKET
Large pothole northbound Park Blvd in far left lane just south of Zoo Dr/Morley Field Dr.
Alley needs to be regraded. Hard to drive on especially after it rains. Contact is Thanh at 619-638-0170
Pothole
several large potholes on Friars Rd, eastbound, center lane between Santo Rd and Riverdale St, also one in the crosswalk at Friars and Riverdale.
Pothole northbound on Park Blvd at Cypress Ave. in /near the dip in the road
The street was recently NEWly repaved.  is already falling apart both in the center of the road and the sides. This is directly in front of my house. But is all along my street  Da Vinci street. Thanks.
There is a very dangerous pothole I reported 4 days ago, and it is still there on   heavily traveled street .  now appears both wider and deeper as of  afternoon.  is as bad a pothole as I've seen anywhere. When I hit it, I had to stop my car and check for damage to tires and rims.  is in the right turn lane going west on West Washington by the Chevron gas station which leads directly to the U.S. 5 north on-ramp. Since cars stop there at the light, it is very difficult to see until you hit it very hard. Please fix  before even more people damage their cars or an accident occurs.
Large potholes and asphalt breaking up causing more potholes
Lots of potholes broken asphalt and large cracks.


Northbound on Park Blvd. Two medium size potholes, just south of 3814 Park Blvd.
Multiple
DIP IN THE RD/EROSION OF THE RD NEED TO BE REPAIR
2 very large potholes
Multiple potholes
Large pot hole
Pothole in the middle of the street.
Deep destructive pothole in left southbound lane on Ingraham Street just  before ramp to the 8
02/06/2019 I was driving about 10 p.m. on Miramar road from 15 highway towards 805. Due to bad road surface I got tire damage.  is a huge pothole on the road. Due to the fact that all services were closed, I left the car in the parking lot at McDonald's.The next day I turned to a nearby service, Where they said that the tire could not be repaired.An invoice for the purchase of a new tire is attached.
This pothole is right in the intersection of Beagle and oll streets.
Pothole is in the southbound lane, just south of Avati drive. There are also several more potholes 100 yards south of  intersection, toward Balboa Ave.
There is quite a large pothole growing before the right turn on Camino Del Norte. I cannot get photos of it due to there not being a sidewalk near by, and it would be unsafe to try to photograph it while driving. There were several other potholes in the area at the same time, however the others were repaired and  one was overlooked.
pothole in center of the street
The full length of fairmount both north and south bound sides are a complete mess. What really needs to be done is completely repave both sides from El Cajon Bl. all the way down to the freeway. Several people I know have literally wrecked their rims and tires on  section of the road. REALLY NEEDS TO BE FIXED!!!
Multiple potholes on  segment of Marlesta between Beagle and Chasewood Streets. This is one horrible piece of street!   is way overdue to be repaved given all the Mesa College and commuter traffic that passes through.  There are also a few potholes on Marlesta west toward Genesee Ave.
Pothole, westbound Eastgate Mall Road
Pothole in the southbound right lane of Clairemont Drive
Dangerous pothole has shaken my car hard multiple times
Eastbound Mira Mesa Blvd, close to Camino Ruiz, right lane
Very Large pothole that will cause tire damage
Pothole in the southbound right lane of Clairemont Drive
Right on the corner of Oregon and University, on Oregon.   Oregon is in pretty bad shape all the way down, actually, but the photo included is right on the corner.
Washington St from PCH to India St.
There are 2 potholes on each side of the Balboa bridge on the southbound side (west) of Morena blvd.  The largest one is 100 feet south of Balboa on Morena Blvd, heading south.
The on and off ramp Sixth Ave. both north and south bound sides are a complete mess. What really needs to be done is completely repave both sides from Sixth Ave. all the way down to the freeway from University Ave. Several people I know have literally wrecked their rims and tires on  section of the road. REALLY NEEDS TO BE FIXED!!!
Botched road repair. HUGE DIP
Midway Street between Rosecrans and Barnett, both directions.  This road is HORRIBLE!
EB in intersection seems to be missing a large chunk of asphalt
WB #3 (right-most) lane has several potholes before the light
Pothole Corner Denver Street Clairemont Drive by Metropolitan Church
Big pot hole
Pots holes on Twain Ave between Delor ct. and Crawford street.
Pothole on commercial street
Big pothole on Pomerado going North between Grandee and Greens East in Rancho Bernardo, damaged my tire
1. Travelling westbound on Clairemont Mesa Blvd, there is a pothole in the right turn lane to Shawline drive.  2. When making a left turn from Clairemont Mesa Blvd. eastbound, to Shawline Drive northbound, there are three small potholes in the intersection.
Pothole in far right line going south bound on Towne centre drive. Pothole is surrounded by cones currently.
Pothole Logan and Euclid
Southbound Mission Bay Drive in the left lane, huge pothole right before the bridge
While on my way to work commuting in the far left lane, the fast lane I encountered an enormous pothole in which damaged my car. The two left wheels on the driver's side are damaged and bent causing my car to ride rough and unsafe. The alignment is bad and the whe let do not ride safely.  was approximately 530a, sun was coming out, traffic was moderate, and the average was the speed limit for the highway. The pothole is huge and unsafe.  the same time there was about a four car pile up accident very near the area possibly caused for  reason. My car is damaged and unsafe to drive. The pothole is on the 805/5 San Diefo FWY n in the far left lane approximately before the Birmingham Dr Exit.
Large pothole at East end of intersection, in the number one lane. Very difficult to see.
Deep pot hole end of left turn lane from eastbound Washington Street to State 163
There is a deep pot hole in the far right lane?to the 5 north on-ramp.
MULITPLE POTHOLES
water main break NY day. Crew fixed water break. Did poor patch job.  Today someone came by and did an even worse patch job now making a big mound in 3 places , see pix.
Big linear potholes at via de la valle and via de la valle place. Looks like sink hole forming under road.
Going west on Aero Dr again a DEEP AND DANGEROUS pothole on the left lane. The storm opened it again
Going west the RIGHT lane pothole as you get closer to the Hotel
Going EAST on Aero there are potholes in both the left and right lanes.
A lot of potholes on both lanes left and right. Several of them dangerous and deep. Another request please fix all the potholes eastbound way on Montezuma
When you exit 163 North at Clairemont Mesa Blvd and turn left onto Clairemont Mesa Blvd the entire road is full of terrible potholes, I have seen people getting car damage and flat tires, the rain has made them even worst! Please help!
Pothole
Series of potholes and large depression near the curb. There is a bus stop in  location, which could have caused the depression. Water from sprinklers and rare rain creates a large puddle or small lake. This is dangerous for motorcycles and cyclists.
Large pothole, popped a tire. Tow truck driver said he towed 4 cars that hit the same pothole. Number 1 lane, southbound W mission bay drive, just south of the sea world drive overpass and adjacent to the westbound sea world drive ramp.
Going northbound on Camino Ruiz, left hand lane in the middle of the intersection.
2 Potholes going northbound on Camino Ruiz left hand lane.  Before jade coast dr intersection.
Large pothole at intersection of Scripps Street & Governor Drive westbound (inner/left lane).
Entire 28th Street needs work multiple potholes starting from 28th and Franklin all the way to the entrance of I94  is the 2nd request. Please have  request evaluated
Genesee north before Lehrer in right lane near lane marker.
Since last year... these streets need draining system along the roads to lead the water down the street properly. No drainage system is creating erosion each time we get heavy rain.  create so much properties and road damage..
Numerous potholes on both sides of Genesee Avenue. They have doubled in size since January 1, 2019. They size is making it hard and dangerous to drive through them and avoid damage to our vehicles.
Worn out temporary asphalt patch to repair a concrete gutter across Mira Mesa Blvd.  Can we get a temporary patch AND the concrete gutter replaced?   has been  way for over 15 years now.
Multiple potholes in the intersection
Potholes all along Linda Vista Road
Monster pothole in the right hand Eastbound lane of Governor at the corner of Genesee.
Big pothole in left lane going southbound
Pothole in slow lane (far right lane) just before miramar rd and eastgate mall intersection.
Westbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd (far right lane) from 163 to the 805 has multiple deep potholes as well as a significant crack along most of that lane.  makes driving in that lane a safety challenge and would be very dangerous for bicycles.
Road surface is peeling off.  was resurfaced a few years ago. Now it is just a bunch of worn off holes appearing in top layer
Potholes forming underneath bridge.
Pothole in culdesac by the back gate to the HS is coming back.
This is a very dangerous Large Pothole. I witnessed several vehicles in a matter of seconds puncture their tire and 3 of them I witnessed wheel rims flying off into a major pedestrian walkway. Lucha Libra is the pint of interest. The large pot hole is in the right lane just as you come to the stop light on India Street on W Washington Street.
Massive pot hole.  Person on bridge has a flat tire. Please fix Ingram before someone gets hurt
The east bound Bernardo Heights Pkwy to North Pomerardo Road has 2 large potholes on the far left turn lane.
All of Ingraham St. All. Every bit. I live on Ingraham for 22 years  is complete mess. FIX THIS!!!
In the #1 lane
Road falling apart at the intersection of New Salem  and Camino Ruiz by the library. (On New Salem east of Camino Ruiz)
Several large pot hole
Large pothole in road causing damage to vehicles and posing a major safety hazard.
About 0.1 mile east of intersection of Saturn Ave/Coronado Ave on westbound side of Coronado Ave
Pothole
Pothole in first lane at intersection at governor and genes next Mobil gas station
 least 10" deep pothole. NEEDS TO BE FIXED! 's costing flat tires and rim damage. Our streets are in dire need of repair. Do something.
Eastbound left turn lane for hwy 163 has several large potholes throughout lane just past the Vermont st  over street pedestrian bridge.
Potholes located throughout 28th street immediate repairs needed immediately
2nd request: Multiple pot holes in intersection heading southbound. Pot holes of various sizes with larger ones in the right lane.
2 large potholes in center east bound lane.
5-10 potholes. This section of road is in really rough shape.
Several pot holes in a street block and intersection
Massive pothole!!!
Genesee Ave between 163 & Linda Vista Rd
Numerous potholes when getting off 163S headed towards Linda Vista Rd
Pothole
Pothole
Large potholes are unavoidable and take up width of entire left lane. Cannot dodge these. There are too many.
Pothole at the intersection of la media and airway
A few potholes on  block going west
A few potholes on  block of El Cajon Blvd going east
Pothole
Large pothole in right turn lane for College onto Navajo
Nasty pothole all along  area head western down Washington as well as east from PCH up Washington
Pothole in intersection  of Navajo and lake murry
3 LG pot holes
Very large pothole in the middle of the turn area to go on the N or S bound 163.
north bound lane postholes to many redo the entire street
Large pothole has reappeared in the east bound lanes of Aoro Drive in middle of intersection at Ruffin Road.
Large potholes on college avenue near the intersection of del cerro. This was marked as completed last week but they are still there. Please fix it-  street is a mess!
Pothole and crumbling road
Pothole in the intersection of Albatross and Hawthorne.
Massive pothole in left lane heading southbound.  Pothole caused bent rim and alignment shift in my car after hitting it on 2/19 @6:45AM.
You call damage from large and growing pot hole on downhill Lane
TWO POT HOLES  WEST BOUND FRIARS EAST OF THE I-15
Pothole very large many down and tire Alvarado
DEEP alignment destruction type potholes all down Alvarado between lake Murray and college
The entire strip between college and Campanile Drive is littered with potholes.
Pothole on 18th and Dahlia Ave right as you enter Dahlia it's damaging our cars.
Pothole.  is in Marmil Way. Between Tonawanda and Marmil Ave. 3100/3200 block of Marmil Ave
e/b university ave turning right onto s/b mississippi st, deep pothole popped 2 tires and bent rim on car
 is an on-going issue, pothole has been filled many times and always re-occurs. Thank you for  easy to use app and your prompt response.
Very deep pot hole
Tire  and vehicle damage from pothole
Large pothole of broken concrete in alley next to covered parking structure. There are several large areas of broken concrete in alley. This has gotten worse since the rain.
2 large potholes on mercury between the sr-163 ra and balboa ave.
3' x 2' sinkhole
Numerous areas showing wear in the recently applied slurry top course in the left lane between Bernardo Center Drive and the I-15N off ramp intersection
Westbound, #1 lane, approx. 7-10 inch deep pot hole almost as wide as the entire lane.
Very Deep potholes present off Northbound 163 exit to 6th Avenue. Ride beneath walking bridge
East bound lane of governor on west side of genessee
Pothole
A MASSIVE pot hole scraped my car bumper and I can hear other cars scraping as well. I should not have to pay for  damage. Please contact me ASAP.
Number three lane
Number two lane
Deep pothole on Main at east end of Chevron Station
Potholes at Florida and El Cajon Blvd.  Water leak.   Major problem for 6 months
Large pothole at the entrance of the freeway entrance
Pothole almost got into accident
e/b w laurel making a left onto n/b 1st av, potholes
Big pothole
Ground needs to be leveled
Several potholes over 2 feet across and 1.5 feet deep. Just witnessed a car break their rim and possibly their axle.  Car was almost undrivable. Very unsafe
6in deep pothole in the eb lane just before kearney villa
Broken road have been there for months
25 major potholes on Mira Mesa Bl between Flanders Dr and I-15. Contact is Cassandra at 619-520-1230
Road has many potholes and cars are driving in center or on opposite side of road to avoid damage to their cars.
huge potholes Eastbound Washington Street #1 lane and left turn lane to HWY 163 North
huge potholes going from southbound Pacific Hwy to exit for Washington Street
Pot hole right before turn lane. Friars heading west before rancho mission road.
Very large pot hole and a series of pot holes up the whole street up until wagenheim

Northbound lanes multiple potholes between 5 south ramp light and 5 bridge
Submitted report closed but it's still here!!!! I'm sending  to the mayor if you can't do  right!!!
potholes in intersection
Very large pothole
The entire street is riddled with potholes
section of road has many potholes
Multiple, deep and large potholes on Washington St lane turn to 163 on ramp.
The road north on Fairmont Dr, between Kensington and the freeway is falling apart. Some of the potholes are larger than my tires
Pothole
Large pothole on the ramp to Pacific Highway.
Wedgewood Dr is very damaged street and all the streets around the area are been repair except Wedgewood Dr
Mission Bay Drive N to 5N on-ramp. 12 potholes and cracked pavement from Bluffside, all the way onto the bridge on- ramp. Split, potholes and broken pavement as the merge lane enters the 5. Dangerous for motorcyclists and cars dodging!
Huge pothole
Potholes and badly damaged asphalt.  20 previous requests over the past year.
Pothole





Badly damaged asphalt and large potholes.
Large pothole.  Hundreds of other potholes running westbound the entire length of Miramar road as well.
P6

Multiple potholes present on right-turn ramp southbound on Kearny Villa Rd turning onto Balboa Ave. High traffic area due to vehicles getting onto 163-S.
Giant pothole forming at freeway entrance.  Too much traffic to stop and take a photo.
Big series of pot holes
Many potholes forming at freeway off ramp.  Cannot stop to take pictures.
Large pothole forming at 94 east ramp to 15 north
Big pothole
Giant sinkhole forming in intersection
POTHOLES COMING OUT OF THE PARKING LOT OF 4711 MISSION BAY D, BOTH LANES OF MISSION BAY DR
South/East corner of Potomac and Rancho Dr ,Water stands there almost 4" to 5" deep which makes cars go to the opposite side of the road to avoid it there's some Street deterioration also. And is it possible to put a cross walk and school cross walk sign there kids need to cross the street there to go to school and cars drive very fast there coming down the hill .
Hole in the middle of the road
Friars Road just past Rancho Mission
Corner of friars Road and Rancho Mission Road
Huge pot holes on the North bound West Hills Parkway and the corner of Carlton Oaks Drive.
Pothole
I drove over these potholes  morning and it caused my front tier to blow up.  Dangerous location. Washington street on ramp to 163 north bound turning left.
Huge pothole at stop sign of Adams Ave exit from 805 south (Ohio). Unable to get photo due to traffic.
52 west offramp
POTHOLES
Pothole and crocodile patching
Pothole
Many potholes in whole block
Pothole at the corner of Kline and Fay Avenue causing vehicular damage and dangerous for pedestrians.
Seversl large potholes on Alvarado Road between College Ave. and Alvarado Court
Pothole on the crosswalk in front of San Diego Optical Company. Dangerous for pedestrians and causing damage to vehicles.
The north end of 68th street (down to the end of the cul-desac) has multiple potholes and large cracks. The street is VERY torn up from rain water run off to the storm drain at the end of our street. Please be advised and make  a priority.
The pothole is on Valentino St between Brando Dr and Arbodar Rd
Big hole causing damage
Giant potholes all along Villa La Jolla Drive
This is a photo of only 1 of 5 Potholes along a 75' stretch  of the road merging westbound onto Camino del Ro North Hope you can get to  ASAP. 's been like  for months! Thank you!
Three large potholes in left turn lane from Washington Ave onto 163 on ramps.
Large pothole. Vista Sorrento parkway heading NW before Sorrento Valley Blvd.
On the N-S bound, a series of potholes exist on Rancho Penasquitos Blvd in front of 76 gas station. On the S-N bound, the road is very rough and bumpy in front of the Mobil gas station on the other side. This has been at least a couple of months without repair. A lot of cars try to avoid these areas which is very dangerous.
Pot hole has been growing and is causing vehicular damage and disrupting traffic.
Undermine of waterline trench
Multiple pot holes
On the NW-SE bound, a series of potholes exists on Rancho Penasquitos Blvd under ted Williams Fwy.  Another big pothole exists closer to the traffic light to the south. This has been at least a couple of months without repair. A lot of cars try to avoid these areas which is very dangerous.
Many potholes for very long time.
EB #2 LANE VERY BAD P/H
Many potholes.

There are a TON of potholes, both large and small, on Fairmount Ave heading northbound
In the alley behind 36th Street and Wilson. The cross streets are Dwight and Myrtle. The rain is causing deep trenches which are a trip and fall safety hazard to both residents in the area as well as throwing the alignment off on cars driving through. (This ally/street is the only access to all the garages)
There are a TON of potholes, both large and small, on Fairmount Ave heading northbound
Huge hole in middle lane heading west.  The hole is before Cabot Drive.  Please fix soon.  Thanks.
There are a TON of potholes, both large and small, on Fairmount Ave heading northbound
Large potholes on Fairmount Ave before the 8-East and 8-West ramps.
Potholes after exiting the 163-South onto Sixth Ave before University. Potholes on Sixth Ave before reaching University.
Alley on Meade east of 2914 Meade ave
Potholes on left turn lane to freeway before stoplight
Pothole
Very large pothole.
2 large adjacent potholes on 805nb ramp entrance
Dear Mayor Faulkner, I am writing to you not to complain but to beg for your assistance. I live in Pacific Beach at 1446 Grand Avenue. About 1 year ago the road in front of our home was opened up and new piping was put in. When the resurfaced the section they opened up they did so unevenly. This has caused our home to shake every time a large truck goes by our home. This could be as many as 200 times per day. We have had pictures fall off the walls glasses and frames fall off shelves and my wife and I are awakened dozens of times per night to what often feels like an earthquake. We have lived at  address for 5 years and it was not a problem prior to the road work being done. The weather  winter has made it considerably worse over the past 2 months. We beg you in the name of sanity to assist us.Ray Costello1 446 Grand Avenue 92109858.230.2929
Potholes have been here for at least six months! Right near driveway and can damage vehicles
Right in middle on intersection
Bache en Le Carroll izquierdo
Sink/Pot hole with pipe exposed in ground
Many pot holes on streets from Kelton Rd. southbound to Bollenbacher to Kenwood in Emerald Hills community.
Large potholes. 8800 Block of Navajo and Lake Murray.
There is a very deep pot hole on the intersection at Meade and Kansas on the north side of Meade and the west side of Kansas.
Very large and deep potholes at Taylor/Hotel Circle S and along Hotel Circle westbound.
Please repair
Excessive uneven surfaces and asphalt patches lifting in alleyway behind 3935 Fourth Avenue. This section of the alleyway between Fourth and Fifth Avenue, Washington and University needs major repairs. Major tripping hazards for pedestrians and delivery trucks unloading/loading deliveries to neighboring restaurants. Major potholes causing damage to vehicles. Please repair ASAP.

2-foot wide pothole on the intersection of Linda Vista and Via Las Cumbres.
SDG&E dug  trench last month. They should be called to PROPERLY cut the cement and do a cement patch.
The pothole is in the left lane and takes up about 30% of the lane.  is hard to see in the rain and there are car parts strewn around.  is causing a lot of damage and destroyed my tire last night.
Potholes opening up on left turn lane going on to Qualcomm
deep potholes at the s/e corner of camino ruiz and new salem in front of the library
Multiple potholes across from 6505 EL Camino Del Teatro.
1 FT DIAMETER 6" DEEP
Massive pothole behind our school in the alleyway
A constituent reported potholes and bad road conditions on the 4500 block of Clairemont Drive, specifically the southbound lane.
MULTIPLE DEEP POTHOLES IN THE HARBOR DRIVE TO SAMPSON STREET TURN LANE (NORTH HARBOR DRIVE TURNING LEFT ONTO SAMPSON STREET).
Large pothole in the road due to trench being dug.  Around a blind corner.  Very deep.

Message from constituent: The City has re-paved nearly all of the streets around here however one of the worst intersections with high traffic (red light waiting can lead up to 10+ cars). The intersection I am referring to is Cannington Dr. and Balboa. The City just finished doing the other side of the intersection on Mount Albertine in front of my kids school, Lindbergh, thank you! This intersection really needs to be repaired it is really bad and very busy. Just to note it is also a liability as that intersection crosswalks a lot of children to and from school it is a lawsuit just waiting to happen.
Potholes damaged my tires and cost me $500 to get new tires
8 west off ramp to Taylor Street and surrounding area has many potholes. 's very dangerous
Pothole turning left going to 163 North and South bound
Line of very rough pavement punctuated by lots of pot holes.
Extremely bad surface with potholes
Large pothole in right side of lane, after exiting I-5 South, and as you turn onto Main Street.
Several tire busting potholes
Long pothole in middle of street, next to drainage depression. 's on the west side of the Grim-Myrtle intersection.
The East bound left turn lane on Washington and Lincoln to get on 163 has 3 VERY deep potholes slowing down the traffic turning there more than it already is. My tiny car could definitely get stuck in one of those.
I hit a huge pothole Saturday night, Feb 16,2019, in the left hand turn lane of Washington St at Hwy 163 North. My tire warning light came on shortly thereafter on Hwy 163 and  when I pulled over to check the tire (left front), it was completely flat. I?ve been driving over 50 years and have hit lots of potholes, but  is the first time one flattened my tire. Please fix  pothole asap! Thank you!
so many potholes, like a minefield says the customer
There is a large pothole on Palm Ave. headed east towards the 5 south.  damaged my tire and I lost a wheel cover that will cost a lot to replace.
Pothole
Potholes
potholes n/b genesee towards linda vista
deep pothole at dip in intersection of 33rd and thorn streets. cars continually scraping bottom as they head through the south side of the intersection on 33rd.
Pothole, on Navajo, traveling from margerum to college/waring
Pothole with exposed pipes causing vehicle damage including two flat tires
Miss ing cover
3 or so potholes around  intersection
Trenches in the alley due to rain have made accessing driveways near impossible without damaging vehicles.
Westbound on imperial,  east of 13th street
Rows of potholes down the 1st lane
The road at the intersection of New Salem and Camino Ruiz (on the library side) is a mess. Potholes are merging to become huge gaps in the road. This intersection floods too.
Roadway from College exit to Del Cerro Blvd is filled with potholes.
Huge pothole
POTHOLES N/B UP TO I-8
I got an email saying the issue was repaired, but it was not. The pothole is still there. Please fix it. ?s massive and impossible to avoid if you?re in that lane unless you go onto another lane which is unsafe. ?s at the red light at George cook expressway, on the left lane. Please fix it, it?s terrible and huge.
Many potholes on Cardeno
There's a foot long, half wide, and foot or so deep pothole before the signal light heading west to east along the left of number two lane.
Multiple large potholes. Gold Coast between Black Mountain Rd and Camino Ruiz.
Big ditch or pothole causing blown tires and front end damage
Right lane at light, Cedar where it crosses 4th
Two big potholes right lane
Previously reported, you guys closed it, even though pothole is still there and bigger.
Multiple potholes...very deep.
Pavement lifting at junction of bridge and road. Getting bigger by the day, dangerous across entire set of lanes. Multiple potholes as well in either direction from .
Large pothole
Pothole On the northbound side
Series of very large potholes on Mercury Street between Ronson and Balboa. Hit one yesterday and it popped my tire.
Very large pothole. Contact is Rod at 619-843-6193
Excessively deep and wide pothole
Large pothole that destroyed my wheel. Northbound (downhill) close to area where concrete rd turns into asphalt. On the right lane.
We have several potholes in front of and near our home.  This is a recurring annual problem.  Oddly, about 50-feet away as the street turns into Syracuse, repaving abruptly ended about one year ago, despite the section in front of our houses being significantly more marred by potholes than any part of the newly paved section.  These same potholes have been refilled time and time again, but crumble annually in sync with our storms.  How can we get  section of street repaved?  In the meantime, can you repair?
Pothole needs filling
Lots of bad potholes at the intersection. Contact is Joanna t 619-890-5064
Massive pothole on southbound on W Mission Bay Drive. Bent forward and rear left wheels, repairs for damage quoted at $365. Request reimbursement from the city. Will provide invoice upon request.
Middle lane
Pothole on the south side of Palm Avenue in front of the SilverWing Park
Bad road. Potholes
This pothole makes some drivers try to avoid it and not pay attention to pedestrians
Pothole on Torrey Pines Rd between Viking Rd and Calle de la playa by the retaining wall project.
Pothole at Midway and Fordham St Corner by Shell Gasoline Station
El Camino Del Teatro has numerous (>6) large potholes between Muirlands  Drive and Muirlands Drive ( is not a typo as Del Teatro connects to Muirlands twice as they together form a loop). These potholes begin at Muirlands Drive (cross street Nautilus) and run uphill to El Camino Del Teatro, until Del Teatro runs back into Muirlands Drive. The potholes are large and seem to be repairs that have failed based on their depth, and are really bad for cars that hit them.
Multiple potholes on Fairmont Avenue coming up the hill
As you exit the 805 South/ Adams Avenue exit, there is an extremely large pothole at the top of the ramp, right before the stop sign at Ohio Street.  is very wide (2-3 feet) and deep (6 inches).
Multiple holes in North west side on 70th
Pothole
There are some huge potholes on northbound Clairemont drive just south of the Starbucks
I have 2 tire injuries. Because of these enormous potholes. I would like for both front tires to be repaired. Thank you.
Hellish pot holes on Harbor Dr from Pt. Loma to Downtown, both sides of the road. These will cause serious damage. HELP!!
The entire lower end of Valeta St. where it meets Famosa Blvd. is a giant pothole!! So dangerous for the kids at school.
Hi. We are waiting for AAA to repair our flat. We hit a deep, nasty pot hole on Genesee and Mt Ethan heading south. A motorcycle rider could be thrown!   needs immediate attention! Roberta Munson. suzarry@twc.com
The southbound lanes that connect Fairmount Ave to Montezuma Rd. Middle and Right lanes. Full of potholes getting worse every day
large p/h eb far right lane just before cam ruiz
The problem stretches from Elkelton Street all the way to the Audobon School pretty much all of San Vicente St. Is really Really Bad.  The mornings when parents are driving kids to school are just chaotic with parents swirving to avoid the various deep potholes.
large pothole that is swallowing tires; is on Del Mar Heights Road westbound right lane just west of Mango Drive intersection
Potholes
Huge pothole in north bound Pomerado road. Two feet wide by two feet long and six inches deep.
Potholes and loose gravel an Acworth Ave; very slippery and dangerous for motorcycles when turn into Acworth Ave from Old Meadow Rd. Almost lost  morning control.  least fix the loose gravel here. Thank you.
Multiple potholes off 50th street and Elm street
Several large holes after bridge yielding into Taylor west
s the lane going east.  Going to national city.   has several potholes.
Several holes turning from Taylor St. onto 8 east at light and through intersection
Massive potholes and road damage.  EVERYWHERE
2FTX3FT POTHOLE, SIX INCHES DEEP. N/B ON #1 LANE JUST SOUTH OF GRANDEE PL
To many potholes at Shawline street
Massive pothole on the south bound W. mission Bay Drive just north of the bridge over the San Diego river.  bent my rim! I can?t get a photo because the traffic his horrible and getting a photo would be extremely dangerous. Please fix  ASAP!
Needs to be repaired, big potholes
On-Ramp to 163 North Freeway. Many large potholes on the on-ramp to the freeway off of Sixth Ave in Hillcrest. Patchwork was done a month ago for  issue, but most of the asphalt has broken off due to recent rains and from cars traveling over it. Please fix. Thank you.
S/B W MISSION BAY DR & INGRAHAM ST LARGE DANGEROUS POTHOLE & CAUSED DAMAGE TO VEH 50 YRDS FROM BRIDGE
NORTH BOUND POMERADO RD, SOUTH OF GREENS EAST RD. ON #1 (INSIDE LANE). CAUSED FLAT TIRE.
Pothole  while driving north on Carmel mountain rd  on left most lane,  at intersection with canterheights
MULTIPLE DEEP AND DANGEROUS POT HOLES ON FRIARS NEAR RIVERDALE.
POTHOLES AND VERY UNEVEN PAVEMENT ON WINDING CREEK.  Not safe to walk on or drive on.
Huge deep pothole on street by Fuddruckers heading east on Mira Mesa blvd.
Potholes, makes tires loose traction as it there were a bunch of peddles
There are several large potholes when you exit Taylor street from the 8 heading west and come around the ramp to the stop sign and make a right turn. As you make the right turn there a at least three large potholes.
Pothole at the intersection of eastbound Camino Del Rio West and Moore Street.
pothole in front of 6540 home
Multiple potholes along  Kearny Mesa Rd. in both directions.
Pothole at the center of the intersection of Napa Street and Linda Vista Road.
There are a couple of pot holes in the alley of the between the addresses of 3712 thru 3716 46th street , San Diego CA 92105.
Westbound 9212 Miramar Road - SEVERAL LARGE POTHOLES.
Several large potholes at the intersection of Camino Ruiz and Miralani Drive.
Northbound 9483 Camino Ruiz - SEVERAL LARGE POTHOLES IN THE LEFT LANE.
POTHOLE NEAR CONSTRUCTION ZONE. ASPHALT AT THE EDGE OF A STEEL PLATE IS GONE, CREATING A BIG POTHOLE. EASTBOUND LANE CLOSEST TO SIDEWALK.


Multiple potholes start to finish on  street.  Particularly bad between Nimitz and Midway, a heavily trafficked area
Multiple potholes (for years) on  street particularly west to east.  Please fix!
Many big potholes at the intersection of Taylor St, Hotel Circle So, and the bridge over I-8.  Mostly on the WB lane, at the west end of the intersection.
Pot hole
Pot hole
Pot hole
Pot hole
Large pothole in the intersection of Fay and Nautilus
Pot hole
Huge pothole/sink hole. Shredded my tire!  Fix it now.   was reported a week ago.
6 inches deep pothole which can cause accidents about 100 ft before turning east to Washington Street. Once you?re on Washington Street under Fwy, there are so many potholes that dangerous and cannot be seen at night.
There are multiple large potholes on W Grape between Harbor Dr and State St. the same goes for Hawthorn St between India St and Harbor Dr. it makes the commute to and from the airport very bad for cars! Please fix  busy corridor ASAP!
Pothole at the intersection of Market St and 36th St. As you are turning left on 36th or going east on Market, it is difficult to avoid the pothole that is in the middle of the road.
Large deep potholes throughout whole Gold Coast Dr, especially  area
Right after Mira Mesa Blvd turn - very bumpy street. Lots of potoles
E/B UNIVERSITY POTHOLE IN THE FASTLANE
W/B POMERADO  POTHOLE IN #1 LANE
Large pothole on SE corner of Gold Coast and San Ramon
Elm Ave Street between 18th Street and Elm Ave needs to be fix.  has a lot of potholes.
Potholes on the whole street
Gold Coast if full of huge potholes from Wangenheim Middle all the way to Mason Elementary.
Pothole has reopened again in the north half of the intersection of the SB I-5 offramp & Via de la Valle.
On the Lake Murray frontage rd. (west) there are numerous potholes, from Lake Adlon to San Carlos Dr.
PLEASE REPAIR ALL THE NORTHBOUND LANES POTHOLES STARTING FROM EL CAJN BLVD ALL THE WAY TO ALVARADO CANYON RD
Multiple potholes
HUGE pot hole at intersection of a Navajo and College
Numerous pot holes stretched on Miramar Rd. between Kearny Villa Rd and Kearny Mesa Rd.
A pothole opened up here on the left lane going NORTH because it was not properly filled
Pothole going west next to the gas station
Pothole on WB Washington.
Badly damaged asphalt.
Pot hole at left turn from Washington to on ramp of 163.   Pot hole is at the red light for on ramp
Large potholes, uneven pavement, large dips from Nov work crew digging.  Cars are coming to a complete stop trying to navigate the damaged roadway.
Large potholes, badly damaged asphalt and potholes in nearby intersection.
Potholes
Pothole repair 2 days ago is already failing here.
Badly damaged asphalt where bridge starts on EB & WB Washington.  Piles and piles of asphalt on the gap have caused a speed bump and potholes
There is a giant pothole on Navajo Rd in the south lane at the intersection with College Ave. 's been getting increasingly worse and is now a giant crater.  could cause and accident or serious damage. Please fix it ASP!!
Pothole, getting bad
SINKHOLE IN INTERSECTION
Huge pothole from rain
When on Robinson turning to the 163 North on 10th that intersection 10th and Robinson needs major pot hole repair many pot holes
Resubmitting  request since it was evaluated and deemed no action is required. There are large potholes in middle of busy road. We must redirect our driving path to avoid these large holes. 's busy and difficult to take pictures, but you can easily see the potholes in the photo. Please fix. Thank you.
Pothole
GIANT pothole that is refilled but keeps coming back, the whole street on turquoise between fanuel and mission is a mess, Please Please fix these terrible potholes on  very busy thoroughfare!!!
Intersection of Balboa and mission,  is my second request, the intersection going both directions, mainly east, almost killed my car, please please fix them!!!
Very big pothole. About 2'
Pot hole on a street that was paved only a week ago!!!
Massive pothole on both sides of the street right in  area. Please fix on both sides
Please fill potholes
Due to the recent rains there are numerous potholes along Genesse Ave in both directions starting just past the 163 and going all the way to Linda Vista. This area has had potholes filled before, but they are not sticking. The entire section needs to be repaved.
the entire street of genessee on BOTH sides from boyd st to mount alifan are completely undriveable. HUGE potholes-sinkholes are causing people to nearly crash by either hitting them or avoiding them and swerving into other cars.
Two large potholes on Pershing Drive southbound. Smaller pot holes all the way down the hill
Large pothole
Large pothole
Huge pothole damaged my husband's wheel yesterday
Huge pothole that run all the way across the lane, and damaged my car
Pothole right lane northbound  COLLEGE & RACINE
Pothole gutter
Correction to previous report #02518086 that gave wrong location.  Huge pothole damaged my husband's wheel yesterday. WB on-ramp to 52 from Genesee
Pothole in front of the Federal Building in Balboa Park.
3 Potholes in front of our house and numerous more potholes on Mirasol Drive between our house and Pomerado Road need repairing.  Thx!
Multiple potholes on Gold Coast Dr.  Becoming undriveable.  Street is in desperate need of complete new overlay.
Deep pothole on the corner of Rockglen ave & Elco St
Horrible pothole
There are several large, deep potholes at  intersection.
Potholes
big pothole and crumbling asphalt in front of driveway at 16409 sarape dr
potholes
Deep pothole N/B #1lane Pomerado just north of Mirasol/Vezelay.
POTHOLE
2 FT X 20 "   AT LEAST A FOOT DEEP
Last night I was driving north on Pomerado Rd and hit a crater of a pothole.  dented my entire rim and popped my tire. I am filing a claim to the city. This pothole is almost invisible at night.  was filled with water from the rain and it is in a dark spot on the road right after and before two really bright street lights. This pothole could cause someone to get seriously injured. Coordinates 33.0258270, -117.0599920
This entire stretch of road outside of Sea World is FULL OF POT HOLES. One caused by tire to split and damaged the rim on my tire. I was left with a flat tire on a fast-paced road which is a dangerous situation. This road is also used every year for the Spring Sprint Triathlon with cyclists biking up and down it, hitting pot holes, going over their handle bars and being seriously injured. This road is extremely hazardous to both property (Vehicles, bikes etc.) and public safety!
Per H73 patch sinking trench near southwest corner. Sinking 6" down.
On Thorn Street just east of 28th Street is a large pothole at the stop sign.
2nd pothole growing larger next to older filled in pothole
Slurry seal failed two days after it was completed. There are large patches of asphalt that have opened up on Ragweed Street at Buckwheat. Contractor never came back to fix it.  I have photos but  app doesn?t seem to allow them to upload.
2180 Cable bet Muir & Voltaire-trip and fell on 7/16/2018 between the two connecting sidewalks (alleyway).  Pothole.
Long and deep pothole on Dale Street between Thorn and Upas.
The 4 corners at Black Mtn RD and Park Village Rd war torn up and replaced to accommodate disabled persons. The contractor never finished the job and left plastic bags over all for corner control panels. The center median on the west side of the intersection has been left unfinished for over one year and there are three cones sitting on the asphalt that was never repaired  Today there?s a contractor crew that?s torn up all the new sidewalk on the south east corner at Canyonside elementary school. This is insane I hope they have not been paid to do  work that is the debacle to the taxpayers
Pothole
e/b akins right before 65th st, cons busted tire on deep pothole
Huge potholes
old patch is completely crumbling, its on a very steep part of the road and its about 3 feet across and down to dirt.. many pothole from 1300 to 1400 part of road..need help fast please
In the middle of North bound lane on Kearney Mesa Rd. Just before Magnatron Blvd.
On 2/18/19 at 11:10 P.M. I was traveling north on college avenue at the average speed of traffic.  I am a very astute driver but  pothole came into sight at the last possible moment and as was unavoidable, I smashed over  extremely deep, unmarked pothole with such force that I thought it had broken the front end of my Mercedes S500.  An SRS error light immediately illuminated, and has been on since. I pulled over into the college lot immediately after the incident, to surveil the damage.  I believe that it has cause serious wear and tear all across my front end, caused an error with the SRS system, and possibly bent both my rims.  I have been busy working ever since and driving another vehicle, but  will not go unaccounted for
GIANT pothole in the left, south bound lane of Ingraham after the loop to exit for Sea World drive (right before the final bridge before Sports Arena).   is an extreme hazard.
There are several very large, tire busting potholes on westbound Balboa Avenue from the 805 to Genesee. They're in the middle lane and the lane closest to the center median. There are cars actively swerving to avoid these potholes and going into other lanes nearly causing car accidents.
Pothole
Pothole
In front of what used to be fuddruckers


Multiple potholes at the corner of College and Navajo Road.
Multiple potholes on Park Ave between Zoo Drive Village Place
This is not a pothole, but a depression in the middle of the street that was not there before the storm. Pkiki
Pothole
Massive potholes in onramp one and on turn onto 163 from Washington headed east.
Westbound, right lane
Potholes

Potholes on left lane eastbound Miramar Rd
Multiple potholes
Microtrench in bike lane washed out in recent storm. Been  way for weeks. I've popped two bike tires so far on my commute from  trench and almost fell into traffic.
Potholes on westbound Miramar Rd
Potholes on westbound Miramar Rd
Potholes on westbound Miramar Rd
Bad slurry job about a year ago.  Large patches are coming off. Was  the same contractor that is having to redo jobs?
There are 3 large potholes in the middle of the road that is the entrance to the 805 freeway going north. So large, they are going to damage multiple cars daily.
potholes
Potholes
POTHOLE ON CORONADO E/B JUST BEFORE ATWATER
Numerous pot holes on road going eastbound

This is an alley issue.  Most of the rocks in the alley between Santa Cruz and Coronado Ave. from the rain, have washed onto the roadway in the 1650 block of Venice St.
Pothole in the northbound right lane of Clairemont Drive
Potholes when you exit the off the 8 freeway onto Taylor Street meets the Hotel Cir S. Just over the bridge that leads you into Old Town.
Pothole in the northbound left lane  at about 3850 or more.  Just short of the office building on the east side of Clairemont Drive.
Pothole in the northbound lane of Clairemont Drive
There are numerous potholes in the southbound lane of Clairemont Drive between Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Joplin Avenue
WB on La Jolla Py 30 feet before Ardath is a pothole in the right lane.
Potholes between Art and Stanley on Seminole
Intersection of first ave and elm. Potholes everywhere both before, middle and after intersection.
Potholes
Pothole in right lane of southbound Fairmount Avenue, just before the onramp to WB I-8.
A few potholes in NB lanes of Fairmount Ave. just as you pass the intersection for cars coming from EB I-8.
BAD POTHOLES
ASHPALT BROKEN UP AROUND CURB LINE AND POT HOLES.
Huge asphalt patch has been sinking ever since it was placedVery bad
Potholes
small pot hole filled in on tuesday feb 19, didnt last one day and now another larger pot hole has opened up next to the smaller one
There are multiple deep potholes as you travel south on the bridge across interstate 8 at Taylor Street.
Potholes and deep cracks throughout  intersection
Pothole near corner. Getting worse

Two large potholes in the crosswalk.
Deep cracks in the bike lane. Makes it dangerous for cyclists, as it causes us to ride in the traffic lane to avoid getting stuck in the deep cracks.
Potholes all along Luna ave, from pocahontas to otomi
This is a joke,  road needs to be fixed
Pothole in left NB lane of Pomerado Rd , north of Bernardo Heights Parkway.
Big pothole before train tracks westbound
Lots of potholes on corner of Hawthorne and harbor. Nb.
Pothole on Woodman
Series of deep pot holes after exiting from 163 south onto Genessee Ave exit ramp - upon the right turn from outside lane onto Genesse Ave. The pot holes come in rapid succession and have caused a tire to pop and the wheel frame to be bent. each requiring full replacement.
Large pothole and numerous others in the 200 feet leading up to it.
Pothole when you travel east on Friar's and tale mission center road exit.  Shortly when you take the exit there is a large pothole.
Many potholes on the university off ramp from 163 south bound.  The are on the left lane going south.
The asphalt in the roadway in the 4400 Block of 44th Street, between Meade and Monroe Aves needs to be resurfaced immediately. This street has a bike lane, and is in terrible disrepair.
Huge pothole caused flat tire traveling west bound in front of Burger King. Contact is Louis at 619-282-0877
There is a substantial phone going eastbound on clairemont mess Blvd just past convoy
BIG POTHOLE IN FROM OF MASON ELEMENTARY AND ALL THROUGHOUT THE GOLD COAST DR.
Pothole on Eastgate Mall before Olson heading west.
going E on Airway there are numerous deep potholes just past La Media.   There are at least 4 huge potholes at that intersection of La Media and Airway, and continues to have lots of deep pits on E Airway up to Avenida Costa Azul.  There are truckers who travel  area and the holes could cause any of them to tip over.
Eastbound left lane of Mira Mesa Blvd at the intersection of Camino Ruiz.  Other areas along Mira Mesa as well.
The whole road is so rough.
Pothole in the leftside of the left lane of eastbound Navajo Rd about a quarter mile east of the intersection with Cowles Mountain Blvd. Since there's no address number popping up in the app, please use the link in the description Dropped pinNear 7901-8007 Navajo Rd, San Diego, CA 92119https://goo.gl/maps/iPuJinNAeME2
Some parts of the whole road is rough.
large pothole in middle of intersection of camino del norte and bernardo center drive.

LARGE POT HOLE RP:  GAK 858-210-6197
Cannington and Arundel.not fixed, 3rd report
POTHOLES IN ALLEY
Please close Report #02518655/SAP Notification No. 040300107160 as I was given false info. Pothole in the westbound #1 lane of Navajo Rd about a quarter mile prior to the intersection with Cowles Mountain Blvd. Since there's no address number popping up in the app, please use the Google maps link for the location. Dropped pinNear Navajo Rd, San Diego, CA 92119https://goo.gl/maps/ZwXLPfEd5sy
There is a very large pothole heading SE on Main St in the #2 lane after you exit SB I-5.
There are multiple large potholes in the left hand turn lane on E Washington St - the location of the potholes on E Washington is in the 163 dedicated left hand turn lane. The address attached to report is the closest address to the location. The turn lane with the potholes is directly North of  address on Richmond.
Potholes on the intersection with Othello. Several potholes on Convoy
Giant 7" deep 10" across pothole
Deep pothole southbound Linda Vista Rd.
Back alley if my home address needs immediate fix recently a part of alley was fixed but my back side has potholes and water gets bad when raining please as a citizen I demand fix
Huge pothole now filled with water and spreading mud all over the street.
Alley in back of my home address must get fix please when raining it gets really bad full of water please fix it potholes are also dangerous I?ve tripped a few times
The entire block from 163 South of ramp to Osler.  The #1 lane is littered with potholes that could be considered canyons!
Huge pothole. Contact is Navid at 612-720-4443
Multiple potholes coming off the freeway all the way up to light
Lots of potholes traveling south bound before the freeway entrances. Contact is Jain at 858-454-9141
Huge pothole northbound on Camino Ruiz between Carrol Canyon Road
Some potholes have been recently fixed but there are dozens of others on Navajo rd between marjoram and park ridge.
Uneven road. Already tripped and fell while crossing street.
Multiple potholes in both lanes going towards freeway
Chunks of asphalt coming up in the street. Contact is Joe at 619-813-9573
Pothole
Pothole Southside of street
POTHOLE
Potholes
Road surface needs complete reseal on the Whale Watch Way top section, as well as the laneway that forms part of Whale Watch Way. Surface is too damaged, cracked, uneven and patched to consider another few pothole repairs. The laying of new water pipes through the cutting of the road surface has led to soft crumbling strips between the hard white concrete road surface in the laneway.
Various deep pot holes located on NB Reo Dr. turning lane to WB onto Cumberland St.

Potholes
After a water line repair several spots in the street were not correctly filled in and have left deep grooves, impressions and holes that severely impact vehicle traffic in the area. There are thrre areas where traffic constantly goes out of the lane into oncoming traffic to avoid the sunken area. I have reported  before, I belive someone came out, but the problem gets worse every day.
Several potholes in the center of the intersection
Pot holes
Many huge pot holes in mission gorge rd
In middle lane (#2 from left), on Friars eastbound between Santos and Riverdale, in the 10300 block. Pothole is 18 inches in diameter and 4 inches deep. Present for at least 2 weeks, growing in size.
Southbound off ramp before Washington intersection in middle Lane
Street has needed resurfacing for some time, but two potholes in front of our house near intersection with Forrestal Rd. are becoming worse and are in need immediate repair!
There is a large 2'x2' pot hole that looks at least 1' deep right as Azure Coast Dr merges with La Jolla Parkway in the right lane
Large pothole middle of intersection
Large pothole on north side of the street
 pothole is been there for over 6 months. Every time someone park close by it there car gets spray over or people tries to go around almost causing an accident. Please fix it.
Large pothole in street
Large pothole in intersection
Deep wheel busting hole
Sink hole forming
Huge potholes heading west on Camino Del Norte (Between Paseo Montanoso to Camino San Bernardo). Please fill.
Pothole at Gold Coast Drive and San Ramon
large holes just north of Aldine, NB, plus more large holes past MOntezuma ramp
DEEP POTHOLES ON EB LANE OF THE ADDRESS PROVIDED
DEEP POTHOLES ON WB OF THE ADDRESS PROVIDED
Number 3 lane
Big pothole in the intersection
In the middle of the intersection
Pothole it's a room breaker
Pothole
Pothole.  This pothole was reported on  site a few weeks ago.   is a concrete area at the intersection and it is huge and quite a jolt if you hit it.  Please fix it completely  time.   Thank you.
Pothole on westbound Linda Vista Road, just west of Marian Way.
Broken meter cover - reported previously - walking hazard to pedestrians and to meter
Potholes (many throughout the one block lane.  You feel like you are driving a slalom as there are so many potholes on that block.  This is one of many spots in Mira Mesa that need maintenance. Thank you.
SERIOUS potholes in traffic lanes  FriarsRd.  WB
Potholes all along Parkdale Ave from Mira Mesa Blvd to Salk school (Gold Coast).  This area hasn't been repaved in many years. Thank you!
Two or three very deep potholes on Hancock St north of W. Washington St. Adjoining with PCH South off ramp to Washington St .
Series of potholes along east bound lanes of Friars Road.
Potholes on Wightman St driving westbound after crossing 43rd St, close to corner of Community Garden. This section of road has more potholes like the one in picture. Thanks.
Previous patch eroded and pothole opened up again. Driving southbound on Fairmount Ave, cross street is Olive.
Pothole on Piccard Ave (North bound) near Del Sol Blvd
Several potholes on Lanes 1 & 2 about 1,000 feet before lanes split to Mission George Route going north and I-8 West/East Exit.
PER SDPD THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE IN THE WEST BOUND LANE AT THE INTERSECTION ON NAVAJO RD
One lane of travel heading Westbound towards Ibarra Elementary School has several consecutive potholes. Lane needs to be repaved if possible.
Giant pothole in the street on Turquoise right by the preschool. The road in the three blocks surrounding  area are destroyed with holes
My tires have been damaged twice where there are 5-6 large potholes after you cross over the 8 & turn right on Taylor. PLEASE fix these. I know numerous people who have reported them & nothing has been done & they've been there for over 1 year.
Louisiana St and Meade Ave
Pot holes on all lanes of Fairmount Ave going North towards Mission George & I-8 East/West/ 15North overpass. Potholes gets worse going on ALL lanes starting at the closest apartment complex address ?4850 Talmadge Park Row? going North on Fairmount Ave for about roughly 0.3 miles. This road keeps getting patched up, but after the rain, the ground erodes. Please Re-Pave  road!!
Pothole was filled in but now it's sunken in and even worse after last rainfall
Two giant pot holes when heading north on west hills in the right hand lane right before you cross Carlton and in the intersection
Multiple pot holes drivers can't avoid.
The entire road from Grape Street to the San Diego Airport is horrible, potholes everywhere. I might as well be driving on a dirt road in the desert...
A cluster of uneven pavement in the proximity of the crosswalks. Noticeable when driving and making a right onto Balboa Ave.
PER SDFD, THERE IS A HAZARDOUS POTHOLE THAT CAUSED AN ACCIDENT IN THE INTERSECTION.
THERE IS AN EXCEPTIONALLY WIDE AND DEEP POTHOLE IN THE INTERSECTION OF 14TH AND ISLAND CAUSING DAMAGE TO NUMEROUS PASSING VEHICLES.
DEEP AND DANGEROUS POTHOLE AT THE INTERSECTION OF 14TH AND ISLAND IS HARD TO SEE IN THE DARK. SCOOTER RIDER RODE OVER IT, WAS THROWN FORWARD ONTO THE GROUND AND INJURED.
There are 2-3 large potholes on the southbound lanes of the 2300 block of north Harbor Drive, as you approach the intersection with W Hawthorne Street. I have hit them multiple times driving home from work. They have gotten bigger with these rain storms.
west of the 15, there are numerous very large potholes along camino del norte until you get to the 4s ranch welcome sign. two of the worst are before the intersection at bernardo center drive and the second is in that intersection.
Milton Street has completely fallen apart.  was just paved a year ago and now it?s as if you?re off-roading to go up the street. Please help! And make sure to fire whomever paved  road to begin with!
Multiple large potholes on Friars Rd between the 15 and mission gorge.  Several are deep and hard to see until last minute. Hazardous to vehicles.
Deep potholes
Two very large and very deep potholes

Lathe potholes
Large potholes

Major pothole / road damage . Approx 12" deep, 10" wide, 24-36" long
potholes all over  address and up from it  the holes dug were improperly filled and now they are potholes
Large pothole in left lane going north on Vista Sorrento Pkwy right before crossing Sorrento Valley Blvd.
Many large potholes between 805 and 163 freways
Several big potholes

I think  is the start of of a sinkhole
SEC of Pearl St. and Girard Ave.  Huge pothole at corner of intersection.  I have experienced on my bike a number of times.  Please fill.
Road conditions along Harbor Drive in front of BAE Systems to the San Diego Naval Base are terrible, large potholes and and uneven roads due to previous work/rain makes it dangerous. Please take a look and repair as necessary

There are a couple of large potholes that are very difficult to avoid when turning right (Westbound) on to Taylor street from the freeway over pass.
Pothole
Very large pothole in the right lane (not the right turn lane) that is about 6 car lengths before the light. No image as it's illegal for me to use my phone while operating a automobile.
2 potholes in North bound lanes at Camino del Sur and Watson Ranch road. Chunks of asphalt in road.

Left side of right through lane

Multiple holes in left and right sides of right hand lane under the 56 westbound bridge/overpass section
On Reagan Rd South of New Salem, just after the 4 way stop near middle of street.
Large pothole in middle lane right at beginning of traffic light
2 Potholes in right lane before the light.  (Going down hill..West maybe?) VERY BIG AND DEEP AND VERY DANGEROUS BECAUSE CARS ARE SWERVING TO AVOID THEM!!!
10 inch pothole in middle lane (leftmost edge) at intersection
This pothole is the size of a car. 's clearly the result of the pavement sinking six or more inches lower than the surface street.  is on the west side of 1st Avenue and there is a second pothole somewhat south of  huge one.

Pot holes located at woodman st, San Diego 92139 between freeway 54 and paradise valley road especially close to freeway 54. Long standing problem,  please  fix SOON!
Dangerous Pothole in a crosswalk and right at eight turn
Near trolley tracks

Potholes
Large pothole was filled last month
Near intersection
Pothole
Recurring potholes
Hear trolley tracks, both directions

Large, very deep pothole on turn from I-8 West offramp turning onto Taylor Street going west.  There are dozens more smaller potholes in that stretch of Taylor between offramp and Presidio Park.
Pothole
On south side of street
Dangerous potholes all the way down Aldine.
The manhole covers are now potholes because the street has been resurfaced, and the manhole covers are now 2-3 inches below street level. My car is getting pounded to death. This is on Mercy road between I15 and Black Mountain Rd. mainly on the Westbound lanes.
Pot Holes
Lot of pothole on  street and big ones.
Pot Holes Bad Road on San Vicente & Sunnyside
3400-3500 Del Mar Heights W/B lanes lots of potholes and cracks
JUST AS YOU PASS THE 4 WAY STOP  AT PASEO CARDIEL AND PASEO MONTABLAN POT HOLE .
Multiple Potholes.
Pothole that has been filled 2 times in last couple of months and keeps washing out.
Huge pothole in Mira Mesa on Kenova and Reagan Street
Strip of many potholes in very busy intersection of Carmel Creek  Road and Carmel Country Road.  Was fixed poorly about 6 months ago .... needs attention.
Numerous pot holes on Woodman from Alta View to on ramp 54 w
Concrete section of street cracking and may be leaking from below
Big pothole on Alvarado Rd heading west a bit before Reservoir.
A very large pothole in front of 8545 Gold Coast Drive.
Pothole.
Potholes on Taylor street at 8 east onway ramp.
Pothole at the limit line of the STOP sign at Thorn St and 28th St. Quite large. New from all the rain.

potholes on n harbor dr just past spanish landing going w/b on the overpass in the 3rd lane where concrete meets asphalt
s yuuuge!
e/b on coronado in the left turn lane to hollister
Pot holes
Potholes
Large pothole under Fairmount bridge on Aldine drive heading eastbound
Westbound Navajo Road before left turn lane to Cowles Mountain Boulevard. Pothole located off the curb in left lane. Pothole is deep.
Pothole in westbound carriageway.
I live at 2015 Robinson Avenue and potholes have been a persistent issue for the last eight years that I have resided here. In the past six months they have grown increasingly worse, and one vehicle even had to be dislodged from a hole, with towing assistance, when the front wheel was stuck. These potholes are not conducive for the durability of the numerous vehicles that drive along  street.
SB santo
Several SB Santo @ school entrance
I live at 2015 Robinson Avenue and potholes have been a persistent issue for the last eight years that I have resided here. In the past six months they have grown increasingly worse, and one vehicle even had to be dislodged from a hole, with towing assistance, when the front wheel was stuck. These potholes are not conducive for the durability of the numerous vehicles that drive along  street.
Huge pot holes exiting the freeway caused me to get a flat tire and bent my rim requiring towing.
Going eastbound on Main St. there are several deep potholes and road erosion due to previous road construction. I've seen numerous vehicles swerve dangerously around them. I've also driven over them and they are very dangerous and could be damaging to vehicles.
Pothole in alley
SB Santo by school
Pothole in alley
LARGE POTHOLE
Huge pothole in the westbound lane of Rosecrans
Multiple potholes cross of airway met
Deep pothole in far right lane going westbound.
Multiple potholes
Multiple Potholes
Pothole
Multiple potholes
Multiple potholes
Pothole
Pothole
Huge pothole on W Mission bay drive just before the bridge
potholes everywhere heading west on camino del norte
An assortment of big pot holes under the freeway.
Deep pothole near southwest corner of Clairemont Mesa Blvd & Shawline Drive
The recent rain has caused the filled pothole to collapse. There is a water pipe underneath.  is when driving through everyday.

Huge pothole near the top of the street. Many other smaller ones too. The one pictured is especially bad because of the tilt of the hill, it's hard to see

Pot hole
Huge pothole in left lane right before Ingram bridge going south
3 potholes. 1 on the Northbound Fairmont just before the intersection of Camino Del Rio N on the middle lane. Another is in the intersection of Fairmount heading North and Camino Del Rio. Last post hold on Fairmount heading south on the farthest right lane about 20ft from the intersection light of Camino Del Rio N.
Patch failure
Potholes
Bad pavement patch
Potholes
On Allen Road right next to the sign post
northbd, left lane just past the bridge to the parking lot
corner of College and Navajo, southeast corner at crosswalk
eastbd left lane just before Camino Estrellado
eastbd left lane just past Camino Estrellado
There is a huge pothole when you make a left turn

Potholes

Large pothole on the right late of Front Street, just before the intersection of Front & Washington, adjacent to the Jack in the Box.
Pothole approx. 4ft LNGTH 2ft WDTH left lane heading North from Palm ave , long stretch of potholes. Road needs to be re-paved.
Several large potholes on Washington St., heading East, on the the left turn lane as you are preparing to turn onto the 163 N Freeway.
There is a large section of the road that has sunken in (sink hole?) located by the address.
POTHOLE ON 4TH & ISLAND
Series of potholes in right lane of 4000 block eastbound W Pt Loma Blvd
Pothole in front of house. Getting bigger
Deep pothole westbound friars road left lane near morena bridge construction zone
Pothole in front
College Ave and Montezuma, northeast corner, hole in front of handicap ramp in crosswalk, also have what ponding
potholes northbound where muirlands goes into camino del teatro .
Numerous potholes westbound W Pt Loma Bl in left lane all the way from Midway to Nimitz
Pothole at northwest corner of Nimitz and chatsworth
Pothole on New Salem, east of Camino Ruiz.  Next to the San Diego Library sign
Potholes
Potholes on ruffner from Balboa ave to dagget st
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Big pot hole. New since the recent rains. There are actually 2 in the area (about 20 feet apart maybe). Thanks for taking the time to fix .
Pothole on Clairemont Mesa Blvd., Westbound lane number 2 at the intersection with the signal lights for Kaiser Medical Center (before Ruffin Rd).  Thank you.
Mission Gorge Rd and Friars Rd. from Zion to i-15.  Many large (at least 1 ft across) potholes westbound.  Not quite as many eastbound, but they are there.  Driving dodging around them is not easy.
Pothole: Gold Coast drive and Westonhill Drive
Right lane, left side of lane. Lots of loose debris as well.
Wheel sized pot-hole at edge of asphalt where the eastbound bike lane on Miramar road merges with the Right Turn lane onto Kearny Villa Road.  Several cars swetve to avoid it, endangering cyclists and cars in the right eastbound through lane.
Pothole
Pothole in right hand lane of south west bound Sorrento Valley Blvd, hard to avoid when turning right from Vista Sorrento Parkway.
Huge damage causing pothole
Approximately 18 potholes in alley/street. This happens every year. The street needs to be paved.
Major potholes at the intersection of El Cajon Blvd and Florida St on the 7-Eleven side.
Pothole Westbound Washington st right lane at India St intersection.
Pothole on the 805 on ramp
Pothole in 805 off ramp
Large pothole
Several potholes along the stretch of Coronado Ave between Green Bay Street and Hollister Street
Pothole NE Corner of College and Montezuma
6" DEEP POTHOLE. WESTBOUND ON LANE CLOSEST TO THE CURB. IN FRONT OF HOSPITAL.
Potholes
Major potholes on Fairmount North before on ramp to 8 freeway east snd
Potholes on northbound lanes plus or minus 100 yards in each direction from noted area
Pothole
In the right hand turn lane there are 2-3 areas that need to be filled right when meeting balboa.  Dangerous as it's during a big turn.
Pothole heading east on Navajo right after Marjorum intersection.
On Elm Ave between 18th and Saturn has very BAD potholes in the middle of street. The whole street needs to repave. If the street is not repaved in a reasonable time then I will pass my bill when my 2012 Volkswagen Passat will need shocks. This is getting ridiculous. This street is a very busy street.
Pothole heading west on Navajo about 1/4 mile from Marjorum intersection.
HUGE pothole heading east @ Rancho Mission Center & Friars intersection. About 2' wide and at least 3"+ deep.
Major pothole in right lane. Caused tire and rim damage to car (had to be towed).
Large pothole eastbound Coronado Avenue between Green Bay and Saturn
There is a very deep pothole right before the intersection when driving east on cedar at 4th ave.
Many potholes west of I15 on Camino Del Norte (westbound)
Multiple cracks & pothole
Potholes are near intersection of Via Las Tonadas and Vista Lane, where the asphalt and cement meet at the end of Via Las Tonadas. The asphalt is crumbling and the holes are getting deeper. You have to almost stop in your car to avoid damaging  your wheels.
A huge  wrinkle in pavement when you turn right on the left lane.
Large pot holes
A pot hole located in the address posted is towards the left of the left lane of the road as if you're leaving Sea World.  has cracked my wheel, blew my tire, and caused damage to my vehicle resulting in $1050 worth of damage.
MULTIPLE  POTHOLES IN THE
Large, deep pothole. One of many on Camino del Norte.
THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE STREET AT THE ADDRESS.
Noticed several potholes while driving north on cardeno drive . Probably from latest rain
Many many potholes. Very deep and aggressive. Cause my rim dented.    As well ass a water leak in those potholes as well.
Going eastbound on Friars Rd. before Frazee Rd. intersection in rightmost lane, there is a large pothole. Can you please repair ? Very busy traffic area. Appreciate the hard work of city workers, and imagine it's been a busy season with all the rain and related damage. Thanks!
Eastbound on Friars before Mission Center Rd exit, there are potholes in rightmost lanes.
Huge potholes in South crosswalk, chronic problem. Caused by illegal water flow from lawn of uphill business.
Big pothole in the middle of a very busy intersection/on ramp to 805. ?s very deep, hopefully it can be fixed soon. Thanks!!
Multiple potholes at intersection.
PER SDPD THERE IS A POTHOLE IN THE EASTBOUND LANE AFTER THE FRAZEE RD INTERSECTION
Bad pothole at the crosswalk of College Ave and Arosa St next to the Church sign
Pothole at the crosswalk with Yerba Santa got worse. Right lane going east
The pothole is in the right lane, while travelling southbound on Convoy Street.  is about 200 Ft. before Convoy Court.
CUSTOMER STATES THAT THERE IS A POTHOLE ON TORREY PINES RD BETWEEN CALLE DE LA PLATA & LA JOLLA SHORES DR.
There is a pothole in the middle lane, travelling eastbound on Miramar Road.  is about 4 inches deep.
Pothole on University Ave in North Park, between Bancroft and Boundary St. The westbound Lane, near gas station. There is no way to avoid running over it unless I change lanes.
Pothole on right-most lane on Qualcomm Way (North) directly in front of the I-8 West off-ramp.
pothole on eastbound Clairemont Mesa Blvd / Shawline
Several pot holes at  intersection.
Pothole right in the crosswalk and right where the tires go.
Big pothole in right lane on Genesee northbound just before Lehrer intersection.
Pothole in Euclid Avenue and Federal Ave.
Verrrrry deep pothole. Several smaller ones also up and down the street.
The east side of Cardeno has a large pothole.
Long pothole
Pothole on southbound side of Sixth Ave at end of Palm.
Right in the middle of the road.


Triana Street between Limerick and Derrick is VERY rough. A lot of traffic cuts through from Clairemont Mesa Blvd to Limerick. Right turn onto Triana and then left turn onto Derrick to get to shopping and Genesee Ave. Of course there is significant traffic in both directions. This section was not recently paved like Limerick and Derrick. Please fix Triana between Derrick and Limerick. I live on Seaford Pl which is located adjacent to  section of Triana. A traffic study would prove  section gets significant traffic.
Very long series of broken roadway on the Northbound ramp of 163, just north of University.  has been there for along time, ineffective repairs have been seen from time to time.
Missing survey monument cover.  I have previously reported  over two years ago. There are two monument covers missing on  street. Not sure what it takes to get  repaired but two years seems like quite some time.From: McCormick, Rick Sent: Monday, February 25, 2019 8:55 AMTo: Engineering <ENGINEERING@sandiego.gov>; Isbell, Kassandra <KIsbell@sandiego.gov>Cc: Butcher, John <JButcher@sandiego.gov>Subject: RE: Monument Cover InquiryHi Kassie,There is no mechanism in place at the City to have these monuments raised. Please refer  to TSW to have asphalt poured to grade over the M-10 monument lids. We have  documented to have them raised in some future decade.Rick McCormick, PLSSenior Land SurveyorEngineering Technical Services DivisionLand Survey Section,  Mail Station 189573 Chesapeake Dr. San Diego, California 92123 Ph: 858.627.3214 rmccormick@sandiego.gov
banging and beating the heck out of my car. Came after the rains and getting bigger daily.


2 big potholes plus corroded concrete with standing water
Devastated asphalt and potholes.

Numerous large potholes in intersection

This pothole is in a heavy traffic area, but it has to be around 8-10" deep. Some cars don't see it and hit it hard. This can lead to a bad accident at the intersection during the morning commute.

Two big potholes at freeway exit right to Ohio.



Big potholes at 805 freeway onramp entrance on Kansas St. Cars are swerving to avoid.
DEEP POTHOLE- DAMAGING TO CARS
Near Arco gas station by Lake Murray

Pothole

There are several potholes on Lake Murray Blvd between Lake Arrowhead Drive and Navajo Rd. One is across from the pet hospital, one is across from Union Bank, and another is near Arco.
2 potholes on intersection of Kleefeld and Tecumseh.
2 potholes at intersection of Kleefeld and Vallejo...Kleefeld is in dire need of repaving. 's like offroading...
14200 twin peaks road, San Diego, ca (westbound, left lane)

Big potholes on southbound 47th St just before the turn on to El Cajon Blvd.
Potholes on 59th Street & Adams Avenue
There is a large pothole in  intersection going west.
In NB lane




Numerous deep potholes along  stretch of road.
The pothole is in the northbound right lane of Clairemont Drive, south of the office building on the east side of the street

Giant pothole

Several significant potholes within 20 feet all in the southbound right hand lane
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Potholes
Big pothole on b and 32nd
pothole in right lane of w/b camino del norte
Two potholes in northbound lanes of Genesee just north of exit/entrance to 52 east.
in intersection of clairmeont mesa bl and convoy st, 4-5 2x2 potholes
Couple potholes at bottom of hill, just before hiking area parking lot. Genesee north, right lane. Ignore the address, it won't let me put Genesee...
Deep pothole on the intersection new Salem and Mira Mesa. Near community park
This whole area is potholes in the eastbound lanes

Deep large pothole
Potholes
There's a potholes formed on Broadway street in front of our Condo Complex of 3078 Broadway San Diego Ca. 92102, and is about 1 - 1 1/2 foot wide.  Additionally, there are multiple potholes on Broadway going from our large pothole moving south towards both the 94 west and 94 east freeway entrances towards F Street.
Pothole
Two pot holes in the leftmost lane traveling north on Kearny Villa Rd between Miramar and Black Mountain Road.
2 potholes in intersection of camino del norte and bernardo center dr
Pothole in right lane of Genesee North near Decoro St.

Several potholes in middle of street







Alligator asphalt
Fix all the potholes please
Pot hole in the left lane of the exit ramp to I-8W. Just before the exit splits off of Fairmount Ave. In line with the driver's side tires.
Big pothole, asphalt coming up making a big bump! Driving hazard right as you turn by China Fun restaurant
Large pothole in alley. Has been reported several times before and city patches it, continues to be an issue
Big potholes and bad road at crosswalk by 7-11
Huge pothole east side of intersection on New Salem at Cam Ruiz
Extremely large pothole at NW Side is Kansas and Meade intersection
on palm going e/b before hawaii av in the #2 lane, pothole
n/b beyer before palm av in the #1 lane
palm av between 18 and saturn, 2 potholes
In my alley it?s all dirt so when it rains it?s hard to go to my house because there is always a puddle infront of my gate so we have to put a brick or wood to make a walk way to not wet our shoes.
Cluster of potholes
Huge Pothole on East Bound lane of Firars road. Resulted in tire blowout.
pothole

Small pothole in right lane of Eastgate heading west almost a block before Genesee.

Large potholes on Harbor Drive between Hawthorn and Grape
Large pothole on Harbor Drive and Grape Street heading southbound
Large pothole on Linda Vista Rd in front of Arco station. 6936 Linda Vista Rd, San Diego, CA 92111
College ave on-ramp to the 8-w and college ave exiting the 8-w off-ramp have car damaging pot holes.
Pot holes on Del Cerro Blvd between college and Madra are car damaging.
Multiple potholes along Alvarado Road in both directions.
This entire street segment needs resurfacing.  is in very poor condition and was skipped when all the other segments of Sundance Ave were slurried.
Pot holes in middle turn lane between 8031 -8033 Linda Vista
This entire street segment needs resurfacing.  is in very poor condition and was skipped when all the other segments of Sundance Ave were slurried.
This entire street segment needs resurfacing.  is in very poor condition and was skipped when all the other segments of Sundance Ave were slurried.
This entire street segment needs resurfacing.  is in very poor condition and was skipped when all the other segments of Sundance Ave were slurried.



This road was fine until it was redone about 4 months ago now there is a giant sinkhole forming. Get your money back from whomever you paid to redo  road and fix again. Please, thank you.
Multiple potholes in the intersection of convoy st and Clairemont Mesa blvd
Pothole in rightmost lane on eastbound La Jolla village dr before the intersection with Lebon dr
Off ramp from 8 west on to 15 south a large deep hole just as you merge onto 15.


A line of potholes on Black Mountain Road northbound just after Fall River Rd. This same work request was already closed and under number 02498735. But as I had stated on that work order request ? your marker was not reflecting the correct Street, Black Mountain Road, a very large street, but it was choosing a street a whole block away. You need IT techs to work on your system.
East bound second lane from the right
Potholes throughout intersection of Via de la Valle in front of both malls-the Gelson's mall & the Flower Hill mall. Fyi-I tried to put  request in on desktop. Your system wouldn't allow me to put the address in saying it was not city of SD. Sooo, I put it in with the Del Mar City. They said Via de la Valle east of the 5 is not their jurisdiction. There is something grossly wrong w your online system. This is leading to the public (like me) having to spend more time than I should. And, a waste of time putting it in w the city of Del Mar. You all need to get more efficient!!
Large Pot holes that caused a flat tire and I have to get a replaced.I would like to get a reimbursement of $382.
Big deep pothole
The whole block from  16th Street to Thermal is filled with potholes
Pothole, Reagan road, intersection of Reagan & New Salem, southbound lane of Reagan Road, near fire hydrant, near Childtime Child Cate Center.

Big one, left lane leaving la Jolla, near top of hill
Large pothole where asphalt meets concrete on left eastbound side
Large pothole on road making access to and from the houses at the bottom of the hill difficult
Potholes driving westbound on Home Ave, between I 805 overpass and Fairmount Ave. Thanks.
Pothole in right lane of eastbound La Jolla village dr over the 5 near the 5 north on ramp
Very deep pothole very dangerous especially to motorcyclists . Will damage cars for sure
To whom it may concern, there is a long-lived unavoidable pothole here at the corner of the alley next to "Box Brothers." Please fix, thank you.
Pot hole in number 3 lane heading west on Camino Del Norte from the 15.
Pothole in between number 1 and 2 lane heading west.
Huge pot hole the size of a man hole in the number 3 lane heading west
Pothole in the number 1 lane that was recently filled, has expanded horizontally and needs to be filled again.
Deep potholes right before intersection on the left side.
Large pothole about 1ft x 2ft on free entrance
Pothole in the middle of interesection
Deep pothole at the corner of 18th Street and Dahlia Avenue
URGENT!!! This driveway exit by cvs leaving the pacific plaza need to be closed until repair. I just saw a front bumper of a car torn off. This will cost the city money. Photos attached. Driveway on garnet, north side of street, 2nd driveway from Jewell and Garnet. Photos attached. Pothole spans the entire driveway exit.
A series of 4 huge potholes on the exit to mission center from friars heading east
3670 Ruffin Road - southbound Ruffin Road
Huge pothole on the exit ramp off the 805
Numerous deep potholes in the trench line that is sinking!
On Friars Road west bound between Mission Center Road and Gill Village Way there are at least four large/deep potholes.
Deep pothole on westbound Camino Del Norte just past the intersection with Bernardo Center Dr, close to where the three lanes are coned to two lanes.
I have 5 potholes in front of my house.  Could I please get them filled?  Thank you.
PER CUSTOMER THERE ARE MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON THIS SECTION OF STREET.
Date of issue was Friday  February 22nd at around 130 pm, There is a pothole right outside of terminal 1 right before you pull into the terminal , I was driving  into the airport and right before I entered I was switching lanes and hit a pothole that had tore my front right tire enough to pop it and give me a flat !  I had to sit in the terminal  while I waited for AAA to come for almost 2 hours . I had purchase a new tire for $391 the next day at Discount Tires . And was not able to make my shift for work . Would really like a refund for the damage . The pothole  and that road itself was very  rough on my car and  could damage a lot of other cars as well. Please fix it !
There is a huge pothole on Gold Coast Dr. at San Ramon on the side opposite Mason elementary school.   would be great if it could be addressed.  Thank you.
There are several potholes, on 69th Street,  between the addresses of 5115 69th St. and 5199 69th St.  The cross streets are   Saranac St. to the South and     Mandalay Rd. to the  North.  Thank you     Robert A.

Please repair the dozens of potholes on the southbound lanes of Fairmount Ave. from Camino Del Rio S all the way to El Cajon Blvd
Entire length of Oleander Drive needs resurfacing NOT slurry coating. The street is ?pulling apart.?
Please repair the dozens of potholes on the northbound lanes of Fairmount Ave. from El Cajon Blvd all the way 3 miles to Alvarado Canyon Rd. DOZENS OF POTHOLES
There is a very deep pothole on Fairmount Avenue near the 8 Freeway.  I drove over it on 2/23/19 and literally blew out a tire.  This pothole is in an area where there are numerous other holes that have been repaired.
Multiple potholes in intersection.
There is a pothole by the canyon rim apartment sign.

Several shallow potholes along W Hills Parkway between Mast and Mission Gorge













There?s a big pot hole right by 58th and university ave.  Right where the north stop or stop light is.  My cars tire sunk and I heard a loud noise and  got me very upset.  I drive a orange Honda Fit 2007.
Northbound Genesee right lane right before the intersection
Large, deep pothole

A section of Milton street -- between Dunhaven St. and Illion St.-- is ridden with potholes. Could you please come out and resurface  section? Thank you.
Large pothole group in intersection
Pot holes that are over 1" deep and very dangerous for vehicles on College Ave southbound near the I-8 on-ramp.This is on College Ave. please don't refer to CalTrans as  is a city street.

Traveling on Roselle St North, left turn onto I-5 on-ramp. Several potholes where Roselle St and on-ramp meet.
Eastbound Montezuma from Fairmont to Collwood Blvd.  Many Potholes. Thank You for  service.

The huge very deep pothole is right in line with the doorway into PB Elementary community field.
Pothole was not noticeable. Popped my tires. There was a car that pull to the side as well and she also popped her tires in the same spot.
Across from 2408 Brant Street
Hello, there are multiple large potholes right at  main intersection. 's been that way for a couple months now. I think the issue is that there is water running down El Cajon BLVD and it pools right at that intersection or there is some water main issue underneath it.  may have been patched before but that was only temporary because there is an ongoing issue with the water.
In front of 1790 West Washington. West bound side of West Washington.
Potholes in the westbound #2 and #3 lanes in the 10400 block of Friars Rd.
Pothole in the westbound #1 lane at 10370 Friars Rd.
Pothole in the crosswalk on the east side of the intersection of Hancock St and Camino Del Rio West.
Kearny Mesa Rd is pocked with potholes in the 3900 block between Othello St. and Convoy St.  Gradually it is becoming non-functional especially after the most recent rains.  is hazardous to vehicles' front end suspension and is very dangerous to travel on.
Pothole in the northbound #3 lane in the 3700 block of Camino Del Rio West.
Pothole at 301 Sea Ridge Dr.
Uneven trench series chain of potholes across mira Mesa Blvd. westbound. dangerous. Causes cars to change direction as they drive over it. Causes motorcyclists to lose control temporarily. Please fix  ASAP.  All three lanes affected!
MY DAUGHTERS WERE PLAYING OUTSIDE NEXT TO THE DRIVEWAY. ONE WENT ACROSS THE STREET TO GET THE BALL AND TRIPPED ON THE HUGE LUMP CAUSED BY THE POTHOLE. THE POTHOLE IS LOCATED RIGHT IN FRONT OF OUR DRIVEWAY. SHE SCRAPED HER KNEE BADDLY AND WE WERE ABOUT TO TAKE HER TO THE HOSPITAL. WE SPOKE TO A CONTRACTOR THAT CAME BY FILLING UP POTHOLE AND HE SAID THAT THE CITY WILL NEED A GRINDER TO GRIND THE HUMP DOWN TO STREET LEVEL. THIS IS BECOMING A HAZARD TO PEOPLE, CARS AND STUDENTS WHO WALK TO SCHOOL ACROSS THE STREET.

FAIRMOUNT N/B NEAR I-8W
Multiple potholes in front of apartment complex.
Huge wide pot hole
Message from constituent: "Marlesta Drive from Genessee ave to Auburndale is a mess.  All our streets around us have been resurfaced.  Why not  section which is in terrible condition?  Please do something about "
Major potholes

Pothole at intersection
In the intersection at airway rd and la media rd, large pothole approx 3 feet.
Lots of potholes on both sides of the street. Contact is Claudia at 619-466-8080
Several large potholes east of the La Media Road and Airway Road intersection, in front of the truck stop entrance.The potholes have gotten so large and are dangerous to vehicles driving through.
Potholes on Airway road east of the La Media Road and Airway Road intersection.
Large pothole in the right turn lane on Cedar turning into 4th ave
 least 10 potholes on East bound Navajo between Camino Estrellado and Parkridge.
Pothole
Big chunks of asphalt being disrupted and littered in the street on the 4200 block of Cole St. More is being eroded and kicked up by traffic.
Potholes and cracked streets all over Mira Mesa. Gold Coast is very bad. My tire popped!
There are two potholes 1 big and 1 small right outside our driveway. They are getting worse by the minute.
3ft by 3ft pothole in number 2 lane traveling east bound. Contact is Ed at 619-992-8181
Pothole before the sewer lid on northbound El Camino Real
2-foot pothole right after turn
Large pothole in middle northbound lane of Vista Sorrento Pkwy at intersection with Sorrento Valley Blvd
Pothole, #2 lane Eastbound Navajo @ Lake Murray
There are two deep potholes on the south side of Meade Ave. in front of the 7 Eleven Store that need repair.
Pots holes everywhere
The whole length of Elm Ave from 18th St to Saturn Blvd is ridden with several potholes. Traffic is especially heavy because of adjacent St Charles Elementary School.

Thee potholes, near recently repaired( twice) pot holes.
2 foot by 3 foot pothole
Pothole located on the farthest lane to the left going toward Point Loma. Pot hole on left side of the lane, right before entering the bridge over San Diego River. Pothole is located on Ingraham right before one of the overpassess
Huge potholes at the Truck Stop entrance on the corner of La Media Rd. and Airway Rd. Make  a priority because is a a busy intersection and is getting dangerous driving around  specific area.
There is a HUGE pothole going west on Navajo Road between Park Ridge Blvd and Margerum Ave.  's in the left lane.  If you are driving in the left lane there is no way to avoid it.  I think it caused a flat tire to someone's car  morning.
Several potholes southbound Clairemont Dr between Balboa and Ute Dr
Pothole southbound Clairemont Dr
Street is horrible and getting worse every day! s ruining our cars. s been years. Please fix it!
These  three (3) potholes have been reported as repaired. When in fact they are NOT.  Intersection of Bancroft Street and Monroe Avenue in the 92116 zip code area (Normal Heights). The photo attached was taken Monday 02/25/19. There are 3 of them.  But the App will only allow me to download 1 pic.
Pothole
Construction trucks from the Wembly St. Riverview Village Homes construction site have been cracking the street at the intersection of Fontaine Street and Keighley Street. Requesting attention to fill potholes.
Wider and deeper pothole than when reported last week. Pothole is dangerous and near elementary school
Giant pothole on street, on crosswalk by stop sign, on SW corner of 43rd St and Myrtle Ave
there are 3 potholes right before the light on 13th & Imperial Ave.
Potholes on crosswalk
Pothole as you turn right from Camino Del Norte onto the ramp going north on I-15.
huge potholes on both sides of road from 163 freeway entrance/exit on genessee ave from the 163 freeway to Osler but really bad from freeway to linda vista road.
Two potholes in SB morena #1 lane
Deep pot hole at intersection.  Heavy traffic.
There is a large pothole right after the stop sign between Main Street and Schley Street.  looks like a circle and the cement around it, is fragmented as well.  is dangerous because a tire could pop after falling in the steep street hole.  could also cause chaos during busy hours.
Please pace Ingraham Street from Grand Ave. to the bridges, at least temporarily. I saw 2 cars swerve into other lanes to prevent themselves from hitting a rough spot or pothole. Thank you
Large pothole 36"x 36" top layer of asphalt has come loose from older layer creating the hole.
75 FT NORTH OF INTERSECTION ON CAM DEL NORTE (HAS TIRE DAMAGE)

POTHOLES IN SB LANES JUST BEFORE GRAND
There is a long trench/ hole along West Bernardo near the community park that was created by water runoff.  This has been coned off on the road for over 2 months and has not yet been repaired.
E/B #2 LANE,  2 POTHOLES BETWEEN NESTOR & GREENBAY ON CORONADO AVE
EB Penasquitos Drive approaching I-15
Potholes
Street is either sinking or not repaired properly
Crater in roadway right of way driving northbound on Fairmount Ave. Thanks.
Two big potholes due to weather
Pothole
Sinking former patch and hole
Pothole
 least twice a week, a truck, school bus or other heavy vehicle gets stuck at the corner due to the dip on Lamplight.
Pothole is in the middle of the intersection and affects the northbound lane of west Bernardo drive and left-turn lane of west bound George Cooke Way. This pothole was reported previously but the report was closed without the pothole getting repaired.
Large pothole opened up at cement where it meets asphalt on eastbound side
Pothole right southbound lane
Pothole right northbound lane
Pothole ... actually a huge square that had recently repaired about a month ago.  Worse now than before.   SEE MAP

Damaged asphalt and potholes on EB Washington under the 5 freeway.
Damaged asphalt and potholes in  intersection.   15 year problem.
2 deep potholes on the off ramp of PCH approaching the Washington St intersection
pot hole in irght hand lane wb on washington
BIG P/HS SB WERE PATCHED BUT NOW BAD AGAIN
Ph

On east side crosswalk
Potholes in center lanes under the overpass
P/H AT INTERESECTION
South side of 8404 Phyllis Place in Serra Mesa.  The repair truck was there last week and filled maybe four or five holes. The remaining were left unattended and are now enlarged due to rain
Multiple large potholes
Multiple large potholes at the intersection of Monroe Ave and Bancroft St
There is alot of potholes
There are so many potholes going down princess drive. There are quite a few larger ones toward the bottom closer to one of the entrances going to 7'11
Potholes (several) at Rancho Penasquitos Blvd and Carmel Mtn Rd intersection
Sunken Sewer trench, west side of Loma Alta@Marlowe, approx 2 x 3 foot area

Several potholes on Paseo Cardiel

Huge pothole! 's been there for weeks and causing traffic to dangerously avoid it. I reported it previously and nothing has been done about it.
deep pothole eastbound
deep pothole
There is a huge pothole which is causing swerving.
Cabot drive s/b at the west corner of Miramar rd.  Some traffic signal loops may also be compromised
Potholes - deep and can damage car alignment
Pothole on wabash, heading south as you turn on to Lincoln.
Pothole on wabash north / 805 n exit at university just before crossing university.
The entire length of Milton Street in Bay Park is covered in potholes.
Huge pothole on miramar rd going east from nobel dr.

Growing pothole
Pothole. Need to fill old road work.
Pothole is huge and destroyed rims and suspension -  is dangerous to life and limb (motorcycle)
During recent rains, I noticed a hole next to the curb.  was filling with water and not flowing down the street. A huge amount of water was going into the pothole. Hundreds of gallons, like it was creating a sink hole.  This pot hole has the potential to develop into a sink hole. There is a gopher under the street that is causing ! Needs to be investigated and fixed before the street collapses. The gopher tunnel is on both sides, and you can see how big the problem is with my foot in the photo for scale. Thank you.
Large pothole at on ramp from fairmount ave to 8 west. Pot hole caused bent wheel and flat tire. Shoulder too narrow to safely change tire with cars making the turn onto the freeway.
Pot holes on Santo Road North & Southbound between Tierrasanta Blvd and Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Right lane on morena Blvd going north  from Balboa ave  to avanti.  Thank you
big and deep potholes ob birch st, right before the stop sign.
 south end of Taylor St. Bridge on curve going west toward Old Town, 4 huge potholes and rest of asphault is rough, but the potholes are a major problem and will cause vehicle damage. 's like an off road course through there. Been there for months. Decided to report it as it appears no one else has.
Our alley is eroding away. This is uneven and caused by water sitting here for days.  Some of it is caused by rain water. The other part of it is caused by an illegal dumping of laundry water from a hose coming from the apartment complex.  Unsafe to walk or drive on.
Pot hole with sitting water
Numerous potholes
Numerous potholes
Multiple potholes on both sides of street causing damage. Been here for years and getting worse. Thanks
This very big and dangerous pothole is almost like a sinkhole surrounding a manhole cover on NB El Camino between Derby Downs and San Dieguito. This has been repaired previously.  is getting worse by the day is at a curve - impossible to see until you are on it.
Huge pothole - 24 x 24 x 8 inches  in the middle of the West bound travel lane/intersection. I have driven over it multiple times  week and is very difficult to see.  can potentially cause undercarriage-suspension/tire damage to vehicles traveling along the roadway. Please address  issue immediately. Thank you very much.
As You turn from Nobel Dr. On all three east bound lanes medium to deep potholes in the number 1,2, and 3 lanes almost to the traffic light
Potholes on the ramp from Friars Rd westbound to Mission Village Dr north
Deep pothole on my st. Can cause tire damage
Pothole going west on the right lane of Gramercy Dr and corner with Tower St
MULTIPLE POTHOLES ON WEST HILLS PARKWAY NEAR CARLTON HILLS BLVD.  Large and dangerous.  Thank you.
Large pothole in intersection of monroe
Multiple potholes at corner of Monroe and Bancroft. Street corner regularly floods
Giant pot hole caused damage to vehicle
Construction left the road horribly uneven.
The whole stretch of Camino Del Norte between Rancho Center Dr. & Camino San Bernardo is filled with potholes. Speed limit is fairly high which causes damage to cars that hit the potholes.
Many potholes on High Bluff between Del Mar Heights and Long Run.
large section of trench sunken and needs to be addressed
Pothole located on 55th St going southbound
Deep pothole across the street from new library.
3ft x1 foot #1 lane headed east bound  Green Bay and Coronado ave
ECB westbd lane two holes, middle of intersection
Middle of intersection southbound Beyer, #1 lane @ Del Sol
Many potholes
NE corner of intersection
Left lane west bound
deep pothole at intersection of 34th and collier on collier
Potholes on WB clairemont mesa blvd from la cuenta to santo.
Alley way entrance/exit
Pothole at Eton and Scripps
The pothole is on I-5 S just before the on ramp where I have placed the red marker. The hole is located on the right lane underneath Old Town road on the expressway. I hit the hole  morning and had AAA come and repair the fix but they told me that the tire was unfixable.
Intersection of 39th and Meade Ave eastbound side of street

NB Woodman south of Paradise Valley Rd #2 lane is a pothole.
Good morning, We have a ton of potholes on Pacific Hwy (the frontage road). Please have a crew come patch them asap. These are dangerous! Thank you!
Intersection of 37th and Meade Ave westbound side of street
Northbound side of street
A really deep pothole
Southbound side of street
Two potholes within the intersection of Aviary and rium.
Southbound side of street
A couple large potholes on eastbound Scripps Poway, Parkway
Southbound side of street
A couple more additional potholes on eastbound Scripps Poway, Parkway.
Huge pothole getting off the 805 at Madison/Adams
I have sent you request and pictures about the potholes and deterioration of the side street along University.  is turning into a huge problem now.The other day someone came in said they fell and wanted to sue me I said its not my street or driveway. So someone needs to come out and do something ASAP.
Large sinkhole forming 1ft wide by 6ft long. Contact is Arnon at 858-750-9705
Big hole. You can see the underlying concrete. 's right at the Mission Center Road off ramp from eastbound Friars.
Multiple potholes coming from fairmont ave to Camino del rio n. Light I posted  two weeks ago and they closed it and still didn't get fix
College Grove Drive at George Stevens way middle of intersection
Multiple potholes going under overpass and going into 8east ramp
Pothole
Giant potholes
multiple potholes on both lanes of Morena blvd
street completely falling apart from rain.
While driving, I ran over a pot hole on lake muarry bald popping two of my tires on the drivers side.
There is a significant sized pothole, almost the entire width of one lane, on Southbound Rosecrans street.  is the center lane as you approach the Midway Dr. - Rosecrans St. intersection
Potholes at the intersection of Mirasol Dr.  and Parvo Ct need to be filled.  I put my address because your website won't allow me to use an intersection as a location.  Thx!
Huge pot hole at the intersection.  is in the lane that runs north to south
Many Potholes

The alleyway located between Washington Street and University Avenue is in need of major repair. There are a ton of potholes and asphalt lifting. This is causing possible trip hazards and and uneven walking surfaces for pedestrians and deliverymen serving the surrounding buildings. Please repair as soon as possible.
Excessive uneven surfaces and asphalt patches lifting in alleyway behind 3935 Fourth Avenue. This section of the alleyway between Fourth and Fifth Avenue, Washington and University needs major repairs. Major tripping hazards for pedestrians and delivery trucks unloading/loading deliveries to neighboring restaurants. Major potholes causing damage to vehicles. Please repair ASAP.
p/h in front of driveway
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole
Pothole

Large hole over the 805 freeway
Potholes
Huge pothole in dirt alley that won't allow consumer's gate to open, so they have no access to parking.  Please expedite.
Pothole
Pothole
Hundreds of pot holes all down  street
Large pothole in west bound lane. Contact is Charles at 619-807-1683
Numerous potholes traveling north bound between Georgia St and Park Bl. Contact is Charles at 619-807-1683
Large potholes near center divider, cause tire to flatten.
Left lane turning onto aero drive from convoy street
Going both north and south on Morena Blvd. between Balboa exit and Costco (approximately 4100 To 4600 blocks) there are four potholes.
Major potholes for 3 years ?s not done it?s back today sunk back in
Large pothole in the intersection (Lowell/Evergreen/Nimitz) on Nimitz blvd southbound.
3051 El Cajon blvd is the address of the School CCPAA. Behind the school between El Cajon blvd and Howard and Ohio street we have a parking lot upon exiting the parking lot there is a large pothole that is getting bigger by the day, it is a danger to our students as there are large chunks of concrete breaking off which is a concern to the safety of our students, as the parking lot is used as a play area during the day, and to the tires of the parents vehicles as they drive out of the parking lot.
EB #2 lane just after Mercury St. intersection appears to have a chunk of asphalt missing.
Large pothole on Macaulay street heading towards Chatsworth Boulevard.
From: Angie Busalacchi <abusalacchi@rexfordindustrial.com> Sent: Monday, February 25, 2019 10:28 AMTo: TSW Street Service <Street_Service@sandiego.gov>Cc: donald.contardi@gmail.com; Shannon Pollero <spollero@rexfordindustrial.com>; Maya Hausmann <mhausmann@rexfordindustrial.com>Subject: 7100 Convoy Court- POT HOLEHello,Happy Monday!We noticed  a large pot hole in the street in front of our property.I know you guys are super busy, but can you send someone out to fix . I have attached a photo.Please reply to let me know you received .
Large pothole on road on crosswalk
A contractor is constructing an apartment complex here. They dug the intersection for piping.They did NOT patch  correctly, and every time a car (my car) drives by their bumpy/un-even patch it's ruining my suspension.
This pothole is a foot across, it was repaired and then reopened in the last rain storm.
About 4 or 5 potholes in 1st lane going west
There are multiple large potholes on Waring Road, heading north, near the intersection of Adobe Falls Road.
Far left

Potholes on westbound Carmel Mtn Rd between 11650 & Highway 15; right lane


Small but deep pothole right in tire track.
Potholes in middle lane eastbound Del Mar Hts Rd, west of Torrey Pines High School
Westbound side has new pothole opened up where cement and asphalt meet in road at gutter crossing ..
Patch the pothole
Multiple potholes on Camino del Rio West at intersection with Kurtz St., on the ramp coming off I-8.8
Potholes between Hewlett-Packard and Rancho Bernardo Rd on West Bernardo Dr. Many blocks long-please take an initiative and check out the whole area listed.
The alley way between Utah and Idaho, behind my townhome on Idaho Street (between the north side of Madison and south side of Adams) has become increasingly dilapidated.  Inevitably a few days after the rain, large pieces of concrete from prior ?patch work? comes loose and exposes pot holes which cause the tires of my vehicle to drop at least 4 inches if driven over.  This makes it nearly impossible to drive in  area and access my home from the Madison side.  Further, avoiding the pot holes has become increasingly difficult as they now extend across the alley.  Additionally, there are many times that accessing my garage is only available via the Madison entrance (rather than the Adams side) due to City waste and recycle vehicles that block the entirety of the alleyway, forcing my path of travel across the dilapidated pothole area of the alley.  I am requesting that the City take more adequate measures to ensure that a complete repair of  area is performed.

Half-over deep pothole as you turn onto New Salem St at the corner of the park, very jarring.
Pothole/messed up street right at the intersection of Bernardo Center Dr into the Deerwood Complex.
Potholes in left turn lane and intersection
Numerous potholes on NB Mission Gorge Road, several blocks in each direction @ I-8 overpass.
Alley is torn up. I'll bet all surrounding businesses don't claim ownership.

Going south on Front between Lewis and Washington, Just as you turn west off front onto Washington, there's a new pothole, quite a drop!  's just at the corner where jack n the box is.
Major pot holes
Other side of f the road from  bank of America.  Thanx
Multiple potholes and broken asphalt in front of  address
Pothole (pavement sinking) in right-hand lane of Poway Road eastbound. Near intersection of Poway Road and Creekview Drive.  This section of road had major repavement done one year ago.
The alley is severely cracked. Measuring a few inches deep potholes.   In the alley , 3853 45th Street, 92105
Multiple deep and growing potholes are now interfering with fire department and ambulance responses. There is a constant water source from overflowing drains in the commercial center parking lots to the south of the intersection that exacerbate the situation.
Multiple potholes
Large pot hole towards entrance under signal light to on ramp of 163 on Washington
Bad pothole which blew out tire
pot hole right next to dip in road right across from Pizza Hut
Pothole
Potholes cover Milton Street from Illion Street to Penrose St and again from August St up the hill until it turns into Burgener and until July Street.   These 2 sections have been "repaved" at least twice in the 4 years that I have lived in the neighborhood and every time it rains, the potholes reappear.
several pot holes on Saturn Blvd. between Palm Avenue and Coronado Ave. Largest one between Dahlia and Donax Ave. on Saturn Blvd.
Massive potholes... PLEASE FIX!!!
Division st and 58 st south to 61 st.
Large Pothole at Mira Mesa Public Library
There is a large pothole on Navajo Road, near Saint Therese Academy.
Large Pothole at intersection
Several potholes in dirt alley
Pothole heading towards Sea Port Village. Contact is Sonia at 619-691-1235
Potholes on New Salem by Mira Mesa Library
Huge pothole going south on reo dr.  Right as you go past Cumberland.

Entrance from Del Mar Heights RD to Mar Scenic quite rough with pot hole in  center
Pothole on Florida and El Cajon intersection, couple quite deep holes
Huge pot hole On Torrey Pines Road between La Jolla Shores Drive and between Camino de La Plata going towards La Jolla.
Idk like 10 pot holes
Potholes in street intersection




Right lane
Large pothole north bound on Mission Gorge @ Mission Gorge Pl
Pothole
Multiple deepening holes  eastbound at  Clairemont Mesa Blvd. and Convoy St.  No images needed.  Already a hazard to smaller vehicles, especially motorcycles, as well as rough travel to cars.  Distraction alone could cause an accident at  busy location.
Pothole in middle of crosswalk.  My wife fell and twisted her ankle here a couple months ago.  I would be surprised if nobody else has complained.
Camino del Norte between just west of Bernardo Center Dr and Camino San Bernardo, right most lane.  I understand there is current construction on the3 left two lanes but the right Lasne is a continuous pot hole for over 5000 ft.  I've lived in 3rd world countries and  is the worst friction' road I've ever driven on.  For all the damn taxes on everything and on gas, fix the DAMN roads!!
Deep pot hole in right lane of eastbound camino del Norte (but NOT the turning lane for SB 1-15).
the previous pothole repair was done poorly, the street section is almost unfit to drive through.  School buses are making potholes worse. Can someone put in request to have the damaged street section properly repaired? Please don't  send the previous repair crew, they performed minimal and poor service.
I travel  street every day on my way to work.   is terrible, many potholes, cracks, water standing  near the curbs on rainy days.   is a main very busy traveled street all the way from convoy east to highway 15.  Please address , I'm tired of  hitting those potholes and having my car wheel alignments DONE.  I have no photos, because it is a lengthy road to photograph.
Broken asphalt
From the corner of 26th and Logan Ave down to 26th and Main St it's major potholes and bit holes period
Pothole in the left lane
Potholes on the second lane from right.
Potholes on mercury street and immediately on balboa after making a right hand turn.  I stopped and looked at how deep they were and I could see China.  They are deep and will be bending wheels and popping tires when my wife drives over them.  Help!!!!  I got kids to feed.
Multiple potholes  on Calle de las rosas (on both sides) between Rancho Penasquitos Blvd and La Tortola.  Please inspect and fix, or repave.  Thank you.
Pothole at the intersection of Rancho Penasquitos and La Tortola.  (If you are on RP Blvd east and turning right onto Calle de Las Rosas).  The potholes forming at  area keep getting bigger and bigger.  Please repair.  Thank you.
6'x6' area of asphalt lifted about 6 inches. They patched a 3'x4' hole a couple of weeks ago and it lasted 2 days if that. Garbage trucks turning in cul-de-sac and they keep messing it up. I hope you can get someone to sort it out soon, I see delivery cars and uber/lyft scrape on the debris daily.
Series of potholes in westbound lanes of Poway Road just past Sabre Springs intersection until I-15.
pot holes on concrete intersection cardeon and archer already patched before needs a redo!
Oh my  whole street is in dire need of repair as soon as possible.   is treacherous driving on  street and there are many children walking nearby.  This street repair should be evaluated at the highest level.   looks like a bomb was dropped on  street and I am totally serious.  This is a liability.
3 Potholes and crocodile patches on 6300 Eider St.
Multiple potholes in intersection ashford and beagle streets
Pothole at the NW corner of Jade Coast Rd and Ambassador
Pothole in the eastbound right lane of Clairemont Mesa Blvd.
Large pothole on left of left lane. On on-ramp to I-15 N/S, I-8 W, entered via fairmount expressway north.
Potholes in the intersection, of Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Convoy Street,  both east bound and west bound
Potholes
Huge pothole approaching stop sign.
2ND REQUEST; Otay Mesa Rd  at Enrico Fermi  to Alta road is Full of potholes.  I already contacted the county and they claim it is not their responsibility.   has to be someones.  Please investigate and fix.
Pothole
COULD YOU "PLEASE" REPAIR ALL THE FAIRMOUNT AVE NORTH POTHOLES, FROM MONTEZUMA RD ALL THE WAY TO ALVARADO CANYON RD?????????
COULD YOU "PLEASE" REPAIR ALL THE FAIRMOUNT AVE NORTH POTHOLES, FROM MONTEZUMA RD ALL THE WAY TO ALVARADO CANYON RD?????????
Going west on Gramercy at the corner with Tower pothole on the right lane. Just after the dip
Pothole on the eastbound right lane of Aero Dr at the intersection with Afton Rd
There is a large pothole in the middle lane as you are heading east on Balboa Ave just east of the traffic signal at Mercury.
Many potholes on  street, big ones can be found in front of 8223 San Carlos Drive.
There are several potholes along Navajo in both directions between Waring road and Jackson, a couple of pretty large ones.
The pot hole is located at the very busy intersection of Harbor & Hawthorn.   is in the way of those that are turning left onto Harbor from Hawthorn.
Deep pothole in crosswalk on the west side of the intersection south of Perry's Caf.
Pothole in Northbound lane just north of Lynnhaven Lane on Lake Murray Blvd.
TAMMY @ 858-218-5245 BIG POTHOLE THAT HAS BEEN ON GOING PROBLEM.
 is no longer safe to commute on a bicycle through  intersection due to the overwhelming amount of potholes and deep cracks. Please repair the road surface and make it safe for multi modal transportation.
There is several big pot holes on  road.  is getting bigger and bigger each day.

Pot hole in alley, fixed before but reoccurring!
Dirt road needs regrading. All of Sycamore Creek Rd from Highland Valley Rd. Contact is Brenda at 858-674-2270
Huge pothole. Very deep by elementary school. Contact is Todd at 619-230-5335
Sinkhole forming.
Large, deep Pothole on N/B Park Blvd.  Not sure of exact location, but it was North of the High School/College and South of Signal Light on President's Way.  Drove on  Blvd. on Sun 24 Feb 2019 and saw the Pothole.
northbound Morena Blvd at McGraw St hit pothole on 2/4/2019.
Grass , cracks and pot holes up and down ?Coronado Avenue 25th St. and 27th St. 92154 area code
Entire length of Cannington Dr. north of Balboa is in terrible shape with broken pavement and many potholes.
On the south corner near jack in the box, huge pothole
Pacific Hwy Bridge westbound after Washington Street. Going on the bridge there were a row of decent size potholes-damaged car on 12/20/2018.
POT HOLE IN THE MID INTERSECTION
Regrade alley behind address. Eric at 858-541-4305
Many potholes
Potholes
Potholes at the intersection of Gold Coast Drive and Greenford Drive.
Intersection of Paseo Lucido and Avenida Venusto, turning southeast onto Avenida Venusto has several potholes and is very uneven.
Multiple pot holes on Waring Rd hill. More on uphill than downhill side
Sink hole just started recently, about 6" deep. Located in West bound lane just before turning onto Pacific hwy. About 3' from the curb.
Don't know if I have the right spot exactly it was dark and literally could not see  hole but it is BIG - really jolted my car - not good for the wheels or alignment !
POTHOLES SEVERAL
Aldine & fairmount pothpoles
Major potholes west of the crosswalk
several potholes
Pothole
pothole in front of house
Full of potholes
POTHOLE JUST AFTER THE SB EXIT OF 805 THAT MAY CAUSE DAMAGE TO CARS. BOROZOOIEH @ 858-519-2089
Divets in the roadway-east crosswalk at 5th & Island-trip and fall on 8/2/2018
Bad pothole/dip in the road.
Pothole
Lots of deep potholes, left lane northbound
Numerous pot holes from I-8 to El CAjon Blvd
Pothole still there despite you closing my reports
THERE ARE A LOT OF POTHOLES AND IT IS A BUSY STREET.
Multiple pot holes
Pothole still there despite reporting 2x and those reports show closed.  is in the far left turn lane on convoy going to aero
Many new potholes. Please fill all.
There are several large potholes here. Please fill all.
Large pothole
Huge long pothole in the north lane of Balboa South right in front of the car care.
There is  massive pothole that is at the Stop sign exiting the frontage road along side SPAWAR on Pacific Hwy. The size of the pothole is at least 2 feet deep and the width of the entire lane. The size of the hole will cause an accident to Motorcycles or damage a vehicle wheel.
3 enormous potholes in the 163 onramp lane of eastbound Washington, major hazard to drivers
Potholes on far right lane merging into Palm Ave exit
Multiple deep potholes at Pentecost Way entrance to shopping plaza and along Pentecost Way all the way to Federal Blvd. intersection.
THERE WERE A LOT OF CONSTRUCTION GOING ON AND NO WAY TO AVOID THE POTHOLES. COLLISION WAITING TO HAPPEN.
Multiple potholes at intersection of Camino Ruiz and New Salem Street (bear the Mira Mesa Library). Cars are having to drive around holes to clear the intersection.

huge pothole, almost popped our tire. This has been filled many times and it keeps coming back. Might be best to repave  street before people start sending in receipts requesting refund for popped tires. The location is at the bottom of the cul-de-sac near the dip.
From 8 down to Twain the road is full of holes
a large pothole exists at the said corner (by Jack in the Box) as one is making a right turn onto Washington street.
Via Frontera is falling apart. Potholes and uneven pavement. This road has thousand cars over it each day.  The road surface is in terrible condition over the whole way to the entrance of Petco Headquarters.
Major potholes in left hand eastbound lane.
Massive size potholes and road damage, very hard to drive through. And backs up traffic during morning rush hour
9366 Cabot Drive ...north bound ...very large..approx. 15 inches across & 6 inches deep..thee kind of pothole that destroys tires and car frames if you drive over  large pothole! Please help!
There is a large pot hole towards the right of the road.  looked to be about the size of a basketball and the driver had to serve to avoid it. Thank you!
Pot holes
Pothole
Pothole and crocodile patching

Pothole


Pothole and crocodile patching
Pothole
Pothole and crocodile patching
5th request again and for the last time please fix with new asphalt the 3 very dangerous  pot hole areas in the middle of  intersection. Cars now have to drive around  area to avoid damage causing possible vehicle collisions. Please do it right  time and please STOP closing  Get it Done request fraudulently . You are embarrassing the city residents with  phony repair or no repair at all. Legal action against the City is the next move if not repaired  week at  dangerous highly busy intersection. Thanks in advance.
Multiple potholes and crocodile patching

Potholes; one in intersection with Sports Arena/ Midway. Second pothole just north. Both are in the inner northbound lane.
5th request. You are filling potholes along Morena Bl but you keep closing the Get it Done request incorrectly when you are not filling in several pot holes on the right turn exit from Morena Bl south exit to Balboa Ave just as you start the right turn exit. The pot holes are still there as of noon today. STOP Closing my previous requests prematurely. If you want to meet me there I can show you exactly where there.   Thanks !
pothole on rancho penasquitos under the 15highway bridge
cluster of potholes around the area
Pothole
Pothole and crocodile patching
Multiple pothole and crocodile patching
In very bad shape
Large pothole has got deeper after recent rains #2 S/B lane
There are several pothole in and around  area. My tire was damaged beyond repair because of  issue. Please repair  soonest. I am certain others are experiencing the damage as well. Also, myself and others are slightly merging into the right side lane to avoid the potential damage from the potholes and dugouts.
Open trench causing a safety issue.  Has been open two days.
Massive Pot Hole, Damaged my car
Deep pothole just south of the crosswalk
Lots of pot holes in front of school
Pothole
Southbound westonhill south of Hilleary where the concrete meets the asphalt.  Patched after previous storm. Can we get  patched so it lasts more than a week.
Hillery east bound just west of westonhill where the concrete meets the asphalt.  Patched after previous storm. Can we get  patched so it lasts more than a week.
Hillery west bound just east of westonhill where the concrete meets the asphalt.  Patched after previous storm. Can we get  patched so it lasts more than a week.
College Ave south between Del Cerro Blvd and the I-8
Several potholes on Mission Avenue going NE direction at intersection of two other streets: Monroe Ave and Alabama St.
Pothole left hand turn from north rosecrans to west Nimitz
Road full of potholes, large cracks. Edge of road broken. Part cement and part asphalt.
Pothole
Huge pothole in right hand lane going south on harbor.
Huge pot holes on west J Street near intersection
Potholes
Pothole, right lane, eastbound
There are several car-eating potholes on the bridge across I-8 and especially at the intersection of Taylor and Hotel Circle S. The whole stretch of road from the Taylor street park-and-ride to  bridge is in terrible condition and needs to be resurfaced,
8577 Flanders Drive ..east bound lane 3 to 4 potholes..hard to miss.
Potholes in East Bound lanes of MiramarEast of Nobel Drive
Med pothole southbound Nimitz Blvd.  Thank you, David
2 Big pot holes in the middle of the road
Pot holes on  road are dangerous! There are about 7 potholes in the right lane from the morena ramp to Avati drive and they are huge
Several large potholes when turning left from W Washington onto 163 hwy entrance.
Pothole in land going down to freeway across 4400 entrance to apartments
several pot holes on the Tonawanda Drive at Reo Drive on the west side.
Could you please repair the One Dozen potholes on  block scattered between the left and right lane going north? Thanks
Going west pothole on the Right Lane
Going north a couple of potholes on  street
A few potholes on the Curve of  street. Going north
Pothole
Potholes
Potholes
Pothole in front of the CVS
Two big potholes.
















Multiple potholes.


where Via Tazon and West Bernardo Court intersect there are huge pot holes and always an accumulation of water. sitting at the bottom of the hill.
Horrible potholes in alley behind 4104 Clairemont Dr. I can not drive my car over safely as the potholes are so deep. This whole stretch of alley is bad and in desperate need of repaving
Two potholes in the left lane of southbound Normal Street, just before the Campus Avenue intersection. They are up against the center median.
There are two big potholes on the corner of Olney St and Pacific Beach Dr in Pacific Beach.
Very bad patch of road on Cardeno Dr from Foothills Dr to about Archer St in Pacific Beach
Bad patch of road on Foothill Blvd between   Beryl St and Monmouth Dr. Dangerous for motorcycles.
Large pothole and some asphalt debris in left lane. Location is apx.
4326 38th st
Pothole  south side of railroad tracks.  Thank you
The intersection of Camino Ruiz and New Salem St. corner of the library where the library sign is at the corner, there are several potholes. My tire fits inside the potholes. I hope you can come out and fix  soon, dangerous having the street  way. Thank you.
And Reagan Road, by the Mira Mesa Library?
pot hole developing in front of my driveway ... with rains much water collection and hope is getting larger thank you for attending to  matter
PER H27 RAYMOND GUZMAN  SLA CREW SAYS A PATCH TRUCK IS NEEDED ASAP LARGE POT HOLES THROUGH OUT STREET, REF WK ORDER  107234.
A/C re failing after 1 week from sinkhole repair
There is a pothole before you turn onto sky park court.

Pothole
Dangerous pothole on pedestrian path
Multiple large potholes on Montezuma Road going over Fairmount Avenue.
On Florida Street at Intersection with El Cajon Blvd, several large, deep potholes.
Sinking pothole from old sewer line
Multiple potholes  along Pacific Hwy from 5 N offramp heading towards Enterprise Street and SPAWAR base gate entrance.
Pots holds on road and in bicycle path.
Huge pothole traveling east bound on Mira Mesa Bl just before Cam Ruiz. Contact is Seroor at 619-889-1886
2 potholes near bus stop
Pothole
HUGE POT HOLE JUST BEFORE THE ENTRANCE.  C-3 AREA
Three or four large potholes in  area, southbound lanes.
In front of Ihop rest. on Midway
The 6200 block of Acorn Street  has numerous potholes along it's entire length starting at the driveway to the fire station on the west end.
The 6300 block of Acorn Street has numerous potholes along its entire length
Large pothole. Located at the intersection of University Avenue and 60th Street.
Both eastbound lanes of Montezuma Road have numerous new potholes along the entire length of the street between Fairmount Avenue and Collwood Boulevard
Potholes at the 8 east and fairmont north
Potholes
Both southbound lanes of College Avenue have potholes scattered along their length from Del Cerro Boulevard at the north end to Canyon Crest at the south end
There is a pothole in the G St. crosswalk at the east end of the intersection of 9th and G
There are numerous potholes along the entire length of the 6100 block of Acorn Street
There are many potholes in both lanes of the 4700 block of Seminole Drive
Pot Holes on Coronado Avenue (both sides) between Thermal Avenue and Saturn Boulevard.  Please repair all potholes asap.  Thank you.
Potholes on Coronado Avenue (both sides) between Saturn Boulevard and Hollister Street.  Please repair asap.  Thank you.
Pot Holes on Saturn Boulevard (both sides, especially on west side) between Palm Avenue and Elm Avenue.  Please repair asap.  Thank you.
its massive.
This is dangerous and unsafe. There is gravel all over the road and a pothole that could easily dismount a motorcyclist
Pot Holes on Coronado Avenue (both sides, especially on south side) between 15th Street and Thermal Avenue.  Please repair asap.  Thank you.
Pot holes on Saturn Boulevard (both sides, especially on the west side) between Coronado Avenue and Elm Avenue.  Please repair asap.  Thank you.
Friars Road west, center lane.
Viva Racho way was just paved about 3 weeks ago after countless years complaining it was the worst street in San Diego. In fact one of the workers confirmed it was the worst street he had seen.  The attached picture shows a beginning pothole after just 3 weeks. Please fix before it gets any worse
Potholes by Jamba juice on Mission gorge
I have seen multiple kids fall on their skateboard because of  pothole.  has been here for several months now. Thank you!
Pothole in intersection between Carmel Country Rd and Carmel Mission. Going southbound and near or about at the pedestrian crossing lines.
Severe damage to street, multiple holes and large sections of broken concrete/blacktop.  Urgent repair needed.
Road is full of potholes!
Large Pothole opened up after recent rains, approx 2ft in diameter and 3-5 inches deep
The right lane (southern side) has many pot holes which need patching. The stretch of Montezuma as it passes Fairmount all the way to Collwood Blvd.
The alley between Doboise Dr and Cole St-Between Clairemont Mesa Blvd and Conrad has many potholes that came about after the rain.
Potholes
From the intersection of Hotel Circle South and Taylor Street, go north on Morena Blve.  The pothole is in the left lane just before going under the I-8 Freeway.
Potholes in both lanes going up to the light. They keep closing  and still haven't gotten fixed . Whoever is in charge of  go out and check over the work before closing it .
Several potholes on ward drive and Camino del rio north, alongside 8 freeway.
Pothole
Large potholes in left turn lane.
Potholes, faded stop sign markings, deteriorating street and asphalt.
Pot hole on crosswalk
Pot holes as you get off of 94 into f street.  Thanks
I submitted a ticket on 2/5/2019 for a pothole.  was fixed, however the city sewer line was covered. Please see before and after pictures. I don't think  is a viable fix as the city will not know there is a clean out installed in  area.
Potholes
When you turn down Soledad Rd. from Soledad Mountain Rd., there are so many potholes and bumps that my car (a 300C Mercedez) has had to be aligned twice in the past two months. I would invite you to drive down that Soledad Rd. to Kate Sessions park and see the many potholes and rough road.